

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-14-077686
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140228
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WHITEWAVE FOODS Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001555365
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				460631061
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35708
		FILM NUMBER:		14656431
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1225 SEVENTEENTH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-635-4500
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1225 SEVENTEENTH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202












 


Washington
 D.C. 20549 
Form 10-K





For The Fiscal Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 
 




For the Transition Period from
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; to &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

The WhiteWave
Foods Company 


 
















1225 Seventeenth Street
 Suite 1000 
Denver
 Colorado 80202 
(Address
including zip code
 and telephone number
area code
 of Registrant&#146;s principal executive offices) 












Class A common&nbsp;Stock
&nbsp;$.01 par&nbsp;value





 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 if any
 every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 and will not be
contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. (Check one): 

























Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2013
 based on the closing price for the registrant&#146;s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2013
 was approximately $2.2 billion. 

 2014
 there were 173
528
224 outstanding shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock
 par value $0.01 per share. 



 which will be filed within 120 days of
the registrant&#146;s fiscal year end
 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 




 








































































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence














































 

Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 which are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Forward-looking statements are predictions based on expectations and projections about future events
 and are not statements of
historical fact. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning business strategy
 among other things
 including anticipated trends and developments in and management plans for our business and the markets in which we operate. In some
cases
 you can identify these statements by forward-looking words
 such as &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;project
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;forecast
&#148;
&#147;foresee
&#148; &#147;likely
&#148; &#147;may
&#148; &#147;should
&#148; &#147;goal
&#148; &#147;target
&#148; &#147;might
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;could
&#148; &#147;predict
&#148; and &#147;continue
&#148; the negative or plural of
these words and other comparable terminology. All forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K are based upon information available to us as of the filing date of this Form 10-K
 and we undertake no obligation to update any of these
forward-looking statements for any reason. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results
 levels
of activity
 performance
 or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. These factors include the matters discussed in the section entitled &#147;Part I &#151; Item&nbsp;1A &#151; Risk Factors&#148; in
this Form 10-K
 and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in this Form 10-K. 


 statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding: 







 including our general expectations and competitive position
 business opportunity
 and category size
 growth
 and share
 are based on information from independent
industry organizations and other third-party sources (including industry publications
 surveys
 and forecasts)
 data from our internal research
 and management estimates. Our estimates are derived from the information and data referred to above
 and
are based on assumptions and calculations made by us based upon our interpretation of such information and data
 and our knowledge of our industry and the categories in which we operate
 which we believe to be reasonable. 







 growth
 and share in the United States are based on data that do not account for certain retailers with whom we do business
 as information from such retailers was not
historically available. However
 we believe these data are reasonable approximations
 and we have no reason to believe that the inclusion of additional retailers in the data collection process would materially change the conclusions we have drawn
from these data. 






 growth
 and share in Europe refer to our competitive position and category size
 growth
 and share only in the nine countries in Europe in which we are primarily focused:
Belgium
 France
 Germany
 Italy
 the Netherlands
 Portugal
 Spain
 Sweden
 and the United Kingdom. For purposes of this prospectus
 our &#147;core geographies&#148; refers to Belgium
 Germany
 the Netherlands
 and the United Kingdom.







categories in U.S. households within the prior 52-week period. Although not a direct measure of household penetration
 these data are generally regarded within our industry as the best available approximation of household penetration. We have no
reason to believe that any other measure of household penetration would materially change our conclusions regarding the U.S. household penetration of our products and categories. 

 International Delight
 Horizon Organic
 Earthbound Farm
 Alpro
 and our other registered or common law trademarks
 service marks
 or
trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 are the property of The WhiteWave Foods Company. Other trademarks
 service marks
 or trade names appearing herein
 including the LAND O LAKES
 Almond Joy
 Cold Stone Creamery
 Cinnabon
Dunkin Donuts
 Green Mountain Coffee
 Hershey&#146;s
 and YORK
 trade names which we license
 are the property of their respective owners. 
 



 






 the &#147;Company&#148;
 &#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148; or &#147;our&#148;) is a leading
consumer packaged food and beverage company focused on high-growth product categories that are aligned with emerging consumer trends. We manufacture
 market
 distribute
 and sell branded plant-based foods and beverages
 coffee creamers and
beverages
 premium dairy and organic greens and produce products throughout North America and Europe. We are pioneers in these product categories

 International Delight
 having #1 or #2
brand positions based on retail sales in the United States
 having a #1 brand position based on retail sales in Europe. Our widely-recognized
 plant-based foods and
beverages
 coffee creamers and beverages
 premium dairy products
 certified organic packaged salad greens
 fruits and vegetables. Our European
Our mission is to create a food and beverage company
that combines the entrepreneurship
 spirit
 principles
 and practices of small food companies with the professionalism
 resources
 and scale of large food companies. We aspire to change the way the world eats for the better by providing consumers
with innovative
 great-tasting food and beverage choices that meet their increasing desires for nutritious
 flavorful
 convenient
 and responsibly produced products. 
In
the past few months
 we have completed several transactions that are consistent with
 and execute on
On
January&nbsp;2
 2014
 we completed the acquisition of Earthbound Farm
 one of the country&#146;s leading organic food brands
 for approximately $600 million in cash. Earthbound Farm is the largest organic produce brand in North America and the
recognized leader in the value-added organic packaged salad category. Earthbound Farm also produces and markets a line of organic fresh fruits and vegetables
 frozen fruits and vegetables
 and dried fruits and snacks. Because the transaction was not
completed until fiscal 2014
 results of operations for the Earthbound Farm business for fiscal 2013 and prior periods are not included in this Form 10-K
 and
 except as expressly stated
 financial information contained in Part I excludes the
On January&nbsp;5
 2014
 we announced that WhiteWave had entered into a joint venture agreement with China
Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (&#147;Mengniu&#148;)
 a leading Chinese dairy company
 to manufacture
 market and sell a range of nutritious products in China. The joint venture will be owned 49% by WhiteWave and 51% by Mengniu. The formation of the
joint venture is subject to various governmental approvals in China
 which are expected to be obtained in the first half of 2014. We also announced that the joint venture has executed an agreement to purchase Yashili Zhengzhou
(&#147;Zhengzhou&#148;)
 a subsidiary of Yashili International Holdings Ltd (&#147;Yashili&#148;)
 whose primary asset is a production facility currently under construction in China where the joint venture intends to manufacture its products.
Mengniu is the majority owner of Yashili. The purchase price for Zhengzhou is expected to be approximately $85 million (RMB 510 million) and the purchase is subject to the formation of the joint venture and approval of the minority shareholders of
Yashili. Each joint venture party&#146;s share of the purchase price for Zhengzhou will be consistent with its ownership interest in the venture. WhiteWave and Mengnui expect to make additional investments to support the start-up and
commercialization of the joint venture. 
 



 

 which offers products in the plant-based foods and beverages
 coffee
creamers and beverages
 premium dairy and organic greens and produce categories throughout North America
 and our Europe segment
 which offers plant-based foods and beverages throughout Europe. For more information about our two reportable segments
and our financial information by geographic area
 see Note 17 &#147;Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information&#148; to our audited consolidated financial statements. 

 including grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 club stores
convenience stores
 and health food stores
 as well as through various away-from-home channels
 including restaurants and foodservice outlets. We believe our products meet a variety of consumer preferences and desires
 and
 as a result
 our brands
have historically performed well for retailers. We believe that our products receive premium shelf placement and have high adoption rates due to our product innovations
 strong brand recognition
 consumer loyalty
 and ongoing collaboration with
retailers. Our core commercial capabilities
 including speed-to-market and an extensive supply chain network
 enable us to achieve and sustain our leading positions and drive growth in our brand platforms. Going forward
 we expect to drive further
sales and growth by strengthening our existing product categories
 expanding our brands into logical adjacent product categories
 focusing on new product development
 and capitalizing on emerging consumer trends. 

 and we believe they represent significant competitive advantages
for us. We continually invest in marketing and promotional activities to build the strength of our brand equities. For example
 from niche soymilk brands into a broad range of plant-based food and beverage
products. Our in-house Research&nbsp;&amp; Development (&#147;R&amp;D&#148;) groups in the U.S. and Europe develop new
 great-tasting products that are responsive to evolving consumer preferences. We have a highly successful track record of
leveraging our capabilities to create and rapidly commercialize new products
 and to build and develop categories and subcategories on a large scale. Examples of our successful product launches include 
 with one-third
fewer calories than the original 
 which we launched in 2013
 in single-serve packages
 which we launched in 2013

Coffee
 which we launched in 2012 and which ranked among the top of all consumer packaged food and beverage launches in the United&nbsp;States in 2012 in terms of retail sales in its first twelve months. In 2012
 we were the first company to
commercialize almond drinks on a large scale in Europe
 capitalizing on the emerging European consumer preference for variety in plant-based dairy alternatives
 and we followed with the launch of hazelnut
 rice and oat drinks and soy non-dairy
We are committed to expanding our business while continuing to support our environment
 communities
 and employees. In our
efforts to produce food responsibly
 we set goals and design our sustainability initiatives to benefit the environment and the communities we serve. We believe our unique corporate culture and commitment to our employees fosters a highly engaged
workforce focused on innovation and the development of new products that offer better choices for people and are better for our communities and the planet. 


 we have successfully identified and acquired high-growth businesses in attractive categories. 







 brand
 which sold the first flavored non-dairy liquid coffee creamer marketed in the United States.







 Dean Foods acquired White Wave
 Inc.
 brand
 and entered into an expanded licensing arrangement with Land O&#146;Lakes
 Inc. to use the

 









 Dean Foods acquired Horizon Organic Holding Corporation
 brand of organic milk and dairy products.&nbsp;In 2004
 Dean Foods consolidated its national brands into WWF
Operating Company.






 WhiteWave expanded its plant-based foods and beverages portfolio by acquiring Alpro
 a leader in plant-based foods and beverages in Europe that
 brand
 also owned

 a leading brand of organic soy-based products distributed in European health food stores. 






 we completed an initial public offering of shares of our Class&nbsp;A common stock
 par value $0.01 per share (the &#147;Class A common stock&#148;)
 and our Class&nbsp;A common stock began trading on
the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol &#147;WWAV.&#148; 






 Dean Foods Company completed its spin-off of WhiteWave into an independent company in two transactions: On May&nbsp;23
 2013
 Dean Foods distributed (the &#147;Distribution&#148;) to its stockholders shares of
our Class&nbsp;A common stock
 and shares of our Class B common stock
 par value $0.01 per share (the &#147;Class B common stock&#148;)
 as a pro rata dividend to Dean Foods stockholders. Effective upon the Distribution
 Dean Foods ceased to own a
majority of our outstanding capital stock. Then
 on July&nbsp;25
 2013
 Dean Foods disposed of all of its remaining shares of our capital stock in a registered public offering. As a result of this offering
 Dean Foods ceased to own any shares of
capital stock of WhiteWave. 






 we expanded our business into a complementary on-trend
 high-growth category &#151; organic greens and produce &#151; with the acquisition of Earthbound Farm. We also announced plans to enter the
Chinese market through a joint venture with a leading Chinese dairy company. See &#147;Recent Developments in the Business
&#148; on p. 2 above
 for additional information regarding these developments. 

 deep knowledge of key drivers in our business and product categories
 track record of innovation
 and core
competency of successfully acquiring and integrating high-growth brands in attractive categories
 we believe that our Company is well positioned for future global growth. 
We compete in
categories that are part of larger food and beverage sectors and that provide us meaningful opportunities for continued growth. Our plant-based foods and beverages and premium dairy products are well positioned within the dairy and dairy
alternatives sector
 which in the United States was estimated to be a $51 billion sector in 2013. These products
 along with our organic greens and produce products
 are also well positioned within the natural and organic sector estimated to have
sales in the United States of $31.5 billion in 2012 (up $2.9 billion from 2011). The growth of the organic sector is outpacing the growth of the overall food and beverage industry and
 within the dairy and dairy alternatives sector
 our share
continues to grow. In addition
 our coffee creamers and beverages continue to benefit from the growth and overall size of the coffee and creamers sector
 which was estimated to be a $11.4 billion sector in the United States in 2013. 

 on-trend categories that stand to benefit from anticipated
sustainable
 strong consumer demand. 

 and
experienced a CAGR of 16% from 2011 to 2013. Category growth was driven by the refrigerated almond-milk segment
 which now accounts for 55% of category dollar sales



nutritional benefits
 such as digestive and heart health
 as well as by the 
 




positioning of these products as low-fat
 low-calorie
 and cholesterol-free dairy alternatives. Moreover
 the variety of products in the plant-based foods and beverages category (including
beverages made from almond
 coconut
 rice
 and other plants) has proliferated within the past five years. Plant-based beverages also enjoy advantaged environmental impact profiles over dairy milk
 particularly in greenhouse gas production and water
use. According to Nielsen
In Europe
plant-based foods and beverages (including soy beverages
 desserts and yogurt and cream alternatives
 almond
 hazelnut
 rice and oat beverages) represented a $1.2 billion category in 2013
 and experienced a CAGR of 7% from 2011 to 2013. Beverages
was the largest segment of the category and accounted for two-thirds of category sales. Similar to the United States&#146; market
 non-soy beverages was the largest driver of growth
 experiencing a 42% CAGR from 2011 to 2013. Because almond and
other types of non-soy beverages are less developed in Europe than in the U.S.
 accounting for approximately 26% of 2013 dollar sales
 we believe there is significant room for growth. Plant-based yogurt continues to experience growth in Europe. It
grew to a $250 million category in 2013
 up 9% from a year ago
 and with a CAGR of 8% from 2011 to 2013. 

 and experienced a CAGR of
8% from 2011 to 2013. The key segments in which we compete also showed significant growth from 2011 to 2013
 including refrigerated iced coffee (150% CAGR)
 flavored refrigerated creamers (10% CAGR)
 and shelf stable liquid creamers (23% CAGR). U.S.
household penetration continues to rise in core creamer&nbsp;&amp; coffee segments: refrigerated ready-to-drink iced coffee has a household penetration of approximately 9% (a growth of 1.3 basis points over 2012)
 and refrigerated flavored creamers
Demand for coffee creamers is driven by rising
coffee consumption
 increasing preference for flavored creamers with coffee and the growth of at-home brewing as consumers seek to enjoy the &#147;coffeehouse&#148; taste at a lower cost. Coffee is currently the most popular beverage in the United
States
 with 72% of consumers over the age of 18 drinking coffee at least once in a 6 month period in 2013
 and 60% of theses consumers drinking coffee daily. (Mintel November 2013) . According to NPD
 47% of in-home coffee drinking occasions were
whitened in 2013
 up from less than 43% 10 years ago. Additionally
 more than 9% of in-home coffee servings were from single cup coffee machines. We believe these trends suggest a continued opportunity to convert consumers to a flavorful
 creamed
cup of coffee
 and that the variety of our coffee creamer products appeals to the eclectic taste preferences of this growing consumer group. 
Our premium dairy
portfolio consists of organic milk
 yogurt
 cheese
 and other premium dairy products. Organic milk represented a $1.3 billion category in the United States in 2013
 and experienced a CAGR of 6% from 2011 to 2013.&nbsp;Shelf stable organic milk
(primarily sold in single serve containers) remains a key growth driver for the category
 experiencing a CAGR of 8% in the same time period. 

organic milk is produced without the use of synthetic pesticides or growth hormones
 has Omega-3s
 which support brain
 heart
 and eye health. Organic milk continues to grow in household
penetration
 gaining 0.7 basis points in the past year to 13.2% of U.S. households. 

 which include organic varieties of packaged salad greens
 lettuce blends and salad kits
 represented a $1.1 billion category in
the United States in 2013. Based on Nielsen data
 the category experienced a CAGR of 16.9% from 2011 to 2013
 driven primarily by growth in tender leaf varieties such as spring mix and baby spinach. 
 




 with
demand for organic produce driven by rising consumer preference for healthful foods without synthetic pesticides and fertilizers. For example
 according to surveys conducted by the Organic Trade Association
 from 2011 to 2013 the percentage of U.S.
produce consumers who reported they always buy organic produce increased from 19% to 28%. In recent years
 organic greens have exhibited favorable growth in household penetration and share of the overall packaged salad market. From 2011 to 2013 (52
weeks ending in March)
 U.S. household penetration of organic packaged salads grew to 22.2%
 at a CAGR of 5.4%
 while household penetration of conventional packaged salads was flat. Over that same period
 organic packaged salad&#146;s share of total
Our Competitive
We believe that the following competitive strengths will enable the Company to achieve sustained growth and profitability:


 coffee creamers and beverages
 premium dairy and organic
greens and produce. These high-growth
 on-trend product categories are aligned with emerging consumer preferences for products that are nutritious
 flavorful
 convenient
 and responsibly produced. As a result
 we believe these product categories
will continue to offer attractive growth opportunities relative to traditional food and beverage categories. We believe that increasing household penetration will be a significant growth driver across all of our product categories. For example
according to Nielsen
 the U.S. household penetration rates of refrigerated organic milk and refrigerated flavored coffee creamers were approximately 13.2% and 36%
 respectively
 as of 2013. Additionally
 according to Nielsen
 the U.S. penetration
rate of refrigerated plant-based beverages was approximately 26% in 2013
 and we believe that in many international geographies these products are not widely available to consumers today. We believe that our coffee creamer and beverage products are
well positioned to continue benefitting from the growing consumption of coffee
 which was the most popular beverage among U.S. consumers in a 2012 National Coffee Drinking Trends study. We also believe there is increasing consumer demand for natural
and organic products
 including organic milk. Furthermore
 the premium dairy category remains underpenetrated
 as organic milk comprised only approximately 7% of total U.S. retail milk dollar sales in 2013. 


 great-tasting
 convenient
 and responsibly produced
products. Our plant-based food and beverage platform
 which includes soy-
 almond-
 coconut-
 hazelnut-
 rice-
 and oat-based choices
 features a variety of flavorful offerings with nutritional qualities that consumers desire. Our coffee creamers
and beverages platform
 brand names
 enables our consumers to enjoy a flavorful
 convenient
 and affordable
&#147;coffeehouse&#148; taste. Our premium dairy portfolio consists of organic milk
 yogurt
 cheese
 and other premium dairy products that appeal to consumers seeking wholesome and nutritious choices for their families. Finally
 our organic greens
and produce platform meets the growing consumer preference for organic
 fresh salads and produce. Our market research function plays an important role in our success
 as we consistently seek and incorporate feedback from our consumers to develop new
Large
 Leading Brands with Significant Scale 

 leading brands with significant retail scale that are well&#150;recognized by consumers
 and that we
believe are important to retailers. We have helped build and develop the categories in which we compete into large and growing categories whose aggregate retail sales were approximately $8 billion in 2012 in the United States and Europe. Within
their respective categories or subcategories
 each of our 
 
 





 brands hold #1 brand positions
 with meaningfully higher shares than those of their nearest respective competitors. For example
 held a 43% share of the subcategory for organic fluid dairy milk in the United States in 2013
 held a 39% share of the
category for plant-based foods and beverages in Europe in 2013
 each share being at least twice that of its closest branded competitor during these time periods. Our commitment to brand building has enabled us to increase awareness and better serve
our consumers
Through our new product innovation
 brand extensions and
expanded distribution
 we have developed sizeable brands
 with 
 
 each generating in excess of $500 million in total net sales in 2013. We expect to further capitalize on the strong
Culture of Innovation
We have established a track record of launching successful new products and effectively commercializing innovation across our
brands in North America and Europe by building and leveraging highly experienced R&amp;D teams. We have consistently made investments in new product development. Throughout our history
 we have leveraged our strong brand equities and our innovation
capabilities to pioneer new products and subcategories. For example
 we either created or largely developed the organic milk
 soymilk
 and flavored non-dairy creamer subcategories and Earthbound Farm largely developed the organic packaged salad
subcategory. All have since grown into sizable
 profitable subcategories in which we maintain strong leadership positions. Our recent successful new product launches include: 






 our North America segment launched several new products
non-dairy yogurts
 

Organic Milk with DHA Omega-3
 TruMoo

 International Delight Iced Coffee Light

 in a single-serve four-pack offering. At the end of 2013
 Classic
 Super and Organic Macaroni&nbsp;&amp; Cheese
 the brand&#146;s
first innovation beyond the refrigerated dairy case. 






 brand
 and in 2013
 our European segment launched new varieties of almond beverages
 along with an
improved rice beverage line. 





 (launched in 2012) broadened our European plant-based yogurt portfolio with a smooth and creamy soy yogurt in several flavors designed to attract consumers seeking an indulgent
non-dairy experience with nutritional benefits
 and 





 (launched in 2013) is attracting new consumers who prefer a more milky tasting soy beverage
 (launched in 2013) diversified our plant-based drinks portfolio even more
with a refreshing drink matching the taste expectation of our consumers. 





 (launched in 2010) expanded the Company&#146;s plant-based beverages platform outside of soy to capitalize on an increasing affinity among consumers for almond-based beverages
 which we
believe is one of the fastest growing subcategories within plant-based foods and beverages. We believe the Company is well positioned to benefit from the growing consumer adoption of almond-based beverages. For example
 
ranked in the top 2% of all consumer packaged food and beverage launches in the United States between 2007 and 2011 in terms of retail sales in the first twelve months. 







(launched in 2007 and
 in
2013
 in single-serve packages) is a nutrient-enhanced organic milk product with a variety of health benefits
 including brain and heart support. 
 



 

 rapidly commercialize
 and efficiently distribute our products. Through
our sales organization
 we strive to cultivate strong
 collaborative relationships with our retail customers that facilitate favorable product placement
 which
 combined with our marketing capabilities and brand strength
 drive high product-turnover
rates. Our strategic distribution network allows us to achieve broad channel reach
 and our extensive production capabilities
 including our extended shelf life manufacturing network in the United States and Europe and our state-of-the-art organic
certified produce processing facility in California
 which is strategically located near premier organic farmland
 position us for continued cost reduction opportunities. We believe our strategic investments in our manufacturing footprint and
diverse network of suppliers will allow us to continue scaling our business into the future. Going forward
 we also believe that we can leverage these core capabilities to continue to pioneer and lead in our categories. 


 on-trend
 innovative products
 and sales
 marketing
 and supply chain capabilities position us to benefit from the growing
global adoption of products in our major categories. In addition
 throughout our history
 we have demonstrated a consistent ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses and their brands. Through these acquisitions
 we have capitalized on
product and category growth trends and expanded our geographic scope. We believe that we can leverage these experiences to take advantage of future global growth opportunities. 


 Gregg Engles
 has 25 years of
management experience in the consumer packaged food and beverage industry. Mr.&nbsp;Engles conceived the idea of a branded dairy alternative business within the Dean Foods portfolio
 and
 under his direction
 our Company was built through a series
of successful acquisitions
 including International Delight in 1997
 Silk in 2002
 Horizon Organic in 2004
 Alpro in 2009 and Earthbound Farm in 2014. Mr.&nbsp;Engles
 Blaine McPeak
 Kelly Haecker
 Edward Fugger and Thomas Zanetich
 among others
were all either founding members of the management team that built WhiteWave by acquiring and integrating its principal brands or early employees who have led its subsequent growth. Bernard Deryckere has led Alpro for over a decade and driven its
leadership in plant-based foods and beverages in Europe. Mr.&nbsp;Engles and the other members of our senior management team average almost two decades of industry experience at leading consumer packaged food and beverage companies. Our management
team has played an integral role in our Company&#146;s success by instilling a culture committed to innovation
 responsibility
 and growth. We believe that our strong leadership and experience acquiring and scaling high-growth businesses will enable
our Company to continue to drive sustained growth and increased profitability. 

favorable category dynamics
 and
 in many cases
 low household penetration. To achieve sustainable growth and profitability
 our strategy encompasses the following: 


core brands by introducing innovative products and expanding our offerings under those established brands to raise consumer awareness of our products&#146; attributes which
 in turn
 will allow us to expand sales to a broader set of consumers and
consumption occasions. We expect to expand the role of our brands even further with our retail customers
 who recognize the accelerated growth that our brands bring to their businesses. For example

PureAlmond
 




 brand
 which we believe originated the refrigerated soymilk subcategory. We will build
upon our strong track record of building categories and brands by continuing to develop and introduce innovative
 on-trend products that further solidify our position as a category leader. 


 capitalizing on emerging trends
 and introducing product
extensions under our brands. Our recent new product launches have allowed us to continue to grow in our existing categories and subcategories and deliver innovative products under trusted brands. For instance

Coffee
 are providing European consumers with access to an increased variety of
great-tasting
 nutritious plant-based beverages. We believe there are attractive opportunities to extend our trusted brands into select adjacent product categories and subcategories. We are committed to leveraging our advanced R&amp;D and commercial
capabilities to further develop and expand our categories and subcategories and deliver innovation that will drive increased consumption of our brands. 


Company-wide cost reduction programs improve operational efficiency through the elimination of excess costs. By realizing savings through these cost reduction programs
 we can reinvest in our business to build our brands and improve our capabilities
as we strive to drive growth and deliver superior service to our retail and foodservice customers. For example
 in the past
 we have delivered cost savings benefits from optimizing our production and distribution capabilities
 as well as from
examining and tailoring our product formulations and our overhead costs. We view the pursuit of opportunities to improve the efficiency of our operations as an essential contributor to our success. 


 on-trend innovative products
 and sales
 marketing
 and supply chain capabilities provide opportunities to expand our
business globally by: 


















Throughout
our history
 we have demonstrated an ability to successfully enter and grow new categories and subcategories and geographies through acquisitions. We acquired Creamiser
 a manufacturer of refrigerated cream and flavor dispensers
 in 2008
 which
enabled our organization to expand into away-from-home channels with a new technology platform aimed at coffee bars. Our acquisition of Alpro in 2009 expanded our business to Europe. Our January 2014 acquisition of Earthbound Farm expanded our
business into an entirely new
 complementary
 high-growth category and gives us a leadership position in the two most popular gateways through which people enter the organic category &#151; produce and dairy. We believe that we can leverage these
experiences to capitalize on future value-enhancing acquisitions and partnerships that complement our portfolio. 

 market
 distribute
 and sell products in four categories: plant-based foods and beverages
 coffee creamers and beverages
premium dairy and organic greens and produce. Each of our product categories has experienced robust organic growth
 which we believe is the result of planned innovation to strategically meet 
 




evolving consumer preferences. For example
 coconutmilk in North America in 2010 and 2011
 respectively
 hazelnut and almond
drinks in Europe in 2012
 iced coffee in 2012
Plant-Based
Foods and Beverages 

 

Our plant-based food and beverage products
 which include soy-
 almond-
 coconut-
 hazelnut-
 rice- and
oat-based choices
 soymilk
 
 coconutmilk and
 soy yogurt. In Europe
 our core geographies are Belgium
 Germany
 the Netherlands
 brands includes soy
 hazelnut
 almond
 rice and oat drinks
 as
well as soy yogurt
 desserts
 soy cream and margarine. Our plant-based foods and beverages have remained innovative to meet evolving consumer preferences. For example
 soymilk product offerings from unsweetened and
plain soymilks to a variety of choices including chocolate
 vanilla
 spoonable soy yogurt range into new choices
 including pourable yogurt and creamy yogurt. Additionally
 our products appeal to
consumers seeking nutritious and responsible choices. For example
 soy products are focused on maintaining digestive and heart health and consuming nutritious
 low-fat
 low-calorie and cholesterol-free alternatives
 soymilk is high in calcium
 low in saturated fat
 and 100% cholesterol-free. Each eight-ounce glass of soymilk contains at least 6.25 grams of soy protein
 which has been recognized by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
Our plant-based foods and beverages have established leading positions in
their categories. For example
 products had a 60% share of the $1.1 billion category for refrigerated plant-based beverages in the United States
 products had a 39% share of the $1.2 billion
North America plant-based foods and beverages accounted for 24.7%
 24.0% and
22.4% of our consolidated net sales during fiscal years 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 and Europe plant-based foods and beverages 
 




accounted for 16.5%
 16.1% and 18.2% of our consolidated net sales during fiscal years 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. 


Our coffee creamers and beverages product portfolio
 which includes coffee creamers and iced coffee
 brand names
 enables our consumers to enjoy a flavorful and convenient &#147;coffeehouse&#148; taste at a lower cost. Our coffee creamers portfolio includes flavored
 healthful

 Cold Stone Creamery
 Cinnabon
 Dunkin Donuts
 Hershey&#146;s

Our coffee creamers and beverages portfolio has captured a significant share of each of its subcategories. For example
 in
 flavored creamers had a 28% share of the $1.7 billion subcategory for flavored creamers within the U.S.
 half&nbsp;&amp; half had a 22% share of the $793 million subcategory for
half&nbsp;&amp; half within the U.S.
Coffee creamers and beverages
accounted for 35.9%
 35.8% and 34.2% of our consolidated net sales during fiscal years 2013
 2012 and 2011. 


Our premium dairy portfolio consists of organic milk
 yogurt
 cheese
 and other premium dairy products
 brand that appeal to consumers seeking wholesome and nutritious choices for their families. We offer a range of premium milk products
 including organic milk varieties containing DHA Omega-3s and fat-free
1% lowfat
 2% reduced fat
 whole
 and lactose-free milk. Our milk products are produced in gallon
 half-gallon
 and single-serve sizes. Our other premium dairy products include a variety of cheeses
 creams
 yogurts
 and butters
 which are primarily
 brand
 as well as aseptic 
 




 products are organic and are produced without the use of synthetic pesticides or growth
Our premium dairy portfolio has established leading positions in many of its subcategories. For example

Premium dairy
accounted for 22.9%
 24.2% and 25.3% of our consolidated net sales during fiscal years 2013
 2012 and 2011. 


The organic greens and produce portfolio of our recently acquired Earthbound Farm business consists of a
broad line of 100% organic foods including packaged salad greens
 fresh and frozen fruits and vegetables
 dried fruit
 brand
 which is recognized as the leading organic produce brand
in North America. We also produce selected products marketed under some of our customers&#146; private labels. We offer an extensive range of produce
 including many different types of cut greens
 pre-cut frozen fruits and vegetables and salad kits
that meet consumers&#146; needs for ingredients for cooking and salad preparation
Organic
packaged salad comprises approximately 65% of our sales in this platform and holds a leading position in its subcategory. For example
 within the U.S. grocery channel
 we have an approximately 45% market share (including private label we produce) in
organic packaged salad and an approximately 55% share of branded organic packaged salad
 a share nearly three times greater than our nearest branded competitor. 
We sell our products
across North America and Europe to a variety of customers
 including grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 club stores
 convenience stores
 and health food stores
 as well as various away-from-home channels
 including restaurants and foodservice
outlets. Our top ten customers together accounted for 51% of our total net sales for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013.&nbsp;Our largest customer is Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 which
 including its subsidiaries such as Sam&#146;s Club
 accounted for
17.5% of our total net sales for the year ended December&nbsp;31
Sales to customers in North America accounted for 84%
 84% and
82% of our total net sales in the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively. 

sales organization strives to cultivate strong
 collaborative relationships with customers that facilitate favorable shelf placement for our products
 which
 we believe
 when combined with our marketing capabilities and our brand strength
 drives
high product turnover rates. Our relationship with a national 
 




broker in the United States serves to provide additional retail customer coverage as a supplement to our direct sales force
 which has contributed to our growth and has allowed us to provide
enhanced service to our customers. Additionally
 in Europe
 we have an extensive network of partners through which we continue to build and grow relationships with customers beyond our core geographies. 
We use a
variety of marketing efforts to build awareness of
 and create demand for
 our products.&nbsp;We employ regional
 national
 and
 for our Europe segment
 international promotions of our brands and products through a variety of media
 including
television and radio advertising
 print media
 coupons
 co-marketing arrangements
 and social media. We build campaigns for our brands around certain themes to strategically appeal to the consumers whom we believe will be attracted to our products.
For example
 in our television
 radio
 and print advertising

 Horizon Organic


. These marketing efforts are enhanced by our internal creative services team
 which provides the ability to collaborate with our brand teams at critical points in the advertising cycle and leads innovation in marketing
through various channels. Finally
 our employees regularly participate in community outreach and charity and sponsorship work.&nbsp;We believe that our community programs and partnerships reinforce our brands&#146; values and build strong and
lasting relationships with consumers. 

 Colorado
 and Wevelgem
 Belgium
 our experienced consumer packaged goods professionals generate and
test new product concepts
 new flavors
 and packaging.&nbsp;For example
 our Broomfield
 Colorado R&amp;D facility includes capabilities in product development
 dairy and plant-based chemistry
 and processing technology
 including extended shelf
life and shelf-stable technologies. We conduct focus group studies and consumer testing of new product concepts in our on-site innovation center
 which provides opportunities to develop product prototypes and marketing strategies with direct
consumer input. Our Wevelgem
 Belgium R&amp;D professionals have extensive experience in developing a broad range of plant-based products
 including plant-based drinks
 yogurts
 desserts and creams. 

 we have integrated innovation as one
of our core strategies
 and hold every business unit accountable for executing against innovation priorities. By doing so
 we have successfully launched innovative and wide-ranging products. 
 


 but also leverages external technical experts for open innovation for new
product ideas and concepts. Additionally
 our R&amp;D teams are actively involved in cost reduction initiatives across all of our brands. See Note 2
 &#147;Summary of Significant Accounting Policies &#151; Research and Development
&#148; for
information about our total R&amp;D expenses. 

Plant-Based Beverages
 Premium Dairy and Coffee Creamers and Beverages
conventional raw milk
 butterfat
 almonds
 organic and non-GMO soybeans
 sweeteners and other commodities. We continuously monitor worldwide supply and cost trends of these raw materials to enable us to take appropriate action to obtain the
ingredients and packaging we need for production. Although the prices of our principal raw materials fluctuate
 based on adverse weather
 the economy
 and other conditions
 we believe such raw materials to be generally available from numerous
sources. For example
 we source almost all of the raw organic milk for our premium dairy products from our network of nearly 600 family farmers throughout the United States. 
 




production facilities
 three distribution centers
 and three strategic co-packers in the United States
 and we manufacture approximately 63% of our North American product volume internally. Our advanced production capabilities provide us with
applications of technology in ESL and aseptic processing
 gable-top
 plastic
 aseptic
 single-serve and portion control packaging
 cultured processing
 and allergen management functions. 

inherent in our distribution network allows us to quickly and efficiently service our customers&#146; needs. In the past
 we have leveraged our distribution network to reduce our overall costs
 and we believe that there is further potential for cost
In addition
 we have a strategic supply chain
footprint across Europe. We utilize three manufacturing plants and a limited number of co-packers. Our facilities located in the United Kingdom
 Belgium and France produce a broad range of soy drinks
 yogurts
 desserts
 and creams
 representing
approximately 93% of our total Europe segment&#146;s production volumes
 with the remainder produced by third-party co-packers. Raw materials used in our products include organic and conventional non-GMO soybeans
 almond and hazelnut ingredients
sweeteners and other commodities
 all of which are submitted to strict control measures
 traceability of our raw materials and external certification. We apply proprietary soybean de-hulling
 base milk manufacturing
 and yogurt fermentation
technologies in our production processes
 which we believe results in better taste and high product yields for our products. Furthermore
 we also have a broad commercial partner network across Europe
 which complements our own sales organizations in
the United Kingdom
 Belgium
 Germany
 and the Netherlands
Organic
Greens and Produce.
with independent growers
 we purchase fresh produce at the time of harvest and we generally are responsible for harvesting and transporting the product to our central cooling and processing facility in San Jan Bautista
 California. Lettuce and leafy
greens are extremely sensitive to temperature and humidity. Once harvested
 the produce is promptly cooled and shipped in temperature-controlled trucks to our processing and distribution facility
 where it is inspected
 processed
 packaged and boxed
for shipment. Orders for value-added salads and other fresh-cut produce are shipped quickly after processing
 primarily to customer distribution centers or third-party distributors for further redistribution. 


 we have adopted robust production and safety protocols at numerous points in our production process and supply chain to
ensure the safety and quality of our products. For example
 our contracts with our farmers and suppliers contain strict standards for quality
 and we periodically audit certification compliance. We also test our raw materials in hazard analysis and
at critical control points to review and isolate any high risk materials. For example
 raw organic milk is tested for impurities and antibiotics
 and
 prior to release for sale
 is tested for the presence of pathogens and allergens. For our fresh
greens
 we perform raw material testing in the fields
Intellectual Property
We are continually developing new technology and enhancing proprietary technology related to our dairy and plant-based
operations.&nbsp;As of January&nbsp;31
 2014
 10 U.S. and five international patents have been issued to us
 and six U.S. and 15 international patent applications are pending or published.&nbsp;We rely on a combination of trademarks
 patents
 trade
dress
 copyrights
 trade secrets
 confidentiality procedures
 and contractual provisions to protect our brands
 technology
 know-how and other intellectual property rights. Our trademarks are valuable assets of the company and are material to our
business. As of January&nbsp;31
 2014
 the company owns 420 trademark applications and registrations around the world
 consisting of 105 properties in the United States and 315 internationally. The company also owns and maintains approximately 250
domain names worldwide. 
 





LAKES

 Cold Stone Creamery
 Cinnabon
 Dunkin Donuts
 Green Mountain Coffee
 Hershey&#146;s

 on certain of our products. In addition
 we have a license agreement with DSM Nutritional Products
 the owner of
Martek Biosciences Corporation
 to use products covered by patents for supplementing certain of our premium dairy and soy products with DHA Omega-3. 

 it may be possible for unauthorized parties to copy
 obtain
 or use certain portions of our proprietary technology
or trademarks. Such unauthorized use could reduce the value of our products and brands
 or have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 
We operate in a highly
competitive environment and face competition in each of our product categories and subcategories.&nbsp;We have numerous competitors of varying sizes
 including manufacturers of private label products
 as well as manufacturers of other branded food
products
 which compete for trade merchandising support and consumer dollars. We compete with large conventional consumer packaged foods companies such as Group Danone
 General Mills
 Inc.
 Kraft Foods Group
 Inc.
 and Nestle S.A. We also compete
with natural and organic consumer packaged foods companies such as The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 Annie&#146;s Inc.
 and Organic Valley. Competitors of our Earthbound Farm business include Dole Food Company
 Ready Pac and Taylor Farms
 who also
Competitive factors in our industry include product quality and taste
 brand awareness and
loyalty
 product variety and ingredients
 interesting or unique product names
 product packaging and package design
 shelf space
 reputation
 price
 advertising
 promotional efforts
 and nutritional claims. We believe that we currently compete
effectively with respect to each of these factors. 

 environmentally sustainable
 and socially responsible manner. In North America
 our
environmental efforts include setting clear goals against base years for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions
 water use
 and waste
 and in Europe
 we have adopted packaging that is designed to allow for greater possibilities of recycling
acted to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from our operations
 and we continue to execute initiatives to lower energy consumption and optimize our transportation network to reduce the distance traveled by our raw materials and products. Through our
Values in Action program in North America
 we encourage our employees to improve the communities and environment in which we operate through volunteerism
 community involvement
 and environmental events and initiatives that align with our values.
For example
 we have a long-standing partnership with a hunger relief organization in Colorado. In 2013
 as part of an annual fundraiser
 WhiteWave provided more than 880
000 meals to families in need based on employee contributions and the
Company&#146;s matching contribution of $1.50 for every dollar raised. We are also driving positive change in Europe. Alpro is the first European food company to participate in the World Wildlife Fund Climate Savers program
 which brings leading
businesses together to develop ambitious plans aimed at significantly reducing greenhouse gas emissions. In 2013
 Alpro contributed &#128;60
000 to this program. In addition
 our European business founded the Alpro Social Fund in 2013 to support
initiatives of charitable organizations in which Alpro employees and their families are directly and actively involved or in which the local Alpro business is directly involved
 such as helping people who are experiencing financial difficulties due
to circumstances such as a serious disease. We believe that our customers
 consumers
 and suppliers value our efforts to operate in an ethical
 environmentally sustainable
 and socially responsible manner. 
Demand for our products is
generally evenly distributed throughout the year. 
 



 

 2014
 we employed approximately 3
900 people worldwide
 of which approximately 18% were covered by collective bargaining
agreements or works council representation. We believe that our employee relations are good. 


 we are subject to a number of food-related regulations
 including the Federal
Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA.&nbsp;This comprehensive regulatory framework governs the manufacture (including composition and ingredients)
 labeling
 packaging
 and safety of food in the United
States. The FDA: 













 including many of the products we sell; and 







 the FDA enforces the Public Health Service Act and regulations issued thereunder
 which authorizes regulatory activity necessary
to prevent the introduction
 transmission
 or spread of communicable diseases. These regulations require
 for example
 pasteurization of milk and milk products. The FDA is also implementing the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011
 which
 among
other things
 mandates that the FDA adopt preventative controls to be implemented by food facilities in order to minimize or prevent hazards to food safety.&nbsp;We are subject to numerous other federal
 state
 and local regulations involving such
matters as the licensing and registration of manufacturing facilities
 enforcement by government health agencies of standards for our products
 inspection of our facilities
 and regulation of our trade practices in connection with the sale of our
products. In response to recent food-borne illness events
 FDA scrutiny of the food and beverage industry has increased
 which has required food and beverage companies to dedicate additional resources to the areas regulated by the FDA. 

 in Europe
 we are subject to the laws and regulatory authorities of the foreign jurisdictions in which we manufacture and sell
our products
 including the European Food Safety Authority which supports the European Commission
 as well as country
 province
 state
 and local regulations. 

freshness are essential to the successful distribution of our products. To monitor product quality at our facilities
 we maintain quality control programs to test products during various processing stages
 and in some cases we use certified
third-party laboratories to supplement our internal testing capabilities. We believe that our facilities and manufacturing practices are in material compliance with all government regulations applicable to our business. 


 including regulations issued pursuant to the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Act. These
regulations require us to comply with certain manufacturing safety standards to protect our employees from accidents. We believe that we are in material compliance with all employee safety regulations applicable to our business. 


 regulations
 and directives
 including the Food Quality Protection Act of 1996
 the Clean Air
Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
 the Federal Insecticide
 Fungicide and Rodenticide Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 
 




Compensation and Liability Act. Our production facilities use a number of chemicals that are considered to be &#147;extremely&#148; hazardous substances pursuant to applicable environmental laws
due to their toxicity
 including ammonia
 which is used extensively in our operations as a refrigerant. These and other chemicals used in our operations must be handled
 stored
 and disposed in accordance with applicable environmental requirements
including those governing
 among other things
 air emissions and the discharge of wastewater and other pollutants
 the use of refrigerants
 the handling and disposal of hazardous materials
 and the cleanup of contamination in the environment. Also
on occasion
 certain of our facilities discharge biodegradable wastewater into municipal waste treatment facilities in excess of levels allowed under local regulations. As a result
 certain of our facilities are required to pay wastewater surcharges
or to construct wastewater pretreatment facilities. To date
 such wastewater surcharges have not had a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations 

 we maintain aboveground and
underground petroleum storage tanks at some of our facilities. We periodically inspect these tanks to determine whether they are in compliance with applicable regulations
 and
 as a result of such inspections
 we are required to make expenditures
from time to time to ensure that these tanks remain in compliance. In addition
 upon removal of the tanks
 we are sometimes required to make expenditures to restore the site in accordance with applicable environmental laws. To date
 such
In the United States
 portions of our
fresh fruit and vegetable farm properties are irrigated by surface water supplied by local government agencies using facilities financed by federal or state agencies
 as well as from underground sources. Water received through federal facilities is
subject to acreage limitations under the 1982 Reclamation Reform Act. Worldwide
 the quantity and quality of water supplies varies depending on weather conditions and government regulations. We believe that under normal conditions these water
We believe that we are in material compliance with the environmental regulations
applicable to our business. We do not expect the cost of our continued compliance to have a material impact on our capital expenditures
 earnings
 cash flows
 or competitive position in the foreseeable future. In addition
 any asset retirement
obligations are not material. 

skim milk
The federal government&#146;s minimum prices vary depending on the
processor&#146;s geographic location or sales area and the type of product manufactured. Federal minimum prices change monthly. Class I butterfat and raw skim milk prices (which are the minimum prices for raw milk that is processed into Class I
products such as fluid milk) and Class II raw milk prices (which are the minimum prices for raw milk that is processed into Class&nbsp;II products such as half&nbsp;&amp; half and cottage cheese products) for each month are announced by the federal
Some states have established their own rules for determining minimum prices for raw milk. In
addition to the federal or state minimum prices
 we also may pay producer premiums
 procurement costs
 and other related charges that vary by location and supplier. While we are subject to federal government regulations that establish minimum prices
for milk
 the&nbsp;prices we pay producers of organic raw milk are generally well above such minimum prices
 as organic milk production is generally more costly
 and organic milk therefore commands a price premium. 


 state
 and local levels. At the federal level
 the
FDA has authority to review product labeling
 and the Federal Trade Commission may review labeling and advertising materials
 including online and television advertisements to determine if 
 




advertising materials are misleading. Similarly
 many states review dairy product labels to determine whether they comply with applicable state laws. In addition
 the European Union has issued
and enforces rules governing foodstuff labeling
 nutrition
 and health claims. We believe we are in material compliance with all labeling laws and regulations applicable to our business. 


thereunder by the National Organic Program
 based on recommendations from the National Organic Standards Board
 as well as similar agencies and laws in the European Union and the European countries in which we sell these products. These regulations
require strict methods of production for organic food products and limit the ability of food processors to use non-organic or synthetic materials in the production of organic foods or in the raising of organic livestock. We believe that we are in
material compliance with the organic regulations applicable to our business. 

Gathering
 Analysis and Retrieval (&#147;EDGAR&#148;) system. You may read and copy any reports
 statements or other information that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the SEC&#146;s Public Reference Room at 100&nbsp;F Street
N.E.
 Washington D.C. 20549. You can request copies of these documents
 upon payment of a duplicating fee
 by writing to the SEC. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the Public Reference Room. The SEC
maintains an Internet site that contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information regarding companies that file electronically with the SEC through EDGAR. The address of this Internet site is 
 our Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K and Current Reports
on Form&nbsp;8-K
 and will make available our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange
Act&#148;)
 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with
 or furnish it to
 the SEC. Reference to our website is an inactive textual reference only. Information provided on our website is not part of this report
or any other report we file with
 or furnish to
If you would like hard copies of any of our filings with the SEC
 write or call
us at: 


 Suite 1000 

 CO 80202 


The
following table sets forth the name
 age
 and position of each of our executive officers as of February&nbsp;1
 2014: 








































 Alpro








 WhiteWave








 Earthbound Farm








 Strategy and Corporate Development








 General Counsel








 Human Resources

 



 

served as the Chief Executive Officer of Dean Foods Company
 a leading food and beverage company and former parent company of WhiteWave
 from the formation of Dean Foods in October 1994 until WhiteWave&#146;s initial public offering in October 2012.
Mr.&nbsp;Engles also serves on the board of trustees of Dartmouth College
 where he serves on the Student Affairs Committee and the Advancement Committee
 and on the board of directors of the Grocery Manufacturers of America
 where he serves on the
Executive Committee. He previously served as a director and as Chairman of the Board of Dean Foods and on the board of directors of Treehouse Foods
 Inc. 


Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of WWF Operating Company
 the primary North American subsidiary of the Company.&nbsp;Prior to joining WhiteWave
 Mr.&nbsp;Haecker held senior management roles at The Gillette Company
 a global consumer
goods company
 from 2001 to 2006
 including as head of finance for The Gillette Company&#146;s Duracell battery division and most recently as Vice President
 Finance of The Gillette Company&#146;s European Commercial Operations. Mr.&nbsp;Haecker
previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Mother&#146;s-Archway Cookie Company
 a producer and distributor of cookies in the United States
 from 1996 to 2001
 and as Vice President and Corporate Controller of
Specialty Foods Corporation
 a diversified branded food company
 from 1995 to 1996. Mr.&nbsp;Haecker began his career in the Commercial Audit and Financial Consulting Division of Arthur Andersen LLP. 
Bernard P.J. Deryckere&#151;Chief Executive Officer
 Alpro 

 Alpro
 when we acquired Alpro
 a European manufacturer of branded plant-based
foods and beverages
 in 2009. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer of the Alpro Soya Food division of Vandemoortele Group Europe
 from September 2001 to 2009
 and before that held numerous leadership positions at Unilever
 a consumer
goods company
 and Henkel
 a consumer goods company. Mr.&nbsp;Deryckere was Marketing Director for Unilever Portugal from 1993 to 1995; European Category Director for Unilever&#146;s European Business Group Lipton Ready to Drink Beverages from 1995
to 1998; and General Manager for Unilever&#146;s Bakery Business
 covering Belgium
 the Netherlands
 Luxembourg
 and France
 from 1998 to 2000. Immediately prior to joining Alpro
 Mr.&nbsp;Deryckere was Chief Executive Officer for Unilever Bestfoods
Scandinavia. Mr.&nbsp;Deryckere is also a director of several industry associations
 including the Belgilux Association of Branded Products Manufacturers and the Flemish Chamber of Commerce (Voka). He is also President of the European Natural Soy
Blaine E. McPeak&#151;President
 WhiteWave 

 WhiteWave
 since 2009. He joined WhiteWave in 2007 as the President of Horizon Organic and
 in 2008
was named President of the 
 
 U.K. businesses. Prior to joining WhiteWave
 Mr.&nbsp;McPeak held several senior management roles at Kellogg Company
 a consumer packaged food company
 from
1994 to 2007. In leading its Wholesome Snack division
 Frozen Foods division
 and Kashi Company
 he oversaw strategy and delivery of financial performance for sales
 marketing
 finance
 supply chain
 and R&amp;D functions/units. Mr.&nbsp;McPeak
began his career in the food business at Sara Lee Corporation
 a global consumer products company. He also serves on the Industry Affairs Council of the Grocery Manufacturers Association and on the Advisory Board for the University of Wisconsin
School of Business
 Center for Brand and Product Management. 
 



Kevin C. Yost&#151;President
 Earthbound Farm 

 Earthbound Farm since January 2014. Mr.&nbsp;Yost was employed by Dean
Foods Company from 2010 through 2012
 where he served as President of Morningstar Foods from September 2010 to January 2013
 and as Senior Vice President and General Manager
 ESL of Morningstar from March 2010 to September 2010. After Dean Foods
Company sold the Morningstar business to Saputo
 Inc.
 a global food and beverage company
 in January 2013
 Mr.&nbsp;Yost served as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Dairy Foods Division (USA) of Saputo
 Inc. until December 2013. Prior to
that
 Mr.&nbsp;Yost served as Managing Partner of Belle Camp Associates
 LLC
 a consulting firm
 where he led private equity-owned companies from November 2007 to February 2010; as Executive Vice President of Swift&nbsp;&amp; Company
 a meat protein
processor and marketer
 where he led global commercial activities
 including sales and supply chain from 2002 to 2007; and in several senior operating and general management positions at ConAgra Foods
 one of North America&#146;s largest packaged
food companies
Edward F. Fugger&#151;Executive Vice President
 Strategy and Corporate Development 

 Strategy and Corporate Development since August 2012. He previously served as Senior
Vice President
 Corporate Development of Dean Foods Company
 a leading food and beverage company and former parent company of WhiteWave
 from 2007 to August 2012 and as Vice President
 Corporate Development of Dean Foods from 2004 to 2007. Prior to
that
 Mr.&nbsp;Fugger served as a Managing Director in the Mergers and Acquisition Group of Bear
 Stearns&nbsp;&amp; Co. Inc.
 a global investment bank
 and held various positions while working across industries on mergers and acquisitions and debt
Roger E.
Theodoredis&#151;Executive Vice President
Mr.&nbsp;Theodoredis has served as Executive Vice
President
 General Counsel and Secretary since August 2012 and served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the WhiteWave division of Dean Foods Company from 2005 to August 2012. Prior to joining WhiteWave
 Mr.&nbsp;Theodoredis served as
Vice President and Senior Counsel at Bristol-Myers Squibb
 a global biopharmaceutical company
 from 2002 to 2005
 during which time he was lead counsel for Mead Johnson Nutrition Company
 Bristol-Myers Squibb&#146;s infant-formula division. Prior to
that
 Mr.&nbsp;Theodoredis spent 11 years in the legal department of Chiquita Brands International
 Inc.
 a producer and distributor of bananas and other produce
 most recently as Assistant General Counsel. While at Chiquita
 Mr.&nbsp;Theodoredis
helped to coordinate the preparation of and filing of proxy materials
 and advised on the legal aspects of the company&#146;s North American and international business units
 and its information systems
 intellectual property
 human resources
 and
Thomas N. Zanetich&#151;Executive Vice President
 Human Resources 

 Human Resources
 since August 2012. He joined WhiteWave in 2006 as Senior Vice
President
 Human Resources of WhiteWave and
 in February&nbsp;2011
 was promoted to Executive Vice President
 Human Resources of Dean Foods Company
 a leading food and beverage company and former parent company of WhiteWave. Prior to joining Dean
Foods
 Mr.&nbsp;Zanetich was a Vice President of Human Resources for Kraft/Nabisco where he led a team of 40 human resources professionals serving a $26 billion organization with 15
000 employees. Mr.&nbsp;Zanetich was employed by Kraft for 20
years
 during which time he served as a senior human resources advisor and led numerous staffing
 employee relations
 organizational development
 and performance initiatives. His early experience includes managing human resources teams for Nabisco
There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors
 by blood
 marriage
 or adoption
except that Mr.&nbsp;Haecker and Mr.&nbsp;Yost are first cousins. 
 






In evaluating and understanding us and our business
you should carefully consider the risks described below
 in conjunction with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations&#148; contained in Part II
 Item&nbsp;7. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of
 or that we currently believe are not material
 may become
important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 and future prospects could be materially
Our product categories face a high level of competition
 which could negatively impact our sales and
We face significant competition in each of our product categories. Competition in our product categories
is based on product innovation
 product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and our ability to identify and satisfy consumer tastes and preferences. We believe that our brands have
benefited in many cases from being the first to introduce products in their categories
 and their success has attracted competition from other food and beverage companies that produce branded products
 as well as from private label competitors. Some
of our competitors
 such as Groupe Danone
 General Mills
 Inc.
 Kraft Foods Group
 Inc.
 Nestle S.A.
 Chiquita Brands International
 Inc. and Dole Food Company
 Inc. have substantial financial and marketing resources. These competitors and others
may be able to introduce innovative products more quickly or market their products more successfully than we can
 which could cause our growth rate in certain categories to be slower than we have forecasted and could cause us to lose sales. 

 particularly in our premium dairy and organic greens and produce categories
 with producers of non-organic products
 which
usually have lower production costs. As a result
 non-organic producers may be able to offer conventional products to customer at lower costs than organic products. This could cause us to lower our prices
 resulting in lower profitability or
 in the
alternative
 cause us to lose market share if we fail to lower prices. Furthermore
 private label competitors are generally able to sell their products at lower prices because private label products typically have lower marketing costs than their
branded counterparts. If our products fail to compete successfully with other branded or private label offerings in the industry
 demand for our products and our sales volumes could be negatively impacted. 

 due to high levels of competition in our product categories
 certain of our key retailers may demand price concessions on our
products or may become more resistant to price increases for our products. Increased price competition and resistance to price increases have had
 and may continue to have
 a negative effect on our results of operations. 


 in part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy of leveraging our existing brands and
products to drive increased sales. Our ability to implement this strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to: 

























 
















 and our sales and income growth rates may not be sustainable over time. Our
sales and results of operations will be negatively affected if we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful. 
If we fail to anticipate and respond to changes in consumer preferences
 demand for our products could decline. 

offer products that appeal to these shifting preferences. Factors that may affect consumer tastes and preferences include: 






 such as the sugar
 fat
 protein
 fiber or calorie content of different foods and beverages; 







 such as sugar
 other sweeteners
 dairy
 soybeans
 nuts
 oils
 vitamins
 fiber and minerals; 







 particularly among young people; and 





If
consumer demand for our products declines
We are subject to the
risk of product contamination and product liability claims
 which could harm our reputation
 force us to recall products and incur substantial costs. 

unauthorized third parties
 misbranding
 product contamination or spoilage
 including the presence of foreign objects
 substances
 chemicals
 other agents
 or residues introduced during the growing
 storage
 handling or transportation phases. We
also may be subject to liability if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations
 including environmental
 health
 and safety requirements
 or in the event our products cause injury
 illness
 or death. For example
 our organic
greens and produce products are subject to quality control processes
 including washing
 but it is not possible to ensure that the products are free from pathogenic organisms because the products are not pasteurized. In the fall of 2006
 a third
party recalled certain packaged fresh spinach sold to Earthbound Farm and others due to contamination by E. coli O157:H7. Although Earthbound Farm maintained insurance to cover recall losses
 the insurance did not cover all losses incurred by this
In addition
 our product advertising
could make us the target of claims relating to false or deceptive advertising under U.S. federal and state laws
 including the consumer protection statutes of some states
 or laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate. For example
 we were
named in a putative class action mislabeling complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California in September 2011
 which was followed by similar actions filed in five additional jurisdictions. All of these suits
allege generally that we lack scientific substantiation for certain product claims related to our 

 consumer fraud
 or other legal judgment against us or a widespread product recall would negatively impact our
profitability. Moreover
 claims or liabilities of this sort might not be covered by insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others. Even if a product 
 




liability
 consumer fraud
 or other claim is found to be without merit or is otherwise unsuccessful
 the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our products or processes could
materially and adversely affect our reputation and brand image
 particularly in categories that are promoted as having strong health and wellness credentials. Any loss of consumer confidence in our product ingredients or in the safety and quality of
The loss of any of our largest customers could negatively impact our sales
Our largest customer
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 and its subsidiaries
 including Sam&#146;s Club
 accounted
for 17.5% of our total net sales in 2013
 and our top 10 customers
 collectively
 accounted for 51% of our total net sales in 2013 (in each case excluding sales by Earthbound Farm). We do not generally enter into written agreements with our
customers
 and where such agreements exist
 they are generally terminable at will by the customer. In addition
 our customers sometimes award contracts based on competitive bidding
 which could result in lower profits for contracts we win and the
loss of business for contracts we lose. The loss of any large customer for an extended period of time could negatively affect our sales and results of operations. 


 in recent years
 growth in our business has resulted primarily
from the strength of these products. Our financial success is directly dependent on consumer and customer perception of our brands
 including 
International Delight
 LAND O LAKES
 Horizon Organic
 Earthbound Farm

. The success of our brands may suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand&#146;s image or its ability to attract consumers or if consumer or customer perceptions of our
brands or our products change unfavorably. In addition
 the reputation of our brands may suffer if any trademarks associated with our products are perceived negatively by consumers or customers. For example
 certain of our products are marketed
under trademarks we have licensed from third parties
 such as 

 Cold Stone Creamery
 Cinnabon
 Dunkin Donuts
 Green Mountain Coffee
 Hershey&#146;s

 and we are unable to control
the quality of other products that third parties produce and market under those trademarks and trade names. Our results of operations could be negatively affected if the reputation of one or more of our brands suffers damage due to real or perceived
quality issues with our products
We may not be able to
successfully complete strategic acquisitions
 establish joint ventures
We have grown and
intend to continue to grow our business in part through the acquisition of new brands and the establishment of joint ventures in the United States
 in Europe
 and globally. We cannot be certain that we will successfully be able to: 







 growth potential
 strengths
 weaknesses
 contingent and other liabilities
 and potential profitability;


















Acquired companies or brands may not achieve the
level of sales or profitability that justify our investment in them
 or an acquired company may have unidentified liabilities for which we
 as a successor owner
 may be responsible. These transactions typically involve a number of risks and present
financial and other challenges
 including the existence of unknown disputes
 liabilities
 or contingencies and changes in the industry
 location
 or regulatory or political environment in which these investments are located
 that may arise after
entering into such arrangements. 
 




the acquired brands or products into our existing operations. For example
 we recently acquired Earthbound Farm and are working to effectively manage the operations of the acquired business with our existing business and ensure consistent standards
of operations. We may experience difficulty entering new categories or geographies
 integrating new products into our product mix
 integrating an acquired brand&#146;s distribution channels and sales force
 achieving anticipated cost savings
 or
retaining key personnel and customers of the acquired business. Integrating an acquired brand into our existing operations requires management resources and may divert management&#146;s attention from our day-to-day operations. If we are not
successful in integrating the operations of acquired brands
 or in executing strategies and business plans related to our joint ventures
 our business could be negatively affected. 

 incur debt
 or issue equity
 equity-linked
 or debt securities to pay for any such acquisition
 any of which could
adversely affect our financial results. Furthermore
 the tax matters agreement that we entered into with Dean Foods in connection with our initial public offering contains limitations on our ability to issue equity or equity-linked securities and
incur debt. In order to maintain the tax-free status of Dean Foods&#146; spin-off of us
 for a period of two years after the Distribution we are subject to some restrictions in our ability to issue
 sell
 redeem
 or repurchase stock or other
securities (including securities convertible into our stock) and to effect a merger of the Company or one of our subsidiaries into another entity. 


in product development is affected by our ability to anticipate consumer preferences
 to leverage our R&amp;D technical capabilities
 and to utilize our management&#146;s ability to launch new or improved products successfully and on a
cost-effective basis. Furthermore
 the development and introduction of new products requires substantial R&amp;D and marketing expenditures
 which we may not be able to finance or which we may be unable to recover if the new products do not achieve
commercial success and gain widespread market acceptance. If we are unsuccessful in our product innovation efforts and demand for our existing products declines
 our business could be negatively affected. 
Reduced availability of raw materials and other inputs
 as well as increased costs for our raw materials and other inputs
 could
Our business depends heavily on raw materials and other inputs
 such as conventional and organic raw milk
butterfat
 almonds
 organic and non-genetically modified (&#147;non-GMO&#148;) soybeans
 sweeteners
 and organic salad greens and produce
 used in the production of our products and commodities
 such as packaging
 utilities
 natural gas
 resin and
petroleum-based products
 used in the packaging and distribution of our products. Our raw materials are generally sourced from third-party suppliers
 and we are not assured of continued supply
 pricing
 or exclusive access to raw materials from any
of these suppliers. In addition
 a substantial portion of our raw materials are agricultural products
 which are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frost
 earthquakes
 and pestilence. Adverse
weather conditions and natural disasters also can lower dairy and crop yields and reduce supplies of these ingredients or increase their prices. Other events that adversely affect our third-party suppliers and that are out of our control could also
impair our ability to obtain the raw materials and other inputs that we need in the quantities and at the prices that we desire. Such events include problems with our suppliers&#146; businesses
 finances
 labor relations
 costs
 production
insurance
 and reputation. Over the past several years
 we have experienced increased costs as a result of weather conditions and other events outside our and our suppliers&#146; control and this may continue given recent weather conditions
 which
The organic ingredients (including milk
 organic salad greens and produce
 other dairy-related
products
 and soybeans) and non-GMO ingredients for our products are less plentiful and available from fewer suppliers than 
 




their conventional counterparts. Competition with other manufacturers in the procurement of organic and non-GMO product ingredients may increase in the future if consumer demand for organic and
non-GMO products increases. In addition
 the dairy industry continues to experience periodic imbalances between supply and demand for organic raw milk. Industry regulation and the costs of organic farming compared to costs of conventional farming
can impact the supply of organic raw milk in the market. Oversupply levels of organic raw milk can increase competitive pressure on our products and pricing
 while supply shortages can cause product shortages and higher costs to us. Cost increases
in raw materials and other inputs could cause our profits to decrease significantly compared to prior periods
 as we may be unable to increase our prices to offset the increased cost of these raw materials and other inputs. If we are unable to
obtain raw materials and other inputs for our products or offset any increased costs for such raw materials and inputs
 our business could be negatively affected. 
Adverse weather conditions
 natural disasters
 crop disease
 pests and other natural conditions can impose significant costs and losses
Agricultural products are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions
 including drought and temperature extremes
floods and windstorms
 which are quite common but difficult to predict. For example
 much of the state of California is experiencing extreme drought
 which could impact the availability and cost of our raw materials
 including almonds. Agricultural
products also are vulnerable to crop disease and to pests
 which may vary in severity and effect
 depending on the stage of production at the time of infection or infestation
 the type of treatment applied and climatic conditions. Unfavorable
growing conditions caused by these factors can reduce both crop size and crop quality and
 in extreme cases
 entire harvests may be lost. These factors may result in lower sales volume and
 in the case of farms we manage
 increased costs due to
expenditures for additional farming techniques
 the repair of infrastructure and the replanting of damaged or destroyed crops. Incremental costs
 including transportation
 may also be incurred if we need to find alternate short-term supplies of
lettuce or other produce from other growers. These factors can increase costs
 decrease revenues and lead to additional charges to earnings
 which may have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.
Failure to maintain sufficient internal production capacity or to enter into co-packing agreements on terms that are beneficial for
The success
of our business depends
 in part
 on maintaining a strong production platform and we rely on internal production resources and third-party co-packers to fulfill our manufacturing needs. Certain of our manufacturing plants are operating at high rates
of utilization
 and we may need to expand our production facilities or increase our reliance on third parties to provide manufacturing and supply services
 commonly referred to as &#147;co-packing&#148; agreements
 for a number of our products. A
failure by our co-packers to comply with food safety
 environmental
 or other laws and regulations may disrupt our supply of products. In addition
 we have experienced
 and expect to continue to experience
 increased distribution and warehousing
costs due to capacity constraints resulting from our growth. If we need to enter into additional co-packing
 warehousing or distribution agreements in the future
 we can provide no assurance that we would be able to find acceptable third party
providers or enter into agreements on satisfactory terms or at all. Our inability to maintain sufficient internal capacity or establish satisfactory co-packing
 warehousing and distribution arrangements could limit our ability to operate our
business or implement our strategic growth plan
 and could negatively affect our sales volumes and results of operations. In addition
 we may need to expand our internal capacity
 which would increase our operating costs and could require
significant capital expenditures. If we cannot maintain sufficient production
 warehousing and distribution capacity
 either internally or through third party agreements
 we may be unable to meet customer demand and/or our manufacturing
distribution and warehousing costs may increase
 which could negatively affect our business. 
 



An economic downturn could negatively affect our sales and results of operations.
The branded food and beverage industry is sensitive to changes in international
 national
 and local economic conditions. The
most recent economic downturn has had an adverse effect on consumer spending patterns. Consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced or private label products or forego certain purchases altogether. They may also reduce the number of organic and
premium products that they purchase because organic and premium products generally have higher retail prices than their conventional counterparts. Lower consumer demand resulting from an economic downturn could decrease our sales volumes and
Disruption of our supply or distribution chains could adversely affect our business.
Damage or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 environmental
incident
 terrorism
 pandemic
 strikes
 the financial or operational instability of key suppliers
 distributors
 warehousing
 and transportation providers
 or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products. For
example
 the loss of any of Alpro&#146;s distribution partners for local representation in Europe could negatively affect our business. In addition
 all of our organic greens and produce products are processed in a single facility
 and damage or
disruption to this facility could impair our ability to process and sell those products. If we are unable or it is not financially feasible to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 our business and results of operations could
Our earnings are sensitive to
Excess supply can cause significant price competition in our
businesses. Growing conditions in various parts of the world
 particularly weather conditions such as windstorms
 floods
 droughts and freezes
 as well as diseases and pests
 are primary factors affecting market prices because of their influence on
Some of our products are highly perishable and generally must be brought to market and sold soon after
harvest. Some items
 such as lettuce
 must be sold more quickly
 while other items can be held in cold storage for longer periods of time. The selling price received for each type of product depends on all of these factors
 including the
availability and quality of the products in the market
In addition
general public perceptions regarding the quality
 safety or health risks associated with particular food products could reduce demand and prices for some of our products. To the extent that consumer preferences evolve away from products that we
produce for health or other reasons
 and we are unable to modify our products or to develop products that satisfy new consumer preferences
 there will be a decreased demand for our products. However
 even if market prices are unfavorable
 produce
items which are ready to be
 or have been
 harvested must be brought to market promptly. A decrease in the selling price received for our products due to the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of
Our substantial debt and financial obligations could adversely affect our financial condition
and ability to operate our business
As of January&nbsp;31
 2014
 we had outstanding borrowings
of approximately $1.28 billion under our $1.84 billion senior secured credit facilities
 of which $985.0 million consists of term loan borrowings and $292.0 million consists of borrowings under the $850.0 million revolving portion of our senior
secured credit facilities. We also had additional borrowing capacity of approximately $553.1 million under our senior secured credit facilities
 which amount will vary over time depending on our financial covenants and operating performance. 
 



 







 and interest on
 our debt
 which will reduce the funds we have available for other purposes; 







 capital expenditures and acquisitions
 to fund growth or for general corporate purposes; 













 which may cause a competitive disadvantage for us and may reduce our flexibility in responding to increased competition; 













Our debt level and the terms of our
financing arrangements could adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to successfully implement our growth strategy. 

 which will be affected by the other risk factors
described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we do not generate enough cash flow to pay our debt service obligations
 we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt
 sell our assets
 borrow more money or raise equity. There is
no guarantee that we will be able to take any of these actions on a timely basis
 on terms satisfactory to us
Our senior
secured credit facilities bear interest at variable rates. If market interest rates increase
 variable rate debt will create higher debt service requirements
 which could adversely affect our cash flow. 
The credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities contains various covenants that impose restrictions on us that may
The credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities contains
covenants that
 among other things
 restricts our ability to: 









































These restrictions on the operation of our
business could harm us by
 among other things
 limiting our ability to take advantage of financing
 merger and acquisition opportunities
 and other corporate opportunities. Various risks
 uncertainties
 and events beyond our control could affect our
ability to comply with these covenants. A default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under the credit agreement and to foreclose upon the collateral securing the debt. 
We may need additional financing in the future
 and we may not be able to obtain that financing. 

 we may need additional financing to support our business and pursue our growth strategy
 including strategic acquisitions.
Our ability to obtain additional financing
 if and when required
 will depend on investor demand
 our operating performance
 the condition of the capital markets
 and other factors. 
 




We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required
 or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity
 equity-linked
 or
debt securities
 those securities may have rights
 preferences
 or privileges senior to those of our Class&nbsp;A common stock
 and
 in the case of equity and equity-linked securities
 our existing stockholders may experience dilution. 
Our results of operations will fluctuate from quarter to quarter
 which makes them difficult to predict. 

be influenced by numerous factors
 many of which we are unable to predict or are outside of our control
 including: 





























As a result of these factors
 results for any one
Our international
Based upon current
distribution
 we estimate that our products are sold in over 50 countries worldwide. Sales to customers outside of North America accounted for 16%
 16% and 18% of our total net sales in the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
respectively. Risks associated with our operations outside of the United States include: 






 such as tax
 labor
 and trade laws
 as well as laws that affect our ability to
manufacture
 market
 or sell our products; 












 such as the recent debt crisis in Europe; 











If one or more of these
business risks occur
Loss of our key management or other
personnel
 or an inability to attract such management and other personnel
We depend on the
skills
 working relationships
 and continued services of key personnel
 including our experienced senior management team. We also depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. If we lose one or
more members of our senior management team
 or if we fail to attract talented new employees
 our business and results of operations could be negatively affected. 


 2014
 approximately 18% of our employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements or works council
representation. Our collective bargaining agreements are scheduled to expire at 
 




various times over the next five years. A strike
 work slowdown
 or other labor unrest could in some cases impair our ability to supply our products to customers
 which could result in reduced
revenue and customer claims
We purchase a
portion of our lettuce and other fresh produce from third-party growers who grow these products in the United States. The personnel engaged for harvesting operations by these third-party growers and by us
 typically include significant numbers of
immigrants who are authorized to work in the U.S. The availability and number of these workers may decrease if certain changes are enacted in U.S. immigration laws. A scarcity of available personnel to harvest agricultural products in the U.S. could
Our intellectual property rights are valuable
 and any
We consider our intellectual property rights
particularly our trademarks
 but also our patents
 trade secrets
 copyrights
 and licenses
 to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent
 trademark
copyright
 and trade secret laws
 as well as licensing agreements
 third-party confidentiality
 nondisclosure
 and assignment agreements
 and by policing third-party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or maintain adequate
protection of our intellectual property rights
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property
 may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business.
We also face the risk of claims that we have infringed third parties&#146; intellectual property rights. Any claims of intellectual
property infringement
 even those without merit
 could be expensive and time consuming to defend
 cause us to cease making
 licensing
 or using products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property
 require us to redesign or rebrand our
products or packaging
 divert management&#146;s attention and resources
 or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements to obtain the right to use a third party&#146;s intellectual property. Any royalty or licensing agreements
 if
required
 may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Additionally
 a successful claim of infringement against us could result in our being required to pay significant damages
 enter into costly license or royalty agreements
 or stop
the sale of certain products
A failure to renew or a
termination of our licenses for the use of other parties&#146; intellectual property could result in the loss of significant sales. 

 service marks
 and trade names
 such as

Cold Stone Creamery
 Cinnabon
 Dunkin Donuts
 Green Mountain Coffee
 Hershey&#146;s

 to brand and market some of our products. In addition
 we have entered into a license agreement with DSM Nutritional Products
 the owner of
Martek Biosciences Corporation
 to use products covered by a patent for supplementing certain of our premium dairy and soy products with DHA Omega-3. These agreements are scheduled to expire at various dates in the future
 and we cannot guarantee
that we will be able to renew these licenses on acceptable terms upon expiration or at all or that we will be able to acquire new licenses to use other popular trademarks or proprietary products or processes. The termination or expiration of a
license agreement would cause us to lose the sales and any associated profits generated pursuant to such license and in certain cases could result in an impairment charge for related intangible assets. 


likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates
 we establish reserves or disclose the relevant litigation claims

 




or legal proceedings
 as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment.
Our business is subject to various
environmental and health and safety laws and regulations
 which may increase our compliance costs or subject us to liabilities. 

environment and health and safety matters
 including the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation and Liability Act of 1980
 as amended
 and the National Organic Standards of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture
 as well as similar state and local statutes and regulations in the United States and in each of the countries in which we do business in Europe. These laws and regulations govern
 among other things
 air emissions and the discharge of
wastewater and other pollutants
 the use of refrigerants
 the handling and disposal of hazardous materials
 and the cleanup of contamination in the environment. We could incur significant costs
 including fines
 penalties and other sanctions
cleanup costs
 and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury as a result of the failure to comply with
 or liabilities under
 environmental
 health
 and safety requirements. New legislation
 as well as current federal and other state
regulatory initiatives relating to these environmental matters
 could require us to replace equipment
 install additional pollution controls
 purchase various emission allowances
 or curtail operations. These costs could negatively affect our
Violations of laws or regulations related to the food industry
 as well as new laws
or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations related to the food industry
The
food production and marketing industry is subject to a variety of federal
 state
 local
 and foreign laws and regulations
 including food safety requirements related to the ingredients
 manufacture
 processing
 storage
 marketing
 advertising
labeling
 and distribution of our products
 as well as those related to worker health and workplace safety. Our activities
 both in and outside of the United States
 are subject to extensive regulation. We are regulated by
 among other federal and
state authorities
 the U.S. FDA
 the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (&#147;FTC&#148;)
 and the U.S. Departments of Agriculture
 Commerce
 and Labor
 as well as by similar authorities abroad within the regulatory framework of the European Union and
its members. Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies
 healthcare costs
 energy usage
 immigration
 and other labor issues
 all of which may have a direct or indirect effect on our business or those of our customers or suppliers. In
addition
 the marketing and advertising of our products could make us the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state
 and foreign laws and regulations
 and we may be subject to initiatives that limit or
prohibit the marketing and advertising of our products to children. We are also subject to federal laws and regulations relating to our organic products and production. For example
 as required by the National Organic Program (&#147;NOP&#148;)
 we
rely on third parties to certify certain of our products and production locations as organic. Because the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990
 which created the NOP
 was so recently adopted
 many regulations and informal positions taken by the NOP
are subject to continued review and scrutiny. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase our compliance costs
 increase other costs of doing business for us
 our customers
 or our suppliers
 or
restrict our actions
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. In some cases
 increased regulatory scrutiny could interrupt distribution of our products
 as could be the case in the United States as the FDA enacts the Food Safety
Modernization Act of 2011
 or force changes in our production processes and our products. Further
 if we are found to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations in these areas
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
injunctions
 or recalls
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 


900 employees
 our profitability is substantially affected by costs of current and post-retirement medical and other
employee health and welfare benefits. These costs can vary substantially as a result of changes in health care laws and costs. These factors may put pressure on the cost of providing medical and 
 




other employee health and welfare benefits. We can provide no assurance that we will succeed in limiting future cost increases. If we do not succeed
 our profitability could be negatively
We have only been a stand-alone public company since October 2012
 and our historical financial information is not
necessarily representative of the results we would have achieved as a stand-alone public company prior to October 2012 and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. 

 2013 from
Dean Foods&#146; consolidated financial statements. This information does not necessarily reflect the financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows we would have achieved as a stand-alone public company during the periods presented
 or
those that we will achieve in the future. 







 we operated as a segment of Dean Foods
 rather than as a stand-alone company. Dean Foods historically performed various corporate services for us
 including executive management
supply chain
 information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
 investor relations
 human resources
 risk management
 tax
 treasury
 and other services. Our historical financial information reflects allocations of corporate expenses from Dean
Foods for these and similar functions. These allocations may not reflect the costs we will incur for similar services in the future as a stand-alone public company. 







 in certain cases
 modified our ongoing commercial arrangements with certain current and former wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods. Under these agreements
 the current
and former Dean Foods subsidiaries agreed to continue to manufacture and/or sell and distribute our products on our behalf
 supply us with certain raw materials and other inputs
 and provide certain other services. See &#147;Management&#146;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These agreements were negotiated among representatives of Dean Foods&#146; business platforms and
 we believe
 reflect substantially
the terms that we would have been able to obtain from third parties
 taking into account the nature of certain ongoing customer relationships. When these agreements expire or terminate
 we may not be able to negotiate renewals or new agreements with
third parties on terms that are favorable to us. 






our cost structure
 personnel needs
 tax structure
 and business operations
 (2)&nbsp;changes in our management
 (3)&nbsp;potential increased costs associated with reduced economies of scale
 and (4)&nbsp;increased costs associated with corporate
governance
 investor and public relations
Therefore
 our historical financial
information may not necessarily be indicative of our future financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows
 and the occurrence of any of the risks discussed in this &#147;Risk&nbsp;Factors&#148; section
 or any other event
 could cause our
future financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows to materially differ from our historical financial information. While we have been profitable as part of Dean Foods
 we cannot assure you that our profits will continue at a similar
Our agreements with Dean Foods and the desire to preserve the tax-free status of our
spin-off from Dean Foods limit our ability to take certain corporate actions following the Distribution
 and we could owe significant tax indemnification payments to Dean Foods if the Distribution or other steps in the spin-off is taxable as a
Our business strategy anticipates future acquisitions and
development of new products. However
 in order to preserve the tax-free status of our spin-off from Dean Foods
 we are subject to certain restrictions on actions related to our common stock
 including the issuance
 sale
 redemption or repurchase of
our common stock. These restrictions could substantially limit our strategic and operational flexibility. 
 




 we generally have agreed to indemnify Dean Foods and its affiliates against any and
all taxes incurred by them relating to the spin-off failing to be tax-free to the extent such taxes are caused by our actions or acquisitions of our stock or assets by any person other than Dean Foods or its affiliates. If we were to become liable
under such indemnity
 it would result in a significant liability to us as such taxes would likely be substantial. 








Our global principal executive offices are located
Denver
 Colorado in approximately 20
000 square feet of leased office space. The headquarters of our North American plant-based foods and beverages
 coffee creamers and beverages and premium dairy businesses are located in Broomfield
 Colorado
where we lease approximately 137
000 square feet of office space
 and the headquarters of our European operations are located in Ghent
 Belgium
 where we lease approximately 2
500 square meters of office space. Our R&amp;D facilities are located in
leased premises in Broomfield
 Colorado and in Wevelgem
We conduct our production operations from 10 production facilities
 all
of which are owned
 and we own one organic dairy farm located in Kennedyville
 Maryland. We believe that our production facilities
 which are located in the following cities
 are well maintained and are suitable to support our current business
operations: 















&nbsp;Texas








&nbsp;United&nbsp;Kingdom








 California







Our organic salad and produce business is headquartered in an approximately 332
000 square foot facility that
we own in San Juan Bautista
 California
 and the business leases approximately 37
000 crop acres of organic farmland in California and Arizona. We also lease an approximately 220
000 square foot storage and warehouse facility in Yuma
 Arizona. 




From time to time
 we are involved in
litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. Although the results of these lawsuits
 claims
 and proceedings in which we are involved or may become involved cannot be predicted with certainty
 we do
not believe that the final outcome of any of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 or results of operations. 




 



 




Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Our
Class&nbsp;A common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol &#147;WWAV&#148; on October&nbsp;26
 2012. Prior to that date there was no public market for our Class&nbsp;A common stock. The following table sets forth the
high and low intra-day sales prices per share of our Class&nbsp;A common stock
 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange
 for the periods indicated. Such quotations represent inter-dealer prices without retail markup
 markdown or commission and
may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 












Fiscal Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013















































Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2012







Fourth Quarter (from October 26
 2012)








As of February&nbsp;13
 2014
 WhiteWave had 3
415 holders of record of its Class&nbsp;A common stock. This
figure does not include a substantially greater number of stockholders who are beneficial holders of our common stock in &#147;street name&#148; through banks
 brokers
 and other financial institutions that are the record holders. 



 2013
 the Company announced that its Board of Directors had authorized a share repurchase program
 under which the Company may
repurchase up to $150 million of its common stock. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 no shares of common stock have been repurchased under this program. There is no expiration date for the program
 and the authorization to repurchase shares will end
when the Company has repurchased the maximum amount of shares authorized
 or the Company&#146;s Board of Directors has determined to discontinue such repurchases. 
 



 

 the Standard and
Poor&#146;s 500 Composite Index (&#147;S&amp;P 500 Index&#148;)
 the S&amp;P 500 Consumer Staples Index and the Standard and Poor&#146;s MidCap 400 Index (&#147;S&amp;P MidCap 400 Index&#148;). The measurement points in the graph below are October
26
 2012 (the first trading day of our Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange) and the last trading day of each fiscal quarter through the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013. The graph assumes that $100 was invested in WhiteWave Class
A common stock at the closing price of $16.75 on October 26
 2012 and in the S&amp;P 500 Index
 the S&amp;P 500 Consumer Staples Index and the S&amp;P MidCap 400 Index on October 26
 2012
 and assumes reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price
performance shown in the following graph is not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future stock price performance. 


We use the S&amp;P 500 Consumer Staples Index to represent a comparable peer group. During 2013
 WhiteWave
was moved from the S&amp;P 500 Index to the S&amp;P MidCap 400 Index. As a result
 this is the last year in which the S&amp;P 500 line will appear in the graph. Going forward
 the S&amp;P Midcap 400 Index
 which is shown separately in the graph
above
This performance graph shall not be deemed &#147;filed&#148; for purposes of Section 18 of the
Exchange Act or incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act
 except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 




The WhiteWave Foods Company was
incorporated on July&nbsp;17
 2012 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dean Foods to acquire the capital stock of WWF Operating Company (&#147;WWF Opco&#148;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dean Foods. Prior to our initial public offering
 WWF Opco held
substantially all of the historical assets and liabilities related to our business that we acquired pursuant to the contribution described below. We had nominal assets and no liabilities
 and conducted no operations prior to the completion of our
initial public offering. Prior to completion of our initial public offering on October&nbsp;31
 2012
 Dean Foods contributed all of the capital stock of WWF Opco to WhiteWave in exchange for 150
000
000 shares of Class B common stock. 

 




 the contribution of
WWF Opco to WhiteWave was treated as a reorganization of entities under common control under Dean Foods. As a result
 we are retrospectively presenting the consolidated financial position and results of operations of WhiteWave and WWF Opco for all
The following table summarizes our consolidated financial data. We have derived the consolidated statement of
operations data for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. The consolidated statement of operations data for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2010 and 2009 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of December&nbsp;31
 2011
 2010 and 2009 have been derived from our audited consolidated
financial statements
Our historical consolidated financial statements for
periods prior to the completion of our initial public offering were prepared on a stand-alone basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP and derived from Dean Foods&#146; consolidated financial statements and accounting records using the historical results
of operations and assets and liabilities attributed to our operations
 and include allocations of expenses from Dean Foods. Therefore
 our historical financial results are not necessarily indicative of our results in any future period. 

and &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&#148; 
 





























Year ended December&nbsp;31

























(In thousands
 except share and per share data)
















503





175





916





713





446
















































































542





289





025





821





534







634





485





341





210





020




































































































(2)




























General and











































































































































































(4)
(7)

























Other expense (income)
 net



































































































































































































Gain on sale of discontinued operations
 net of tax























Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax






















































































































































































































































































































































































120





770





000





000





000







581





770





000





000





000
























































283





168





108





066





101







































































140





124





153



 



 




 coffee creamers and beverages
 and premium dairy products to third-party customers across North America and Europe. Sales
are reported net of estimated returns
 trade promotions
 and other discounts. Net sales do not include the sales of our finished goods to third-party customers made directly by Dean Foods wholly-owned subsidiaries. 




 those transactions took place at an agreed-upon price
which may not be equivalent to the terms that would prevail in an arm&#146;s-length transaction. In addition
 effective January&nbsp;1
 2010
 Dean Foods implemented a standardized intercompany pricing structure on all products sold by us to other
wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods which negatively impacted our related party sales as compared to years prior to 2010. In connection with the initial public offering
 we entered into agreements that formalized ongoing commercial arrangements
we had with certain wholly-owned Dean Foods subsidiaries. These agreements included certain transitional sales agreements
 a sales and distribution agreement
 and certain manufacturing and supply agreements. Pursuant to one of the transitional sales
agreements in which Morningstar remitted to us the cash representing the net profit collected from WhiteWave product sales
 the net effect of the agreement is reflected as transitional sales fees. We and Dean Foods also entered into a transition
services agreement to cover certain continued corporate services provided by Dean Foods. Due to these and other changes in connection with our initial public offering
 the historical financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
may not necessarily reflect our financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows in the future or what our financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows would have been had we been a stand-alone public company during the periods
presented. See &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#151;Related Party Relationships with Dean Foods&#148; of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 




 we include certain shipping and handling costs associated with shipping products to customers through third-party carriers and third-party
inventory warehouse costs within selling and distribution expense. As a result
 our gross profit may not be comparable to that of other entities that present all shipping and handling costs as a component of cost of sales. 




 our intellectual property license agreement with Morningstar provided Morningstar the right to use certain intellectual property in the manufacture of certain products for a fee. In conjunction with the
license agreement
 we extended a line of credit to Morningstar related to the license income under the license agreement. In connection with our initial public offering
 we terminated this license agreement and the related loan. Since our initial
public offering
 we no longer receive license income or related interest income associated with these historical agreements. In addition
 in connection with our initial public offering
 we transferred the intellectual property subject to the license
agreement to Morningstar so that Morningstar had the requisite intellectual property and manufacturing know-how to produce and sell its products and brands. We retained all intellectual property related to and necessary for the production of our
products and brands. See &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#151;Related Party Relationships with Dean Foods&#148; of this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K. 




 Dean Foods provided certain corporate services to us
 and costs associated with these functions were allocated to us. Our historical financial statements reflect these
costs primarily within general and administrative expenses. These allocations included costs related to corporate services such as executive management
 supply chain
 information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
 investor relations
 human
resources
 risk management
 tax
 treasury
 and other services
 as well as stock-based compensation expense attributable to our employees and an allocation of stock-based compensation attributable to employees of Dean Foods. The total amount of these
allocations from Dean Foods was approximately $50.7 million from January&nbsp;1
 2012 to the date of our initial public offering (which includes $17.5 million of transaction costs related to our initial public offering)
 and $32.7 million
$36.2&nbsp;million and $45.7&nbsp;million in the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 2010
 and 2009 respectively. Following our initial public offering
 as a stand-alone public company
 we assumed responsibility for the costs of these functions. See
&#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#151;Basis of Presentation&#148; of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The historical allocations may not reflect the expense we would have incurred as a
stand-alone public company for the periods presented. Actual costs that may have been incurred if we had been a stand-alone public company would depend on a number of factors
 including the chosen organizational structure
 what functions were
outsourced or performed by employees
 and strategic decisions made in certain areas. 




 2009 date of acquisition. For the period from July&nbsp;2
 2009 through December&nbsp;31
 2009
 Alpro had $174.5 million of net sales
and $9.7 million of operating income. In addition
 results for 2009 include acquisition-related expenses in general and administrative expenses
 related to due diligence
 investment advisors
 and regulatory matters of approximately
$12.2&nbsp;million. 




 2009 to fund our acquisition of Alpro. Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 interest expense had been
allocated based on the historical interest rates of the Dean Foods senior secured credit facility. In connection with our initial public offering
 the allocated portion of the Dean Foods senior secured credit facility was settled as a contribution
to our capital from Dean Foods. On October&nbsp;31
 2012
 in connection with our initial public offering
 we incurred approximately $885.0 million in new indebtedness and subsequently repaid approximately $86.0 million under the revolving credit
facility with these proceeds. 




effect of all dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding during each period. For all periods prior to completion of our initial public offering
 the same number of shares is being used for basic and diluted earnings per share as no WhiteWave
Class&nbsp;A common stock or equity awards were outstanding. The contribution of WWF Opco to WhiteWave was treated as a reorganization of entities under common control under Dean Foods. As a result
 we are retrospectively presenting the Class B
shares outstanding for WhiteWave and WWF Opco for all periods presented. The outstanding shares of Class B common stock give effect to Dean Foods&#146; contribution of WWF Opco&#146;s capital stock to WhiteWave. 4
045
309 anti-dilutive options and
10 anti-dilutive RSUs were excluded from the calculation for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. 2
445
327 anti-dilutive options and 666
999 anti-dilutive RSUs were excluded from the calculation for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012.

 








This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that are subject
to risks and uncertainties. See &#147;Forward-Looking Statements&#148; for a discussion of the uncertainties
 risks
 and assumptions associated with those statements. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in or implied by
forward-looking statements as a result of various factors
 including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 particularly in the section entitled &#147;Risk Factors.&#148; 
We are a
leading consumer packaged food and beverage company focused on high-growth product categories that are aligned with emerging consumer trends. We manufacture
 market
 distribute
 and sell branded plant-based foods and beverages
 coffee creamers and
beverages
 premium dairy and organic greens and produce products throughout North America and Europe. We are pioneers in these product categories

 International Delight
 having #1 or #2
brand positions based on retail sales in the United States
 having a #1 brand position based on retail sales in Europe. Our widely-recognized
 plant-based foods and
beverages
 coffee creamers and beverages
 premium dairy products
 certified organic packaged salad greens
 fruits and vegetables. Our European
We sell our products across North America and Europe
to a variety of customers
 including grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 club stores
 and convenience stores
 as well as through various away-from-home channels
 including foodservice outlets. We sell our products in North America and Europe
We have an extensive production and supply chain
footprint in the United States. We utilize six manufacturing plants
 three distribution centers
 and three strategic co-packers across the country. In addition
 we have strategically positioned three plants across Europe in the United Kingdom
Belgium and France
 each supported by an integrated supply chain that enables us to meet the needs of our customers. Furthermore
 we also have a broad commercial partner network across Europe
 which complements our own sales organizations in the
United Kingdom
 Belgium
 Germany
 and the Netherlands
Formation of the Company
The WhiteWave Foods Company was incorporated on July&nbsp;17
 2012 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dean
Foods to acquire the capital stock of WWF Operating Company
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dean Foods. Prior to our initial public offering on October&nbsp;31
 2012
 WWF Operating Company held substantially all of the historical assets and
liabilities related to our business that we acquired pursuant to the contribution described below. We had nominal assets and no liabilities
 and conducted no operations prior to our initial public offering. 

other businesses: 






 2012
 WWF Operating Company issued a series of intercompany notes to Dean Foods in the aggregate principal amount of $1.155 billion to evidence the payment of a dividend by WWF Operating Company to
Dean Foods. The notes had various maturity dates beginning in October 2013 and continuing until May 2014
 and bore interest at a fixed rate of 2.733%&nbsp;per annum. The notes were unsecured and not guaranteed. 
 









 2012
 we entered into a credit agreement
 among us
 the subsidiary guarantors listed therein
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as syndication agent
 and the
other lenders party thereto (the &#147;Credit Agreement&#148;). The Credit Agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities provided for an aggregate amount of $1.35 billion in financing
 which consists of a five-year revolving credit
facility in a principal amount of $850 million
 a five-year $250 million term loan A-1
 and a seven-year $250 million term loan A-2. 






 2012
 we amended and restated our certificate of incorporation and by-laws
 increased the total number of authorized shares of our capital stock to 2
045
000
000 shares
 and created two classes of
common stock that had the same economic rights
 including with respect to dividends and distributions. Our Class&nbsp;A common stock is entitled to one vote per share
 and Class B common stock was entitled to ten votes per share with respect to all
matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders
 subject
 in the case of the Class B common stock
 to reduction in accordance with terms of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Each share of Class B common stock was convertible
into one share of Class&nbsp;A common stock at any time at Dean Foods&#146; election and automatically in certain circumstances. The common stock held by Dean Foods prior to our initial public offering was reclassified into Class B common stock.







 2012
 we completed our initial public offering and sold 23
000
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock to the public at a price of $17.00 per share. Prior to completion of our initial public
offering
 Dean Foods contributed all of the capital stock of WWF Operating Company to us in exchange for 150
000
000 shares of our Class B common stock. 






 2012
 we incurred approximately $885.0 million in new indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities and contributed substantially all of the net proceeds to WWF Operating Company. We also
contributed $282.0 million of the net proceeds from our initial public offering to WWF Operating Company
 which used those proceeds
 together with substantially all of the net proceeds under the Credit Agreement
 to repay then-outstanding
obligations under intercompany notes owed to Dean Foods
 as described above. 






 2012
 the remaining net proceeds of approximately $86.0 million from our initial public offering were used to repay a portion of the indebtedness then outstanding under the revolving portion of our
senior secured credit facilities. 






 Dean Foods novated to us certain of its interest rate swaps with a notional value of $650 million and a maturity date of March&nbsp;31
 2017. These swap agreements have
The contribution of WWF Operating Company to WhiteWave was treated as a
reorganization of entities under common control under Dean Foods. As a result
 we are retrospectively presenting the consolidated financial position and results of operations of WhiteWave and WWF Operating Company for all periods presented. 
Developments since January&nbsp;1
 2013 


 2013
 Dean Foods distributed (&#147;the Distribution&#148;) to its stockholders an aggregate of 47
686
000 shares of our
Class&nbsp;A common stock and 67
914
000 shares of our Class B common stock as a pro rata dividend on shares of Dean Foods common stock outstanding at the close of business on May&nbsp;17
 2013
 the record date for the Distribution. Effective upon
the Distribution
 and in accordance with the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 we reduced the number of votes per share of our Class B common stock with respect to all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders
other than the election and removal of directors
 to one vote per share. 
 




 Dean Foods converted 82
086
000 shares of our Class B common stock
into 82
086
000 shares of our Class&nbsp;A common stock
 of which 47
686
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock were distributed to Dean Foods stockholders in the Distribution. As a result of the Distribution
 Dean Foods owned 34
400
000 shares of
our Class&nbsp;A Common stock and no shares of our Class B common stock. Under the terms of the separation and distribution agreement
 Dean Foods was required to dispose of any remaining ownership interest in us within three years of the
Distribution
 or May&nbsp;23
 2016. On July&nbsp;25
 2013 Dean Foods disposed of all of its remaining 34
400
000 shares of our Class&nbsp;A common stock in a registered public offering. We did not receive any proceeds from this offering. As a result
of and immediately after the closing of this offering
 Dean Foods no longer owned any shares of our common stock and had no ownership interest in us. 


 2013
 the Company&#146;s stockholders approved the conversion of all of the outstanding shares of the Company&#146;s
Class&nbsp;B common stock into shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A common stock. As a result
 all of the 67
913
310 shares of Class&nbsp;B common stock outstanding on September&nbsp;24
 2013 were converted on a one-for-one basis into shares of
Class&nbsp;A common stock. The conversion had no impact on the economic interests of the holders of Class&nbsp;A common stock and the former holders of Class&nbsp;B common stock. The conversion had no impact on the total issued and outstanding
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock although it increased the number of shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock outstanding in an amount equivalent to the number of shares of Class&nbsp;B common stock outstanding immediately prior to the
conversion. 

 management decided to pursue a sale of the Company&#146;s dairy farm located in Idaho as part of our strategic
focus on the Company&#146;s core processing
 marketing and distribution capabilities. As a result
 we recorded a $7.4 million non-cash charge to write-down the assets held for sale to fair value
 net of estimated selling costs. In the fourth quarter
of 2013
 we completed the sale of those assets and recorded an additional write-down of $3.7 million based on the final selling price. This write-down is included in asset disposal and exit costs within operating expense in our consolidated
statement of operations. In addition
 we recorded a charge of $3.3 million in the fourth quarter related to lease liabilities
 severance and related costs. This charge is included in asset disposal and exit costs within operating expenses in our
consolidated statement of operations. The Idaho dairy farm assets were included in the North America segment. Overall
 we received net cash proceeds of $31.0 million for the sale of the Idaho farm and a note receivable of $6.4 million that is
expected to be collected in the first half of 2014. Total charges of $14.4 million were recorded in 2013 related to this disposal. 


 management approved a plan to sell the operations of SoFine Foods BV (&#147;SoFine&#148;)
 a wholly-owned
subsidiary that operates a soy-based meat-alternatives business
 in the Netherlands. Management&#146;s intention to pursue a sale is based on the strategic decision to exit this non-core business. As a result
 a write-down of $9.8 million was
recorded in the fourth quarter of 2013. The SoFine assets and liabilities were included in the Europe segment and the fair value was determined based on the estimated selling price
 net of estimated costs to sell. We expect the sale to be completed
within the next 60 days. This charge is included in asset disposal and exit costs within operating expenses in our consolidated statement of operations. 
Developments since January&nbsp;1
 2014 


 2014
 the Company completed the acquisition of Earthbound Farm for approximately $600&nbsp;million in cash. Earthbound Farm
is the largest organic produce brand in North America and the recognized leader in the value-added organic packaged salad category. Earthbound Farm also produces and markets an 
 




extensive line of organic fresh fruits and vegetables
 frozen fruits and vegetables
 and dried fruits and snacks. The acquisition was funded by approximately $615 million in new borrowings under
our senior secured credit facilities
 including the incremental term loan A-3 facility. Because the transaction was not completed until fiscal 2014
 results of operations for the Earthbound Farm business for fiscal 2013 and prior periods are not
included in this Form 10-K
Formation
On January&nbsp;5
 2014
 the Company announced that it had entered into a joint venture agreement with
China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (&#147;Mengniu&#148;)
 a leading Chinese dairy company
 to manufacture
 market and sell a range of nutritious products in China. The joint venture will be owned 49% by the Company and 51% by Mengniu. The formation
of the joint venture is subject to various governmental approvals in China
 which are expected to be obtained in the first half of 2014. The Company also announced that the joint venture has executed an agreement to purchase Yashili Zhengzhou
(&#147;Zhengzhou&#148;)
 a subsidiary of Yashili International Holdings Ltd (&#147;Yashili&#148;)
 whose primary asset is a production facility currently under construction in China where the joint venture intends to manufacture its products.
Mengniu is the majority owner of Yashili. The purchase price for Zhengzhou is expected to be approximately $85 million (RMB 510 million) and the purchase is subject to the formation of the joint venture and approval of the minority shareholders of
Yashili. Each joint venture party&#146;s share of the purchase price for Zhengzhou will be consistent with its ownership interest in the venture. The Company and Mengnui expect to make additional investments to support the start-up and
commercialization of the joint venture
Factors Affecting Our Business and
The following trends have impacted our sales and operating income over the past three years and we believe that
Acquisitions and Formation of
We have grown and intend to continue to grow our business in part by acquiring new brands and businesses
 and
forming joint ventures
 both in the United States and globally. The addition of acquisitions or joint ventures allows us to leverage our resources and capabilities but can also divert resources and management attention from our day-to-day operations
as we integrate them into existing operations. In 2014
 we completed the acquisition of Earthbound Farm and announced plans for a joint venture with Mengniu Dairy in China. 


brands. We have a proven track record of innovation through either creating or largely developing the organic milk
 soymilk
 and flavored non-dairy creamer subcategories. Recent successful new product introductions under our 

 
 brands further demonstrate our capabilities to develop and expand our categories. We will continue to focus on innovation that we believe will drive increased consumption of our
brands. 

 such as organic and conventional raw milk
 butterfat
 almonds
 organic and
non-genetically modified (&#147;non-GMO&#148;) soybeans
 sweeteners
 and other commodity costs used in the manufacturing
 packaging
 and distribution of our products
 including utilities
 natural gas
 resin and diesel fuel. Increases in the costs of
raw materials and other inputs in the recent past have exerted pressure on our margins and have led to price increases across our portfolio to mitigate the impacts of these increased costs. 
 



Consumer Preferences for Nutritious
 Flavorful
 Convenient
 and Responsibly Produced
The plant-based foods and beverages
 coffee creamers and beverages
 and premium dairy categories are aligned with
emerging consumer preferences for products that are nutritious
 flavorful
 convenient
 and responsibly produced. As a result
 we believe these product categories will continue to offer attractive growth opportunities relative to traditional food and
beverage categories. Our plant-based foods and beverages and premium dairy products are well positioned within the dairy and dairy alternatives sector
 as well as the organic sector. The growth of the organic sector is outpacing the growth of the
overall food and beverage industry and
 within dairy and dairy alternatives
 our share continues to grow. In addition
 our coffee creamers and beverages continue to benefit from the growth and overall size of the coffee and creamers sector. 


 particularly in our North America segment. In response
 we
have increasingly relied on our third-party network
 which has resulted in higher costs for the production
 distribution
 and warehousing of our products. In addition
 in order to serve increasing customer demand
 capacity constraints create the
need for us to shift production between internal facilities
 which increases overall shipping and warehousing costs. Further
 capacity constraints have at times led to higher levels of inventory in order to ensure that we can adequately service our
customers. We will continue to both shift production between internal facilities and utilize our co-packing network
 as needed
 to meet our production and warehousing requirements. At the same time
 we will continue to invest to expand our internal
production and warehousing capabilities. 

 2012
 our historical consolidated financial
statements
 which are discussed below
 have been prepared on a stand-alone basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP and derived from Dean Foods&#146; consolidated financial statements and accounting records using the historical results of operations and
assets and liabilities attributed to our operations
 and include allocations of expenses from Dean Foods. Our consolidated and segment results are not necessarily indicative of our future performance and do not reflect what our financial performance
Prior to completion of our initial public
offering
 Dean Foods provided certain corporate services to us
 and costs associated with these functions have been allocated to us. These allocations included costs related to corporate services
 such as executive management
 supply chain
information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
 investor relations
 human resources
 risk management
 tax
 treasury
 and other services
 as well as stock-based compensation expense attributable to our employees and an allocation of
stock-based compensation attributable to employees of Dean Foods. The costs of such services were allocated to us based on the most relevant allocation method to the service provided
 primarily based on relative percentage of total net sales
relative percentage of headcount
 or specific identification. The total amount of these allocations from Dean Foods was approximately $50.7 million for the period from January&nbsp;1
 2012 to the date of our initial public offering (which includes
$17.5 million of transaction costs related to the offering) and $32.7 million in the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. These cost allocations are primarily reflected within general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of
operations as well as classified as &#147;Corporate and other&#148; in Note 17 to our audited consolidated financial statements. Management believes the basis on which the expenses have been allocated to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization
of services provided to or the benefit received by us during the periods presented. Dean Foods continues to provide several of these services on a transitional basis for a fee pursuant to the terms of our transition services agreement. Upon
completion of our initial public offering
 we assumed responsibility for the cost of these functions. In addition
 as we transition away from the services currently provided by Dean Foods pursuant to the transition services agreement
 in 2013
 Dean
Foods charged us $19.0 million and we have charged Dean Foods $3.0 million in non-recurring transitional costs. 
 




 total equity represented Dean Foods&#146;
interest in our recorded net assets. Dean Foods&#146; net investment balance represented the cumulative net investment by Dean Foods in us through October&nbsp;31
 2012
 including any prior net income or loss or other comprehensive income or loss
attributed to us and contributions received from or distributions made to Dean Foods. Certain transactions between us and other related parties that are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods
 including allocated expenses and settlement of
intercompany transactions
We were allocated a portion of Dean Foods&#146;
consolidated debt based on amounts directly incurred by us to fund the acquisition of Alpro in July 2009. Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 interest expense had been allocated based on the historical interest rates of the Dean
Foods senior secured credit facility during each period presented
 as this revolver was drawn to fund the Alpro acquisition. Debt issuance costs were allocated in the same proportion as the debt. In connection with our initial public offering
 the
allocated portion of the Dean Foods senior secured credit facility was settled as a contribution to our capital from Dean Foods. Management believes the basis of historical allocation for debt
 interest expense and debt issuance costs is reasonable.
However
 these amounts may not be indicative of the actual amounts that we would have incurred had we been a stand-alone public company for the periods presented. See&nbsp;&#147;&#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148; for more information. 

 in connection with our initial public offering
 we granted equity awards to certain of our executive officers and employees with an
aggregate grant date fair value of $28.2 million (the &#147;IPO Grants&#148;) in order to
 among other things
 provide executives and employees with an immediate equity interest in the Company and align their interests with those of our
stockholders. The grant date fair value of the IPO Grants is expensed ratably over a three-year vesting term from October 2012 to 2015. 

 the historical financial information included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K may not necessarily reflect our financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows in the future or what our financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows would have been had we been a stand-alone public
company during the periods presented. 

 North America and Europe
 based on our go-to-market strategies
 customer bases
 and the objectives
of our businesses. Our reportable segments align with how management monitors operating performance
 allocates resources
 and deploys capital in our Company. 
Our
results of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
Corporate Costs
Prior to the completion of our initial public offering
 Dean Foods provided certain corporate services to us
 and costs associated
with these functions were allocated to us. These allocations include costs related to corporate services
 such as executive management
 supply chain
 information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
 investor relations
 human resources
 risk
management
 tax
 treasury
 and other services
 as well as stock-based compensation expense attributable to our employees and an allocation of stock-based compensation attributable to employees of Dean Foods. The costs of such services were allocated
to us based on the most relevant allocation method to the service provided
 primarily based on relative percentage of total net sales
 relative percentage of headcount
 or specific identification. The total amount of these allocations from Dean
Foods was approximately $50.7 million from January&nbsp;1
 2012 to the date of our initial public offering and $32.7&nbsp;million in the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. These allocations include approximately $17.5 million of

 




transaction costs related to our initial public offering for year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. Following the initial public offering
 we are incurring direct costs associated with our
stand-alone corporate structure. Such direct costs also include certain non-recurring transitional costs of $6.8 million incurred in the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 to establish our own stand-alone corporate functions. 


 2012
 WhiteWave entered into several commercial agreements with Morningstar
and Dean Foods&#146; Fresh Dairy Direct (&#147;FDD&#148;) division which modified the terms of the historical arrangements. Those agreements altered the price that FDD pays WhiteWave for WhiteWave branded products
 the cost WhiteWave pays for
products produced and supplied by Morningstar and FDD to WhiteWave
 and it eliminated the historical intellectual property agreement for which Morningstar paid a license fee to WhiteWave. In addition
 it transferred certain 
branded products from WhiteWave to FDD and other products from Morningstar to WhiteWave. Finally
 a transitional services agreement was implemented between the various parties. 

 2013
 Morningstar provided certain transitional services to us which included
 but were not limited
to
 taking and filling orders
 collecting receivables
 and shipping products to our customers. Morningstar remitted to us the cash representing the net profit collected from these product sales until such time as the sales were transitioned to us.
The net effect of the agreement is reflected as transitional sales fees of $1.5 million in our audited consolidated statement of operations. The transitional sales were substantially completed during the early part of the second quarter of 2013.
We also entered into an agreement with Morningstar pursuant to which we transferred to Morningstar responsibility for the sales and
associated costs of our aerosol whipped topping and other non-core products up to 15-months. During this transition
 we provided certain services to Morningstar which included
 but were not limited to
 taking and filling orders
 collecting
receivables and shipping products to customers. We remitted to Morningstar the net profit associated with these product sales until the sales transitioned to Morningstar. The net fees remitted for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 were $0.7
Foreign
Due to the international aspect of our business
 our net sales and expenses are influenced by foreign exchange
movements. Our primary exposures to foreign exchange rates are the Euro and British Pound against the U.S. dollar. The financial statements of our Europe segment are translated to U.S. dollars. The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is
generally the local currency of the country. Accordingly
 income and expense items are translated at the average rates prevailing during the applicable period. Changes in exchange rates that affect cash flows and the related receivables or payables
are recognized as transaction gains and losses. 

 which are discussed below
 are prepared on a stand-alone basis in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;U.S. GAAP&#148;) and are derived from Dean Foods&#146; consolidated financial statements and accounting records using the historical results of operations and asset and liabilities
attributed to our operations
 and include allocations of expenses from Dean Foods for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011. Our consolidated and segment results are not necessarily indicative of our future performance and do not reflect
what our financial performance would have been had we been a stand-alone public company for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011. 
 




 for the periods indicated
 selected information from our
consolidated financial results
 including information presented as a percentage of net sales. 






























Year Ended December&nbsp;31




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Other expense (income)
 net





































































































































 we include certain shipping and handling costs within selling and distribution expense. As a result
 our gross profit may not be comparable to
The key performance
indicators for both of our reportable segments are net sales
 gross profit
 and operating income
 which are presented in the segment results tables and discussion below. 
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 

























Year Ended December&nbsp;31




















































































































 



 











































































































 &#151; Consolidated total net sales increased $252.7 million
 or 11.0%
 in 2013
compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by robust volume growth in both the North America and Europe segments. Net sales in Europe also benefited from currency translation. North America also benefited from the impact of the
commercial arrangements with current and former Dean Foods subsidiaries. Those arrangements were implemented in connection with the initial public offering
 including the transition of sales of certain WhiteWave products from Morningstar in
 &#151; Cost of sales increased $149.3 million
 or 10.1%
 in 2013
compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by sales volume growth
 but was also higher due to the transition of sales from Morningstar and higher commodity and other input costs. 
 &#151; Gross profit margin increased to 35.7% in 2013 from 35.1% for the prior year. The increase was driven principally
by a favorable mix of products sold. Gross margins also benefited modestly from the impact of the new commercial arrangements with current and former Dean Foods subsidiaries. The net profit from the sales of WhiteWave products generated by
Related party
license income
 or 100%
 as the fee arrangement
 by which Morningstar licensed intellectual property needed to produce and sell its products
 was terminated with the initial public
 &#151; Total operating
expenses increased $90.3 million
 or 13.7%
 in 2013 compared to the prior year. Selling and distribution costs increased $36.2 million
 or 7.4%
 driven by higher sales volume
 along with higher distribution and warehousing costs in our North America
segment
General and administrative expenses increased $29.9
million
 or 17.8%
 in 2013. In 2012
 prior to the completion of our initial public offering
 general and administrative expenses included allocations from Dean Foods
 while in 2013
 we are incurring direct costs associated with our stand-alone
corporate structure. The current year general and administrative costs also include $10.9 million of compensation expenses associated with IPO Grants
 along with $6.8 million of non-recurring transitional costs incurred to establish our own
stand-alone corporate functions and $1.4 million in transaction costs related to the Dean Foods equity offering. In addition
 current year general and administrative expenses include $8.3 million of expense associated with the ongoing formation of
the Chinese joint venture and the acquisition of Earthbound Farm. In the same period of 2012
 we incurred $17.5 million of transaction costs in connection with our initial public offering. The increase in 2013 was also partially attributable to
Operating expenses for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013 also included a write-down for asset disposal and exit costs in the amount of $24.2 million consisting of $14.4 million related to the loss on sale of the Company&#146;s dairy farm located in Idaho and $9.8 million for the
write-down of assets and liabilities related to our intention to sell the SoFine soy-based meat-alternatives business that operates in the Netherlands. 
 



Other expense (income)
 net
December&nbsp;31
 2013 includes income of $3.4 million related to mark-to-market gains on our interest rate swaps. 
&#151; Income tax expense was $44.2 million
 recorded at an effective tax rate of 30.9%
 in 2013 compared to $56.9 million
 a 33.6% effective tax rate
 in 2012. Generally
 our effective tax rate varies primarily based on our profitability level and
the relative earnings of our segments. The 2013 effective tax rate decreased due to more taxable income in lower tax rate jurisdictions
 a reduction in deferred tax liabilities resulting from a lower U.K. statutory tax rate
 and the higher
non-deductible transaction costs in 2012. These reductions were partially offset by the inability to recognize a tax benefit on the SoFine write-down. 

































Year Ended December&nbsp;31









































































































































































































































































































































































 &#151; Total net sales increased $202.6 million
 or 10.5%
 in 2013 compared to the
prior year. The increase was primarily driven by volume growth across all platforms
 but particularly plant-based food and beverages and coffee creamers and beverages. Net sales also benefited from a favorable product mix and the impact of the
commercial arrangements with current and former Dean Foods subsidiaries that were implemented in connection with the initial public offering
 including the transition of sales of certain WhiteWave products from Morningstar in accordance with the
 &#151; Cost of sales increased $117.5 million
 or 9.3%
 in 2013 compared to the prior
year. The increase was primarily driven by higher sales volumes
 but also due to higher commodity and other input costs and the transition of sales from Morningstar. 
 &#151; Gross profit margin increased to 34.7% in 2013 compared to 34.0% for the prior year. The increase was primarily
driven by a favorable mix of products sold. Gross margins also benefited modestly from the impact of the new commercial arrangements with current and former wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods. The net profit from sales of WhiteWave products
generated by Morningstar is reflected as transitional sales fees until Morningstar transferred responsibility for the sales to us. 
 &#151; Operating expenses increased $48.9 million
 or 10.3%
 in 2013 compared to the prior year primarily due to
higher sales and distribution costs as a result of higher volumes
 coupled with an increase in warehousing and related distribution costs driven by capacity constraints. General and administrative expenses were also higher driven by additional
headcount and employee related expenses
 along with higher legal expenses. 
 




 2013 also included asset disposal and
Europe
The following table presents certain financial information concerning our Europe segment&#146;s financial results:































Year Ended December&nbsp;31

































































































































































































































































 &#151; Net sales increased $50.1 million
 or 13.6%
 in 2013 compared to the prior year. The
increase was driven principally by volume growth in yogurt and non-soy drinks
 led by almond which was introduced in the prior year. Currency translation also contributed to the increase. Volume growth in the Europe segment continues to be driven by
 &#151; Cost of sales increased $31.6 million
 or
14.6%
 in 2013 compared to the prior year driven by higher sales volumes and product mix
 coupled with the impact of higher raw materials and co-packing costs
 partially offset by cost reduction initiatives. 
 &#151; Gross profit margin decreased to 40.6% in 2013 compared to 41.1% for the prior year. This decrease was driven by
higher input costs
 along with increased co-packing costs driven by strong growth in non-soy drinks
 partially offset by the impact of cost reduction initiatives. 
 &#151; Operating expenses increased $21.3 million
 or 16.7%
 in 2013 compared to the prior year. The increase was
driven by higher distribution expenses due to higher volumes
 coupled with an increase in&nbsp;general and administrative costs driven by higher headcount. Additionally
 operating expenses for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 also included a
write-down of assets and liabilities held for sale in the amount of $9.8&nbsp;million&nbsp;related to our intention to sell the SoFine soy-based meat-alternatives business that operates in the Netherlands. 
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 

























Year Ended December&nbsp;31




















































































































 



 











































































































 &#151; Consolidated total net sales increased $263.7 million
 or 13.0%
 in 2012
compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by robust volume growth across the North America segment and was also favorably impacted by price increases implemented in response to higher commodity costs. Total net sales growth was
 &#151; Cost of sales increased $144.1 million
 or 10.7%
 in
2012 compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by sales volume growth
 higher commodity and other input costs
 particularly raw organic milk
 and start-up costs incurred at our new Dallas
 Texas manufacturing facility
 partially
 &#151; Gross profit margin increased to 35.1% in 2012 from 33.8% for the
prior year. The increase was driven principally by a favorable mix of products sold
 but was also augmented by higher pricing which more than offset the impact of higher commodity costs. Gross margins also benefited modestly from the impact of the
new commercial arrangements with current and former Dean Foods subsidiaries. The net profit from sales of WhiteWave products generated by Morningstar is reflected as related party fees until those sales are transitioned to us. 
 &#151; Operating expenses increased $108.3 million
 or 19.6%
 in 2012 compared to the prior year. This was driven by
an increase in selling and distribution costs as a result of higher sales volume and increasing fuel costs. In addition
 we experienced increased outside storage facility and related distribution costs at our North America segment driven by capacity
constraints. We also continued to increase investments in marketing in support of our brands in both North America and Europe. General and administrative expenses increased $30.9 million
 driven principally by $17.5 million of transaction costs
 &#151; Income tax expense was
$56.9 million
 recorded at an effective tax rate of 33.6%
 in 2012 compared to $52.1 million
 a 31.3% effective tax rate
 in 2011. Generally
 our effective tax rate varies primarily based on our profitability level and the relative earnings of our
segments. The 2012 effective tax rate increased from 2011 due to non-deductible transaction costs related to our initial public offering. 
 



 
































Year Ended December&nbsp;31









































































































































































































































































































































































 &#151; Total net sales increased $264.2 million
 or 15.9%
 in 2012 compared to the
prior year
 driven principally by volume growth in coffee creamers and beverages and plant-based foods and beverages. This growth was due to category growth
 product innovation
 and increased marketing investment

. Sales of our premium dairy products also increased compared to the prior year
 despite lower volumes
 as a result of higher pricing implemented in response to higher commodity
 &#151; Cost of sales increased $142.2 million
 or 12.6%
 in 2012 compared to the prior year. The increase was
primarily driven by sales volume growth and higher commodity and other input costs
 as well as start-up costs incurred at our new Dallas
 Texas manufacturing facility
 partially offset by our cost reduction initiatives. 
 &#151; Gross profit margin increased to 34.0% in 2012 compared to 32.0% for the prior year. The increase was primarily
driven by a favorable mix of products sold but was also augmented by higher pricing in premium dairy and coffee creamers and beverages which more than offset the impact of higher commodity costs. Gross margins also benefited modestly from the impact
of the new commercial arrangements with current and former wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods. The net profit from sales of WhiteWave products generated by Morningstar is reflected as transitional sales fees until those sales are transitioned
 &#151; Operating expenses increased $80.8 million
 or 20.6%
 in 2012 compared to the prior year
primarily due to an increase in distribution expenses due to higher sales volumes and an increase in fuel costs. In addition
 we experienced increased outside storage facility costs and related distribution costs driven by capacity constraints. We
expect these costs to remain higher at least through the first half of 2013. Marketing expenses also increased in 2012 compared to the same period in the prior year in support of our new product innovation and brand building investments. 
 



 
































Year Ended December&nbsp;31
























































































































































































































































 &#151; Net sales decreased $0.5 million
 or 0.1%
 in 2012 compared to the prior year. The
decrease was driven by foreign currency translation. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation
 net sales grew mid-single digits
 driven by volume growth
 a favorable mix of products sold
 and higher pricing implemented to offset higher
commodity costs. The volume increase was led by strong growth in our yogurt products and was further augmented by sales of almond and hazelnut drinks that were introduced earlier this year. Net sales continued to be negatively impacted by the
 &#151; Cost of sales increased $2.0 million
 or 0.9%
 in 2012
compared to the prior year driven by volume growth and higher commodity costs
 primarily for soybeans
 sugar and packaging
 which more than offset the impact of foreign currency translation. 
 &#151; Gross profit margin decreased to 41.1% in 2012 compared to 41.7% for the prior year due to higher commodity costs
 &#151; Operating expenses increased $1.7
million
 or 1.4%
 in 2012 compared to the prior year. Distribution expenses increased due to higher sales volumes and fuel cost increases. Marketing expenses were higher due to increased investments in consumer marketing in support of our new
product launches. These increases were partially offset by the impact of foreign currency translation. 
As
of January&nbsp;31
 2014
 we had outstanding borrowings of approximately $1.28 billion under our $1.84&nbsp;billion senior secured credit facilities
 of which $985.0 million consists of term loan borrowings and $292.0&nbsp;million consists of
borrowings under the $850 million revolving portion of our senior secured credit facilities. Our outstanding line of credit balance was $4.9 million. We had additional borrowing capacity of approximately $553.1 million under our senior secured
credit facilities
The terms of the
senior secured credit facilities include the following: 






 2017 for the term loan A-1 and revolving credit facility
 October&nbsp;31
 2019 for the term loan A-2 facility and January&nbsp;2
 2021 for the term loan A-3; 






required amortization repayment in quarterly installments of the following amounts on the $250&nbsp;million term loan A-1 facility: $12.5 million in
2014
 $18.75 million in 2015 and 2016
 and $25.0&nbsp;million in 2017 with the balance at maturity
 in the case of the $250 million term loan A-2 
 







facility
 $2.5 million in 2014 through 2019 with the balance at maturity
 and in the case of the $500&nbsp;million term loan A-3 facility
 $5.0 million in 2014 through 2020 with the balance at
maturity; 






 under certain circumstances
 the maximum principal amount of the senior secured credit facilities to be increased by up to $500 million
 subject to lender commitments; 



















 including delivery of financial and other information
 compliance with laws
 further assurances
 and limitations with respect to indebtedness
liens
 fundamental changes
 restrictive agreements
 dispositions of assets
 acquisitions and other investments
 sale leaseback transactions
 conduct of business
 transactions with affiliates
 and restricted payments; and 







 2014 and then to 3.75 to 1.00 beginning
March&nbsp;31
 2015 and thereafter (subject to our right to increase such ratio by 0.50 to 1.00
 but not to exceed 4.50 to 1.00
 for the next four fiscal quarters following any permitted acquisition for which the purchase consideration equals or
exceeds $50 million and results in a pro forma net leverage ratio that is within 0.25 to 1.00 of the covenant then in effect) and (b)&nbsp;a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio set at 3.00 to 1.00. 

domestic subsidiaries. The senior secured credit facilities are guaranteed by our material domestic subsidiaries. Borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities currently bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.50%&nbsp;per annum for the $250
million term loan A-1 facility and the revolving credit facility
 LIBOR plus 1.75%&nbsp;per annum for the $250 million term loan A-2 facility
 and LIBOR plus 2.00%&nbsp;per annum for the $500 million term loan A-3 facility. As of December&nbsp;31
2013
In 2011 and 2012
 Alpro maintained a revolving credit facility not to exceed
&#128;1&nbsp;million ($1.4 million) (or its currency equivalent). On December&nbsp;9
 2013
 we increased the facility to an amount not to exceed &#128;10&nbsp;million ($13.7 million) (or its currency equivalent). The facility is unsecured and is
guaranteed by various Alpro subsidiaries. The subsidiary revolving credit facility is available for working capital and other general corporate purposes of Alpro and for the issuance of up to &#128;10&nbsp;million ($13.7 million) (or its currency
equivalent) letters of credit. At December&nbsp;31
 2013 and December&nbsp;31
 2012
 there were no outstanding borrowings under this facility. The revolving credit facility matures on December&nbsp;9
 2014. 
Based
on current and anticipated level of operations
 we believe that our cash on hand
 together with operating cash flows
 and amounts expected to be available under our senior secured credit facilities
 will be sufficient to meet our anticipated
liquidity needs over the next twelve months. Our anticipated uses of cash include capital expenditures
 working capital needs
 other general corporate purposes
 and financial obligations such as payments under the senior secured credit facility. We
may evaluate and consider strategic acquisitions
 divestitures
 joint ventures
 and stock repurchases
 as well as other transactions to create stockholder value and enhance financial performance. Such transactions may require cash expenditures by us
As of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 $100.4 million of our total cash and cash equivalents of $101.1 million was
domiciled in foreign locations. We currently anticipate permanently reinvesting our foreign earnings outside the U.S. 
 



 

 we expect to invest a total of approximately $230 million to $260 million in capital expenditures primarily to continue to increase
manufacturing and warehousing capacity to support our growth. We also expect to make additional investments in our new Chinese joint venture
 including our 49% share of the approximately $85 million Yashili acquisition
 as well as additional
investments to support start-up and commercialization of the joint venture. We expect cash interest to be approximately $33 million to $37 million based upon expected debt levels and current forward interest rates under our senior secured credit
facilities
 which excludes amortization of deferred financing fees of approximately $2.9 million. We also expect cash payments on our interest rate swaps to be approximately $18.3 million based on the notional amounts of the swaps and the forward
LIBOR curve as of December&nbsp;31
 2013. We anticipate that cash flows from operations and borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities will be sufficient to meet our capital requirements for the foreseeable future. 

 under which the Company may repurchase up to $150 million of its common
stock. The primary purpose of the program is to offset dilution from the Company&#146;s equity compensation plans
 but the Company also may make discretionary purchases. Shares may be repurchased under the program from time to time in one or more
open market or other transactions
 at the discretion of the Company
 subject to market conditions and other factors. The authorization to repurchase shares will end when the Company has repurchased the maximum amount of shares authorized
 or the
Company&#146;s Board of Directors has determined to discontinue such repurchases. 
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 

 investing
 and financing activities: 



















Year Ended December&nbsp;31











































































Discontinued operations (operating
 investing
 and financing)






































































 2013 compared to
$239.1 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. The change was primarily due to working capital changes
 including an increase in accounts receivable driven by higher sales and the timing of receivables collections. In addition
 the
increase in payables and accrued expenses was more pronounced in the prior year due in large part to increased payroll accruals driven by incentive-based compensation. 
Net
cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was $39.4 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 compared to net cash used in investing activities of $98.1 million for the year ended

 




December&nbsp;31
 2012. The change was primarily driven by proceeds of $60.0 million from the sale of fixed assets to Morningstar and net $31.0 million from the sale of the Idaho farm
 partially
offset by higher capital expenditures in 2013. 

 2013 compared to
$172.1 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. Net cash used in 2012 was higher primarily due to net repayments of borrowings related to the debt acquired as a result of the Company&#146;s initial public offering. 
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 

 investing
 and financing activities: 



















Year Ended December&nbsp;31











































































Discontinued operations (operating
 investing
 and financing)






































































 2012 compared to
$221.5 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. The change was primarily due to the combined effect of an increase in net income and the net year-over-year changes in current liabilities. 
Net
cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was $98.1 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 compared to $126.0 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. The change was primarily driven by higher capital
expenditures in the prior year associated with the investment in our new manufacturing facility in Dallas
Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was $172.1 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 compared
to $87.1 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. The change was primarily due to a decrease in proceeds received
 net of payments made
 related to the Dean Foods&#146; receivables-backed facility and an increase in net distributions to
Dean Foods. We also paid $12.4 million of deferred financing fees in 2012 related to our new senior secured credit facilities. 
 



 

 we enter into contracts and commitments that obligate us to make payments in the future. The table below
summarizes our obligations for indebtedness
 purchase
 lease
 and other contractual obligations at December&nbsp;31
 2013
 and includes the additional amounts borrowed under our senior secured credit facilities related to the acquisition of
Earthbound Farm on January&nbsp;2
 2014. 























































276



























277
































































































































816

















































 which was borrowed to fund the Earthbound Farm acquisition on January&nbsp;2
 2014.





 including diesel fuel
 soybeans
 and organic raw milk. We enter into these contracts from time to time
to ensure a sufficient supply of raw materials. In addition
 we have contractual obligations to purchase various services that are part of our production process. 




 corporate offices
 and certain of our manufacturing and distribution facilities. See Note 16 to our
audited consolidated financial statements for more detail about our lease obligations. 




 we participate in one multiemployer defined benefit plan. The
cost of this plan is equal to the annual required contributions determined in accordance with the provisions of negotiated collective bargaining arrangements. These costs were approximately $1.7 million
 $1.7 million
 and $1.6 million during the
years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively; however
 the future cost of the multiemployer plan is dependent upon a number of factors
 including the funded status of the plan
 the ability of other participating companies to meet
ongoing funding obligations
 and the level of our ongoing participation in this plan. Because the amount of future contributions we would be contractually obligated to make pursuant to this plan cannot be reasonably estimated
 such amounts have been
excluded from the table above. See Note 15 to our audited consolidated financial statements. 




 2013 and interest on our variable rate debt of
$130.6 million based on the rates in effect at December&nbsp;31
 2013. Interest that may be due in the future on the variable rate portion of our senior secured credit facilities will vary based on the interest rate in effect at the time and the
borrowings outstanding at the time. Future interest payments on our interest rate swaps will vary based on the interest rates in effect at each respective settlement date. Excluded from the table above are expected cash receipts related to the
interest rate swaps. 




The process
of preparing our financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenue
 and expenses. These estimates and
judgments are based on historical experience
 future expectations
 and other factors and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The most significant estimates and judgments are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are revised
when necessary. Actual amounts may differ from these estimates and judgments. A summary of our significant accounting policies is contained in Note&nbsp;2 to our audited consolidated financial statements. 


and customer-related intangible assets. Perpetual trademarks and goodwill are 
 




evaluated for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and on an interim basis when circumstances arise that indicate a possible impairment to ensure that the carrying value is recoverable. A
perpetual trademark is impaired if its book value exceeds its estimated fair value. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment if we determine that it is more likely than not the book value of its reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value.
Amortizable intangible assets are only evaluated for impairment upon a significant change in the operating environment. If an evaluation of the undiscounted cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its estimated fair value
Considerable management judgment is necessary to initially value intangible
assets upon acquisition and to evaluate those assets and goodwill for impairment going forward. We determine fair value using widely accepted valuation techniques
 including discounted cash flows
 market multiples analyses
 and relief from royalty
analyses. Assumptions used in our valuations
 such as forecasted growth rates and our cost of capital
 are consistent with our internal projections and operating plans. We believe that a trademark has an indefinite life if it has a history of strong
sales and cash flow performance that we expect to continue for the foreseeable future. If these perpetual trademark criteria are not met
 the trademarks are amortized over their expected useful lives. Determining the expected life of a trademark
requires considerable management judgment and is based on an evaluation of a number of factors including the competitive environment
 trademark history
 and anticipated future trademark support. 

 but variations in any of the
assumptions may result in different calculations of fair values that could result in a material impairment charge. Based on the baseline valuation performed in 2011
 the fair value of each of our reporting units exceeds its related carrying value by
approximately $1.2&nbsp;billion or 106.7% and $193&nbsp;million or 46.4% for the WhiteWave and Alpro reporting units
 respectively. The results of our qualitative assessment conducted in 2012 and 2013 did not indicate that it was more likely than
not that the fair value of any of our reporting units was less than its carrying amount. Thus
 we did not record an impairment. We can provide no assurance that we will not have impairment charges in future periods as a result of changes in our
We believe the assumptions used in valuing our indefinite-lived trade names and in our impairment
analysis are reasonable
 but variations in any of the assumptions may result in different calculations of fair values that could result in a material impairment charge. Based on the baseline valuation performed in 2012
 the fair value of each of our
trade names exceeds its related carrying value by approximately $551.5 million or 212.4% and $62.7&nbsp;million or 68.8% for the WhiteWave and Alpro reporting units&#146; trade names
 respectively. The results of our qualitative assessment conducted
in 2013 did not indicate that it was more likely than not that the fair value of any of our trade names was less than its carrying amount. Thus
 we did not record an impairment. We can provide no assurance that we will not have impairment charges in
Revenue Recognition
 Sales Incentives and Trade
We routinely offer sales incentives and discounts through various regional and national programs to our
customers and to consumers. These programs include rebates
 shelf-price reductions
 in-store display incentives
 coupons
 and other trade promotional activities. These programs
 as well as amounts paid to customers for shelf-space in retail stores
are considered reductions in the price of our products and thus are recorded as reductions to gross sales. Some of these incentives are recorded by estimating incentive costs based on our historical experience and expected levels of performance of
the trade promotion. We maintain liabilities at the end of each period for the estimated incentive costs incurred but unpaid for these programs
 which are recorded as a reduction in our trade accounts receivable balance. Differences between
estimated and actual incentive costs are normally not material and are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined. This process for analyzing and settling trade promotion programs with customers could impact the
Company&#146;s results of operations and trade spending accruals depending on how actual results of the programs compare to original estimates. 
 



 

on their fair values. The fair values of certain awards are estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing formula
 which incorporates certain assumptions regarding the expected term of an award and expected stock price
volatility. The expected term was based on the assumption used by the Company&#146;s peers
 as we did not have relevant company-specific history as a separately-traded company. The expected volatility was based on the historic volatility for each of
the peers. After calculating the aggregate fair value of an award
 we use an estimated forfeiture rate to discount the amount of share-based compensation costs to be recognized in the operating results over the service period of the award. The
forfeiture assumption is based on its historical pre-vesting cancellation experience. Key assumptions are described in further detail in Note 13 to our audited consolidated financial statements. 
Property
 Plant
 and Equipment 

 plant
 and equipment when circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable.
Indicators of impairment could include significant changes in business environment or planned closure of a facility. Our property
 plant
 and equipment totaled $659.7&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;31
 2013. In connection with asset disposal
activity
 we recorded an impairment charge in the amount of $20.9&nbsp;million in the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. See Note 3 to our audited consolidated financial statements. There were no impairment charges recorded in the years ending
December&nbsp;31
 2012
 and 2011
Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating changes
and to estimate asset useful lives and future cash flows. If actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate estimated future cash flows
 we may be exposed to impairment losses that could be material. 
In
the ordinary course of business there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying our income tax positions. We record a liability for uncertain tax positions to the extent a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return does not meet certain
recognition or measurement criteria. Considerable management judgment is necessary to assess the inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of complex tax laws
 regulations
 and taxing authority procedures and rulings
 as well as to the
expiration of statutes of limitations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our judgments and estimates concerning uncertain tax positions may change as a result of the evaluation of new information
 such as the outcome of tax audits or changes
to
 or further interpretations of
 tax laws and regulations. For those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 we have recorded the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50% likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained
 no tax benefit has been
A valuation allowance is recorded against a deferred tax asset if it is not more likely than not
that the asset will be realized. Significant judgment is required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance
 management considers all available evidence for each
jurisdiction including past operating results
 estimates of future taxable income
 the remaining years available for net operating loss carryforwards
 and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. In the event that the Company changes its
determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized
 the Company will adjust its valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. 
 



 

 as well as accounting guidance that has been recently issued but not yet adopted by us
are included in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements. 




We are
exposed to commodity price fluctuations
 including for organic and conventional raw milk
 butterfat
 almonds
 organic and non-GMO soybeans
 sweeteners
 and other commodity costs used in the manufacturing
 packaging
 and distribution of our products
including utilities
 natural gas
 resin
 and diesel fuel. To secure adequate supplies of materials and bring greater stability to the cost of raw material and inputs and their related manufacturing
 packaging
 and distribution we routinely enter
into forward purchase contracts and other purchase arrangements with suppliers. Under the forward purchase contracts
 we commit to purchasing agreed-upon quantities of raw materials and inputs at agreed-upon prices at specified future dates. The
outstanding purchase commitment for these commodities at any point in time typically ranges from one month&#146;s to one year&#146;s anticipated requirements
 depending on the ingredient or commodity. These contracts are considered normal purchases.
We periodically utilize commodity forward purchase contracts and supplier pricing agreements to hedge the risk of adverse movements in
commodity prices for limited time periods for certain commodities. Although we may utilize forward purchase contracts and other instruments to mitigate the risks related to commodity price fluctuations
 such strategies do not fully mitigate
commodity price risk. Adverse movements in commodity prices over the terms of the contracts or instruments could decrease the economic benefits we derive from these strategies. 
Borrowings
under the senior secured credit facilities currently bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.50% per annum for the $250&nbsp;million term loan A-1 facility
 LIBOR plus 1.75% per annum for the $250&nbsp;million term loan A-2 facility
 and LIBOR plus
2.00% per annum for the $500&nbsp;million term loan A-3 facility. Accordingly
 we are subject to market risk with respect to changes in LIBOR. 

 Dean Foods novated to us certain of its interest rate swaps with a notional value of $650 million
and a maturity date of March&nbsp;31
 2017. We follow fair value accounting for these agreements and record the fair value of these outstanding contracts on the balance sheet at the end of each reporting period. These swap agreements have fixed
interest rates between 2.75% and 3.19%. We are subject to market risk with respect to changes in the underlying benchmark interest rate that impact the fair value of the interest rate swaps. 

 2013
 the majority of our debt obligations are hedged at fixed rates and the remaining debt obligations are currently
at variable rates. We have performed a sensitivity analysis assuming a hypothetical 10% movement in interest rates. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 the impact to net income of a 10% change in interest rates is estimated to be
approximately $0.02 million
 which excludes any impact from our new term loan A-3 facility. 

 respectively
 as of and for the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. Sales in foreign countries
 as well as certain expenses related to those sales
 are transacted in currencies other than our reporting currency
 the U.S. Dollar. Our foreign currency exchange rate risk is primarily
limited to the Euro and the British Pound. We may
 from time to time
 employ derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency rates or enter into forward currency exchange contracts to hedge our net
investment and intercompany payable or receivable balances in foreign operations. 
 


























Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012





Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011





Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and
2011





Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&#146; Equity for the years ended December&nbsp;
31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011





Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011





























4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Transactions with Morningstar Foods
 LLC (&#147;Morningstar&#148;)

















7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment



























































17.&nbsp;&nbsp;Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information





























 



REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


 Colorado 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The WhiteWave Foods Company and subsidiaries (the
&#147;Company&#148;) as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
 2013. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
In our opinion
 such consolidated financial statements
present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of The WhiteWave Foods Company and subsidiaries as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31
 2013


 the financial statements include allocations of expenses and debt from Dean Foods Company. These allocations may not be reflective of the actual level


 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
2013
 based on the criteria established in Internal Control &#150; Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28
 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion on
the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 
Denver
 Colorado 
February 28
 2014 
F-1




 
 
 














December&nbsp;31













(In thousands
 except share

























101
105



69
373


Trade receivables
 net of allowance of $1
345 and $1
171


146
864



105
592









17
912





158
569



146
647





26
588



21
044





23
095



22
253















456
221



382
821


Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net


659
683



624
642


Identifiable intangible and other assets
 net


394
937



394
962





772
343



765
586















2
283
184



2
168
011



































357
106



295
864





15
000



15
000





14
294



11
678















386
400



322
542





647
650



765
550





237
765



218
285





49
930



76
678















1
321
745



1
383
055






















Preferred stock
 $0.01 par value; 170
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2013 and
2012









Class&nbsp;A common stock
 $0.01 par value; 1
700
000
000 shares authorized
 173
452
896 issued and outstanding at
December&nbsp;31
 2013; 23
000
000 issued and outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2012


1
735






Class B common stock
 $0.01 par value; 175
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2013;
150
000
000 issued and outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2012






1
500





851
017



792
828





117
127



18
086





(8
440



(27
688















961
439



784
956















2
283
184



2
168
011












 
F-2




 
 
 


















Year ended December&nbsp;31
















(In thousands
 except share and per share data)





2
503
487



2
175
374



1
916
830





37
063



109
513



108
921





1
513



4
551























2
542
063



2
289
438



2
025
751





1
634
646



1
485
494



1
341
310



















907
417



803
944



684
441









36
034



42
680



















528
233



492
130



414
724





197
526



167
595



136
703





24
226



























749
985



659
725



551
427



















157
432



180
253



175
694



















18
027



9
924



9
149


Other expense (income)
 net


(3
829



























14
198



10
881



9
271



















143
234



169
372



166
423





44
193



56
858



52
089



















99
041



112
514



114
334


Gain on sale of discontinued operations
 net of tax










3
616


Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax






2
056



(27
105



















99
041



114
973



90
845









(1
279



16
550



















99
041



113
694



107
395

































173
120
689



153
770
492



150
000
000





174
581
468



153
770
497



150
000
000


















































































































 
F-3




 
 
 


















Year ended December&nbsp;31






















99
041



114
973



90
845


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax













Change in minimum pension liability
 net of tax of ($480)
 $506 and&nbsp;$87


1
025













17
724



10
199



(11
786


Change in fair value of derivative instruments
 net of tax of ($316)
 $286 and ($134)



























Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax


19
248



8
647



(11
667



















118
289



123
620



79
178









(1
279



16
550



















118
289



122
341



95
728
















 
F-4




 
 
 



























































































Foods&#146;&nbsp;
Net













(In thousands
 except share data)


Balance at January&nbsp;1
 2011


























1
134
568



(24
668



14
563



1
124
463





























107
395











107
395





























(75
955











(75
955





























6
246











6
246





































6
754



6
754





































(16
550



(16
550





















































































































(11
786







(11
786






















































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2011


























1
172
254



(36
335



4
767



1
140
686


Net Income attributable to The WhiteWave Foods Company - January&nbsp;1
 2012 through October&nbsp;31
 2012


























95
608











95
608


Net Income attributable to The WhiteWave Foods Company - November&nbsp;1
 2012 through December&nbsp;31
 2012






















18
086















18
086





























(850
373











(850
373





























7
473











7
473


Issuance of common stock in connection with the initial public offering
 net of offering costs


23
000
000















367
310



















367
540













150
000
000



1
500



423
462







(424
962

































2
056



















2
056





































1
932



1
932





































1
279



1
279





































(7
978



(7
978





















































































































10
199







10
199






















































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2012


23
000
000







150
000
000



1
500



792
828



18
086







(27
688







784
956

























99
041















99
041












































Issuance of common stock
 net of tax impact of share-based compensation


453
586

























































18
931



















18
931





















39
463



















39
463





82
086
000







(82
086
000











































































67
913
310







(67
913
310







































































































1
025







1
025

































17
724







17
724






















































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2013


173
452
896



1
735











851
017



117
127







(8
440







961
439












































 
F-5




 
 
 


















Year ended December&nbsp;31




































99
041



114
973



90
845









(2
056



27
105


Gain on sale of discontinued operations
 net










(3
616



















81
905



74
354



67
990





18
931



9
529



6
246





2
414



1
030



2
513


Loss on disposals and other
 net


1
909



8
617



2
361





18
109





















31
020





(3
410



1
151









(1
933



3
131



1
618


Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 net of acquisitions/divestitures:













Trade receivables
 net


(46
192



(2
419



(9
650





17
912



(6
827









(7
964



(18
509



(18
488





(2
951



1
017



(4
030


Accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other long-term liabilities


8
695



46
039



27
542





(1
480



10
287























184
941



239
092



221
507









(2
571



19
054



















184
941



236
521



240
561





















Payments for property
 plant
 and equipment


(131
769



(102
931



(126
755









3
356









92
352



1
490























(39
417



(98
085



(126
045









5
900























(39
417



(92
185



(126
262





















Proceeds from initial public offering
 net of offering costs






367
540













500
000













(1
155
000






Distributions to Dean Foods
 net






(130
844



(109
667





(15
000



























624
150



519
200









(727
050



(238
650













150
735



319
671









(166
650



(303
756





1
298































(12
403













(6
046



6
754



















(116
974



(172
118



(87
098

































(116
974



(172
387



(87
596





3
182







(3
528



















31
732



(27
614



23
175


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of period


69
373



96
987



73
812
















Cash and cash equivalents
 end of period


101
105



69
373



96
987






























Cash paid for interest and financing charges
 net of capitalized interest


16
556



15
217



15
478





47
063



45
302



27
420





6
422













23
710













27
773













10
797

















440
255













424
962













68
858













1
155
000






 
F-6




 


 2013
 2012
Unless
otherwise indicated
 references in this report to &#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148;
 &#147;our&#148;
 &#147;WhiteWave&#148;
 or the &#147;Company&#148; refer to The WhiteWave Foods Company&#146;s operations
 taken as a whole. 
 


 market
 distribute
 and sell branded
plant-based foods and beverages
 coffee creamers and beverages
plant-based foods and beverages

coffee creamers and beverages
premium dairy products
 while our European brands of plant-based foods and beverages include 

WWF Operating Company (&#147;WWF Opco&#148;) was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dean Foods Company (&#147;Dean Foods&#148;).
Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 WWF Opco held substantially all of the historical assets and liabilities related to the business that we acquired pursuant to the transactions described below. 
The WhiteWave Foods Company was incorporated on July&nbsp;17
 2012 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dean Foods to acquire
the capital stock of WWF Opco. The Company had nominal assets and no liabilities
 and conducted no operations prior to the completion of our initial public offering. 
In connection with the our initial public offering
 we filed a prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities
Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October&nbsp;26
 2012 (the &#147;Prospectus&#148;). The Prospectus describes the details of our initial public offering and the separation of our business from Dean Foods&#146; other businesses.
The following transactions occurred in connection with our initial public offering and the separation of our
business from Dean Foods&#146; other businesses: 





On October&nbsp;5
 2012
 WWF Opco issued a series of intercompany notes to Dean Foods in the aggregate principal amount of $1.155 billion to
evidence the payment of a dividend by WWF Opco to Dean Foods. The notes had various maturity dates beginning in October 2013 and continuing until May 2014
 and bore interest at a fixed rate of 2.733%&nbsp;per annum. The notes were unsecured and not
guaranteed. 





On October&nbsp;12
 2012
 the Company entered into a credit agreement
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors listed therein
 Bank of America
N.A.
 as administrative agent
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as syndication agent
 and the other lenders party thereto (the &#147;Credit Agreement&#148;). The Credit Agreement governs the Company&#146;s senior secured credit facilities
 which consist
of a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $850 million and term loan facilities in an aggregate principal amount of $500 million. 






On October&nbsp;15
 2012
 we amended and restated our certificate of incorporation and by-laws
 increased the total number of authorized shares of
our capital stock to 2
045
000
000 shares
 and created two classes of common stock that have the same economic rights
 including with respect to dividends and distributions. Class&nbsp;A common stock is entitled to one vote per share
 and Class B
common stock was 
F-7








entitled to ten votes per share with respect to all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders
 subject
 in the case of the Class B common stock
 to reduction in accordance with terms of the
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. The common stock held by Dean Foods prior to our initial public offering was reclassified into Class B common stock. Each share of Class B common stock was convertible into one share of Class&nbsp;A
common stock at any time at Dean Foods&#146; election and automatically in certain circumstances. Our capital stock includes 170
000
000 authorized shares of preferred stock. 






On October&nbsp;31
 2012
 we completed our initial public offering and sold 23
000
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock at a price of $17.00 per
share. Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 Dean Foods contributed the capital stock of WWF Opco to us in exchange for 150
000
000 shares of our Class B common stock. 






On October&nbsp;31
 2012
 the Company incurred approximately $885 million in new indebtedness under its senior secured credit facilities and
contributed substantially all of the net proceeds to WWF Opco. We also contributed $282 million of the net proceeds from our initial public offering to WWF Opco
 which used those proceeds
 together with substantially all of the net proceeds under
the Credit Agreement
 to repay then-outstanding obligations under intercompany notes owed to Dean Foods
 as described above. 





On November&nbsp;1
 2012
 the remaining net proceeds from our initial public offering were used to repay a portion of the indebtedness then
outstanding under the revolving portion of our senior secured credit facilities. 





In connection with our initial public offering
 Dean Foods novated to us certain of its interest rate swaps with a notional value of $650 million
and a maturity date of March&nbsp;31
 2017. These swap agreements have fixed interest rates between 2.75% and 3.19%. See Note 12 &#147;Derivative Financial Instruments.&#148; 


 we are retrospectively presenting the consolidated financial
The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;U.S. GAAP&#148;). In the opinion of management
 all adjustments
 consisting principally of normal
recurring adjustments
For periods prior to
the completion of our initial public offering on October&nbsp;31
 2012
 our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a stand-alone basis and derived from Dean Foods&#146; consolidated financial statements and accounting records using
the historical results of operations and assets and liabilities attributed to our operations
 and include allocations of expenses from Dean Foods. Our consolidated and segment results are not necessarily indicative of our future performance and do


 Dean Foods provided certain corporate services to us
 and costs associated with these functions were allocated to us. These allocations included costs
related to corporate services
 such as executive management
 supply chain
 information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
 investor relations
 human resources
 risk management
 tax
 treasury
 and other services
 as well as stock-based
compensation expense attributable to our employees and an allocation of stock-based compensation attributable to employees of Dean Foods. The costs of such services were allocated to us based on the most relevant allocation method to the service
provided
 primarily based on relative percentage of total net sales
 relative percentage of headcount
 or specific identification. The total amount of these allocations from Dean Foods was approximately $50.7 million from January&nbsp;1
 2012 to the
date of our initial public offering (which includes 
F-8




 
$17.5&nbsp;million of transaction costs related to our initial public offering)
 and $32.7 million in the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. These cost allocations are primarily reflected within
general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations as well as classified as &#147;Corporate and other&#148; in Note 17 &#147;Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information.&#148; Management believes the basis on which
the expenses have been allocated to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to or the benefit received by us during the periods presented. Dean Foods continues to provide limited services on a transitional basis for a fee
Upon completion of our initial public offering
 we assumed responsibility for the costs of
these functions. The allocations may not reflect the expense we would have incurred as a stand-alone public company for the periods presented. Actual costs that may have been incurred if we had been a stand-alone public company would depend on a
number of factors
 including the chosen organizational structure
 what functions were outsourced or performed by employees
 and strategic decisions made in certain areas. 
Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 total equity represented Dean Foods&#146; interest in our recorded
net assets. Dean Foods&#146; net investment balance represented the cumulative net investment by Dean Foods in us through October&nbsp;31
 2012
 including any prior net income or loss or other comprehensive income or loss attributed to us and
contributions received from or distributions made to Dean Foods. Certain transactions between us and other related parties that are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods
 including allocated expenses and settlement of intercompany transactions
We were allocated a portion of Dean Foods&#146;
consolidated debt based on amounts directly incurred by us to fund the acquisition of Alpro in July 2009. Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 interest expense had been allocated based on the historical interest rates of the Dean
Foods senior secured credit facility during each period presented
 as this revolver was drawn to fund the Alpro acquisition. Debt issuance costs were allocated in the same proportion as the debt. In connection with our initial public offering
 the
allocated portion of the Dean Foods senior secured credit facility was settled as a contribution to our capital from Dean Foods. Management believes the basis of historical allocation for debt
 interest expense
 and debt issuance costs was
reasonable. However
 these amounts may not be indicative of the actual amounts that we would have incurred had we been a stand-alone public company for the periods presented. See Note 11 &#147;Debt and Allocated Portion of Dean Foods&#146;
Certain reclassifications of previously reported amounts have been made to conform to the current
year presentation in the audited consolidated statements of cash flows
 Note 13 &#147;Share-Based Compensation&#148; and Note 17 &#147;Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information.&#148; These reclassifications did not impact previously reported
amounts on the Company&#146;s audited consolidated balance sheets
 statements of operations and statements of cash flows. 

On May&nbsp;23
 2013
 Dean Foods distributed (the &#147;Distribution&#148;) to its stockholders an aggregate of 47
686
000
shares of our Class&nbsp;A common stock
 par value $0.01 per share (the &#147;Class A common stock&#148;)
 and 67
914
000 shares of our Class B common stock
 par value $0.01 per share (the &#147;Class B common stock&#148;)
 as a pro rata dividend to
Dean Foods stockholders at the close of business on May&nbsp;17
 2013
 the record date for the Distribution. Effective upon the Distribution
 and in accordance with the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 we reduced the
number of votes per share of our Class B common stock with respect to all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders
 other than the election and removal of directors
 to one vote per share. 
Prior to the Distribution
 Dean Foods converted 82
086
000 shares of our Class B common stock into 82
086
000 shares of
our Class&nbsp;A common stock in accordance with the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 of which 47
686
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock were distributed to Dean Foods stockholders in the Distribution. As a result
of and immediately after the Distribution
 Dean Foods owned 
F-9




 
34
400
000 shares of our Class&nbsp;A Common stock and no shares of our Class B common stock. Under the terms of the separation and distribution agreement
 Dean Foods was required to dispose of
any remaining ownership interest in us within three years of the Distribution
 or May&nbsp;23
 2016. On July&nbsp;25
 2013 Dean Foods disposed of all of its remaining 34
400
000 shares of our Class&nbsp;A common stock in a registered public
offering. We did not receive any proceeds from this offering. As a result of and immediately after the closing of this offering
 Dean Foods no longer owned any shares of our common stock and had no ownership interest in us. 


 2013
 the Company&#146;s stockholders approved the conversion of to convert all of the outstanding shares of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;B common stock into shares of the
Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A common stock. All of the 67
913
310 shares of Class&nbsp;B common stock outstanding were converted on a one-for-one basis into shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock. 
The conversion had no impact on the economic interests of the holders of Class&nbsp;A common stock and the former holders
of Class&nbsp;B common stock. The conversion had no impact on the total issued and outstanding shares of the Company&#146;s common stock although it increased the number of shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock outstanding in an amount equivalent to
the number of shares of Class&nbsp;B common stock outstanding immediately prior to the conversion. 
 


in a variable interest entity of which we were the primary beneficiary is also consolidated. We reflected the remaining portion of the variable interest entity that is not wholly-owned as non-controlling interest related to our Hero Group
All sales and financing transactions with Dean Foods and its subsidiaries
are considered to be settled for cash in the consolidated statement of cash flows at the time the transaction is recorded for periods prior to completion of our initial public offering. All transactions and balances between us and other wholly-owned
subsidiaries of Dean Foods are reported in the consolidated financial statements. 
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to use our judgment to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 


 2013 and 2012
 cash is comprised of cash held in bank accounts. We consider temporary investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.


 first-out method. The costs of finished goods inventories include raw materials
 direct labor
 indirect
production
 and overhead costs. Reserves for obsolete or excess inventory are not material. 
F-10




Property
 Plant
 and Equipment 
Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost
 plus capitalized interest on borrowings during the actual construction
period of major capital projects. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance that do not improve or extend the life of the assets are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
the assets
 as follows: 
























Over&nbsp;the&nbsp;shorter&nbsp;of&nbsp;the&nbsp;term&nbsp;of&nbsp;the
applicable&nbsp;lease&nbsp;agreement&nbsp;or&nbsp;useful&nbsp;life

Our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets have resulted from acquisitions. Upon acquisition
 the purchase price is
first allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities
 including customer-related intangible assets and trademarks
 with any remaining purchase price recorded as goodwill. Goodwill and trademarks with indefinite lives are not amortized. 
A trademark is determined to have an indefinite life if it has a history of strong sales and cash flow performance that
we expect to continue for the foreseeable future. If these perpetual trademark criteria are not met
 the trademarks are amortized over their expected useful lives. Determining the expected life of a trademark is based on a number of factors
including the competitive environment
 trademark history
 and anticipated future trademark support. 
Identifiable intangible assets
 other than indefinite-lived trademarks
 are typically amortized over the following range
of estimated useful lives: 


















In accordance with accounting standards related to goodwill and other intangibles assets
 we do not amortize goodwill and
other intangible assets determined to have indefinite useful lives. Instead
 we conduct impairment tests on our goodwill and indefinite-lived trademarks annually in the fourth quarter and on an interim basis when circumstances indicate that the
A qualitative
assessment of goodwill was performed in 2013 and 2012. We assessed economic conditions and industry and market considerations
 in addition to the overall financial performance of each of our reporting units. Based on the results of our assessment
we determined that it was not more likely than not that any of our reporting units had a carrying value in excess of its fair value. Accordingly
 no further goodwill impairment testing was completed. We did not recognize any impairment charges
related to goodwill during 2013
 2012
A qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangibles was
performed during 2013. In 2012
 a quantitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangibles was performed. We assessed economic conditions and industry and market considerations
 in addition to the overall financial performance of each trade name.
Based on the results of our assessment
 we determined that it was not more likely than not that any of our trade names had a carrying 
F-11




 
value in excess of its fair value. Accordingly
 no further indefinite-lived intangibles impairment testing was completed. We did not recognize any impairment charges related to indefinite-lived
intangibles during 2013
 2012
Long-lived assets
 including property
 plant
 and equipment and
definite-lived intangible assets
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any goodwill impairment test. Recoverability of assets to be
held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is
recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. There were no indicators of impairment
 apart from our asset exit and disposal activities recorded in 2013
 of long-lived assets identified in
2012 or 2011. See Note 3 &#147;Asset Disposal and Exit Costs.&#148; 
Prior to the Distribution
 we participated in Dean Foods&#146; consolidated defined contribution plan and contributed to a
multiemployer pension plan on behalf of some of our employees. Effective upon the Distribution
 the Company implemented its own substantially similar employee benefit plans and our employees are no longer eligible to participate in Dean Foods&#146;
plans. We also have four separate
 stand-alone defined benefit pension plans as a result of the acquisition of Alpro on July&nbsp;2
 2009
 and we contribute to one multiemployer pension plan on behalf of certain of our North America employees.
We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of defined benefit pension plans as an asset or liability
on our consolidated balance sheets and recognize changes in the funded status in the year in which changes occur
 through accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan
assets and benefit obligation (the projected benefit obligation for pension plans). Actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs and credits that have not been recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost previously are recorded as a
component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Plan assets and obligations are measured as of December&nbsp;31 of each year. See Note 15 &#147;Employee Retirement Plans.&#148; 


 currency exchange rates and raw materials purchasing. Our derivative
instruments are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. For a derivative designated as a cash flow hedge
 the effective portion of the derivative&#146;s mark to fair value is initially reported as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive earnings and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the mark to fair value associated with all hedges is reported in earnings immediately. Derivatives that do not
qualify for hedge accounting are marked to fair value with gains and losses immediately recorded in earnings. In the consolidated statements of cash flows
 derivative activities are classified based on the items being hedged. 
Realized gains and losses from hedges are classified in the consolidated statements of earnings consistent with the
accounting treatment of the items being hedged. Upon the early designation of an effective derivative contract
 the gains or losses are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive earnings until the originally hedged item affects earnings. Any gains
Share-Based Compensation
On August&nbsp;7
 2012
 the Dean Foods Compensation Committee
 the Dean Foods board of directors
 and
our board of directors approved the terms of our 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#147;2012 SIP&#148;). In connection with our initial public offering
 20&nbsp;million shares of our Class&nbsp;A common stock were reserved for issuance under the 2012

F-12




 
SIP upon the exercise of future stock options
 restricted stock units
 or restricted stock that will be issued under our employee benefit plans. The purpose of the plan is to attract and retain
non-employee directors
 executive personnel
 other key employees and consultants to motivate them by means of performance related incentives and to enable them to participate in our growth and financial success. Eligibility to participate in the
2012 SIP is limited to our employees (including officers and directors who are employees)
 non-employee directors
 and consultants
 and employees
 non-employee directors
 and consultants of our subsidiaries. 
Share-based compensation expense is recognized ratably over the vesting period based on the grant date fair value. The
fair value of option awards is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The fair value of restricted stock units (&#147;RSUs&#148;) is equal to the closing price of our common stock on the date of the grant.
Compensation expense is recognized only for equity awards expected to vest. Share-based compensation expense is included within general and administrative expenses. 
Pursuant to the SIP and in connection with our initial public offering
 the Company granted equity to certain of our
executive officers and employees (the &#147;IPO Grants&#148;). Prior to the Distribution
 certain of the Company&#146;s employees participated in share-based compensation plans sponsored by Dean Foods. These plans provided employees with RSUs
options to purchase shares of Dean Foods&#146; common stock
 and other stock-based awards. Given that the Company&#146;s employees directly benefit from participation in these plans
 the expense incurred by Dean Foods for stock and options granted
specifically to our employees has been reflected in the Company&#146;s consolidated statements of operations for years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. These amounts were based on the awards and terms previously granted to our employees
but may not reflect the equity awards or results that we would have experienced or expect to experience as a stand-alone public company. No new grants of Dean Foods&#146; equity were made to our employees after completion of our initial public
On May&nbsp;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards
held by 162 of our non-employee directors and employees were converted into equity-based awards with respect to our Class&nbsp;A common stock. These Dean Foods equity-based awards included Dean Foods stock options (whether vested or unvested)
unvested RSUs and unvested Dean Foods restricted stock awards held by our non-employee directors on the date of the Distribution. The options to purchase Dean Foods common stock held by our directors and employees were converted to options to
purchase our Class&nbsp;A common stock in a manner that preserved the life and aggregate intrinsic value in the converted stock option and continued the same proportionate relationship between the exercise price and the value of our Class&nbsp;A
common stock as existed with respect to the Dean Foods common stock immediately prior to the Distribution. The adjustment was effected based on a formula using the volume weighted average price of Dean Foods common stock and our Class&nbsp;A common
stock during the five trading day period ended on the second trading day preceding the Distribution. The unvested Dean Foods RSUs held by our directors and employees were converted to WhiteWave RSUs in a manner that
 on a unit-by-unit basis
preserved the life and intrinsic value of each outstanding Dean Foods RSU (determined using the same volume weighted average values as described above). The unvested Dean Foods phantom shares held by our employees were converted to WhiteWave phantom
shares in a manner that
 on a unit-by-unit basis
 preserved the life and intrinsic value of each outstanding Dean Foods phantom share (determined using the same volume weighted average values as described above). Dean Foods restricted stock awards
held by our directors on the date of the Distribution were converted into restricted stock awards with respect to our Class&nbsp;A common stock by (i)&nbsp;applying the same volume weighted average values as described above and (ii)&nbsp;subtracting
any shares of our Class&nbsp;A common stock and Class B common stock received by our directors in the Distribution in respect of such Dean Foods restricted stock awards. We did not recognize any incremental expense in connection with the conversion




 the price is fixed or determinable
 the product has been delivered to the customer
 and there is a reasonable assurance of
collection of the sales proceeds. Sales are recorded net of allowances for returns
 trade promotions
 and other discounts. We routinely 
F-13




 
offer sales incentives and discounts through various regional and national programs to our customers and to consumers. These programs include rebates
 shelf-price reductions
 in-store display
incentives
 coupons
 and other trade promotional activities. These programs
 as well as amounts paid to customers for shelf-space in retail stores
 are considered reductions in the price of our products and thus are recorded as reductions to gross
sales. Some of these incentives are recorded by estimating incentive costs based on our historical experience and expected levels of performance of the trade promotion. We maintain allowances at the end of each period for the estimated incentive
costs incurred but unpaid for these programs
 which are recorded as a reduction in our trade accounts receivable balance. Differences between estimated and actual incentive costs are normally not material and are recognized in earnings in the period
We generally provide credit terms to customers of net 10 days
 from invoice
date in the U.S. In Europe
 however
 terms vary by country. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and maintain allowances for potential credit losses based on our historical experience. Bad debt expense associated with uncollectible
accounts for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013


Sales to wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods of raw materials and the finished products that we manufacture have been
reflected as related party sales in our consolidated statements of operations through the Distribution date. 
In connection with our initial public offering
 we entered into an agreement with Morningstar Foods
 LLC
(&#147;Morningstar&#148;)
 pursuant to which it transferred back to us responsibility for its sales and associated costs of certain WhiteWave products. Morningstar remitted to us the cash representing the net profit collected from these product
sales until such time as the sales were transitioned to us. The net effect of the agreement is reflected as transitional sales fees in our consolidated statements of operations. We also entered into an agreement with Morningstar pursuant to which we
transferred to Morningstar responsibility for the sales and associated costs of our aerosol whipped topping and other non-core products. During this transition
 we provided certain services to Morningstar which included
 but were not limited to
taking and filling orders
 collecting receivables and shipping products to customers. We remitted to Morningstar the net profit associated with these product sales until the sales transitioned to Morningstar. See Note 4 &#147;Transactions with
Morningstar Foods
 LLC.&#148; 
We market our products through advertising and other promotional activities
 including media and agency. Advertising
expense is charged to income during the period incurred
 except for expenses related to the development of a major commercial or media campaign which are charged to income during the period in which the advertisement or campaign is first presented
to the public. Advertising expense totaled $169.5 million
 $172.6&nbsp;million
 and $138.9 million in 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively
 and is included in selling and distribution in our consolidated statements of operations. Prepaid advertising
was $0.3 million and $1.3&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
Shipping and Handling Fees
Our shipping and handling costs are included in both cost of sales and selling and distribution
expense
 depending on the nature of such costs. In cost of sales
 we include inventory warehouse costs and product loading and handling costs at Company-owned facilities. Costs associated with shipping products to customers through third-party
carriers and third-party inventory warehouse costs are included in selling and distribution expense and totaled $247.5 million
 $214.1 million
 and $171.9 million in 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively. 
F-14




 
We retain selected levels of property and casualty risks
 employee health care and other casualty losses. Many of these
potential losses are covered under conventional insurance programs with third-party carriers with high deductible limits. In other areas
 we are self-insured with stop-loss coverage. Accrued liabilities for incurred but not reported losses related
to these retained risks are calculated based upon loss development factors which contemplate a number of factors including claims history and expected trends. These loss development factors are developed in consultation with external insurance
At December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 we recorded accrued liabilities related to these
retained risks in the amounts of $3.0 million and $1.9 million
 respectively
 including both current and long-term liabilities. 


 new flavors
 and packaging and are primarily internal. We expense research and development costs
as incurred and they primarily relate to compensation
 facility costs and purchased research and development services
 materials and supplies. Our total research and development expense was $13.4 million
 $12.3 million
 and $11.1&nbsp;million for
2013
 2012
 and 2011


statements of our foreign subsidiaries are translated to U.S. Dollars. The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is generally the local currency of the country. Accordingly
 assets and liabilities of the foreign subsidiaries are translated
to U.S. Dollars at period-end exchange rates. Income and expense items are translated at the average rates prevailing during the period. Changes in exchange rates that affect cash flows and the related receivables or payables are recognized as
transaction gains and losses. Our transaction gains and losses are reflected in general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations. The cumulative translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
reflects the unrealized adjustments resulting from translating the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries. 


 the Company was included
in the Dean Foods&#146; U.S. consolidated federal income tax return and also filed some state income tax returns on a combined basis with Dean Foods. For periods subsequent to the Distribution
 the Company will file its own U.S. federal and state
income tax returns. In addition
 as a result of being included in the Dean Foods&#146; U.S. consolidated federal income tax return and Dean Foods&#146; payment of domestic taxes
 federal and state current income taxes payable for periods prior to
the completion of our initial public offering on October&nbsp;31
 2012
 are included in Dean Foods&#146; net investment in the Company&#146;s consolidated statements of shareholders&#146; equity. As part of the tax matters agreement with Dean Foods
the Company has agreed to reimburse Dean Foods and Dean Foods has agreed to reimburse the Company
 as applicable
 for any pre-Distribution domestic tax liabilities that may be redetermined by a taxing authority in the future. Foreign income tax
liabilities are paid by the Company and therefore are included in income taxes payable in the consolidated balance sheets. All of our wholly-owned domestic operating subsidiaries are included in the preparation of our U.S. federal consolidated tax
calculation. Our foreign subsidiaries are required to file local jurisdiction income tax returns with respect to their operations
 the earnings from which are expected to be reinvested indefinitely. At December&nbsp;31
 2013
 no provision had been
made for U.S. federal or state income tax on approximately $123.2 million of accumulated foreign earnings as they are considered to be permanently reinvested outside the U.S. Computation of the potential deferred tax liability associated with these
undistributed earnings and other basis differences is not practicable. 
F-15




Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between amounts
recorded in the consolidated financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are recognized to reduce deferred tax
We recognize the income tax benefit from an
uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that
 based on technical merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes. 


 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2013-11

 a Similar Tax Loss
 or Tax Credit Carryforward Exists
2013-11 requires that an unrecognized tax benefit
 or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit
 should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a
tax credit carryforward
 with certain exceptions. ASU 2013-11 is effective for the Company in the period beginning January&nbsp;1
 2014 and the Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on its
In March 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2013-05

Matters (Topic 830)
 
 2014. The Company does not expect the adoption of
In February 2013
 the FASB
amended the disclosure requirements regarding the reporting of amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income. The amendment does not change the current requirement for reporting net income or other comprehensive income
 but
requires additional disclosures about items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income
 including changes in balances by component
 significant items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income and the income statement
line items impacted by the reclassifications. We adopted this standard effective January&nbsp;1
 2013. See Note 14 &#147;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss.&#148; Other than the additional disclosure requirements
 the adoption of this standard did
In July 2012
 the FASB issued an
Accounting Standards Update related to &#147;Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangibles for Impairment.&#148; The purpose of the update is to simplify the guidance for testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment and permits entities to first
assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test. Unless an entity determines
 through its qualitative assessment
 that is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is
impaired
 it would not be required to calculate the fair value of the asset. This standard is effective for annual and interim impairment tests of indefinite-lived intangible assets performed in fiscal years beginning after September&nbsp;15
 2012
and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this standard as of January&nbsp;1
 2013 and its adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
During the fourth quarter of 2013
 management approved a plan to sell the operations of SoFine Foods BV
(&#147;SoFine&#148;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary that operates a soy-based meat-alternatives business in the Netherlands. Management&#146;s intention to pursue a sale is based on the strategic decision to exit this non-core business of the Europe
segment. As a result
 a write-down of $9.8 million was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2013. This charge is included in asset disposal and exit costs in our consolidated statements of operations. SoFine&#146;s assets and liabilities are included
in the Europe segment and the fair value was determined based on the estimated selling price
 less cost to sell. The disposition of the SoFine business is expected to be completed in the next 60&nbsp;days. The net assets and liabilities held for
sale and operating results of SoFine are immaterial. 
F-16




During the third quarter of 2013
 management approved a plan to sell the
assets of its dairy farm located in Idaho. Management&#146;s decision to pursue a sale is based on the strategic decision to focus on North America&#146;s core processing
 marketing and distribution capabilities. The assets were classified as held
for sale at $40.5&nbsp;million representing their fair value
 net of estimated costs to sell
 as of September&nbsp;30
 2013. As a result
 a non-cash write-down of $7.4 million was recorded during the third quarter of 2013. This charge is included in
asset disposal and exit costs in our consolidated statements of operations. The Idaho dairy farm assets were included in the North America segment and the fair value was determined based on the estimated selling price
 less cost to sell. 
In the fourth quarter of 2013
 in conjunction with the final sale of the Idaho dairy farm
 we recorded an additional
write-down of $3.7 million for a total impairment charge of $11.1 million included in asset disposal and exit costs in our consolidated statement of operations. Cash received at time of sale was $31.0 million
 net of disposal costs. In addition
 we
In
addition
 we recorded a charge of $3.3 million related to lease liabilities
 severance and related costs in connection with the Idaho dairy farm sale. This charge is included in asset disposal and exit costs in our consolidated statement of
operations and relate to our North America segment. Liabilities recorded and the changes therein for year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 were as follows: 
























December&nbsp;31











2
674







2
674

































3
306







3
306















These balances reflect our total estimated future cash payments. We expect cash payments
for the lease liability and severance and related costs to be completed in the next 12 months. 
4. Transactions with Morningstar Foods
 LLC (&#147;Morningstar&#148;) 
On January&nbsp;3
 2013 Dean Foods sold its wholly-owned subsidiary Morningstar to an unaffiliated
third party
 and therefore Morningstar is no longer considered a related party. In connection with this sale
 we modified certain of the commercial agreements between us and Morningstar. These modifications
 with the exception of the Morningstar
Asset Purchase Agreement
 are primarily timing modifications and will not have a material impact on our results of operations. 

In connection with Dean Foods&#146; sale of Morningstar
 we agreed to terminate an option to purchase plant capacity and
property at a Morningstar facility
 sell to Morningstar certain manufacturing equipment used to produce certain WhiteWave products
 and execute certain other transactions. The agreement was executed on December&nbsp;2
 2012
 but became effective on
January&nbsp;3
 2013
 immediately prior to the completion of Dean Foods&#146; sale of Morningstar
 and we received proceeds of $60 million as consideration. This transaction was accounted for as a contribution to equity and a purchase by Dean Foods.
The proceeds were used to repay a portion of the outstanding balance under the senior secured credit facilities. 


 we entered into an agreement with Morningstar
 a then wholly-owned Dean Foods subsidiary
 pursuant to which Morningstar transferred back
to us 
F-17




 
responsibility for sales and associated costs of certain WhiteWave products over a term of up to nine months after the completion of the Morningstar sale. During the year ended December&nbsp;31
2013
 Morningstar provided certain transitional services to us which included
 but were not limited to
 taking and filling orders
 collecting receivables
 and shipping products to our customers. Morningstar remitted to us the cash representing the
net profit collected from these product sales until such time as the sales transitioned to us. The net effect of the agreement is reflected as transitional sales fees of $1.5 million in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
December&nbsp;31


products. Per the agreement
 we provided certain transitional services to Morningstar which included
 but were not limited to
 taking and filling orders
 collecting receivables and shipping products to customers. We remitted to Morningstar the net
profit associated with these product sales until such time as the sales were transitioned to Morningstar. The net fees remitted for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 were $0.7 million. The services transition was substantially completed during
the early part of the second quarter of 2013. 
 
 
In the second quarter of 2011
 we began evaluating strategic alternatives related to our joint venture with Hero. During
the third quarter of 2011
 due to continued poor performance by the venture and a desire on our part to invest in core operations
 a recommendation was made to
 and approved by
 the joint venture partners to wind down the joint venture operations
during the fourth quarter of 2011. In conjunction with this action plan
 we wrote down the value of the joint venture&#146;s long-lived assets to fair value less costs to sell as of September&nbsp;30
 2011. At the end of 2012
 the Hero joint venture
wind down was completed. Our Hero operations have been classified as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011. The following is a summary of the operating results of our
discontinued operations: 














Year&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31

































8
614





2
559



(33
100









5
995





2
056



(27
105





1
279



(16
550

During 2012 and 2011
 Hero made cash contributions to the joint venture of $1.9 and
$6.8&nbsp;million
 respectively. As part of the joint venture wind down in 2012
 we made distributions of $8.0 million to Hero. 


 we committed to a plan to sell the business operations of Rachel&#146;s
 which provided organic branded dairy-based chilled yogurt
 milk
 and related dairy products
primarily in the United Kingdom. In September 2011
 we recorded an additional gain of $3.6 million on the sale of Rachel&#146;s as a result of working capital cash settlement
 and in 2012
 we recorded tax expense of $0.2 million related to the gain
on sale of Rachel&#146;s. These have been recorded in gain on sale of discontinued operations
 net of tax
 in our consolidated statements of operations. 
F-18




In relation to other prior discontinued operations
 we recorded a tax
benefit in 2012 of $0.6 million due to the release of a liability for an uncertain tax position. This has been recorded in gain on sale of discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 















December&nbsp;31



















67
956



71
548





90
613



75
099















158
569



146
647












7. Property
 Plant
 and Equipment 
 














December&nbsp;31



















38
968



49
334





295
057



285
190





696
513



644
575





10
136



9
355





59
584



29
472















1
100
258



1
017
926





(440
575



(393
284















659
683



624
642











Depreciation expense was $79.0 million
 $71.8 million
 and $65.4 million in 2013
 2012
and 2011
For 2013 and 2012
 we capitalized $0.8 million and $0.5 million
 respectively
 in
interest related to borrowings during the actual construction period of major capital projects
 which is included as part of the cost of the related asset. 
 
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 are
as follows: 
































Balance at January&nbsp;1
 2012


600
316



162
020



762
336









3
250



3
250
















Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2012


600
316



165
270



765
586









6
757



6
757
















Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2013


600
316



172
027



772
343
















F-19




There were no impairment charges related to goodwill during 2013
 2012
 or
The gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization of our intangible assets other than goodwill as
of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 are as follows: 






























December&nbsp;31


























































354
527







354
527



350
725







350
725
































39
221



(17
826



21
395



37
644



(14
714



22
930

























































394
716



(18
789



375
927



389
337



(15
676



373
661































The increase in the carrying amount of intangible assets with indefinite lives is the result of foreign currency translation adjustments.
Amortization expense on finite-lived intangible assets for the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011 was $2.9 million
 $2.5 million
 and $2.6 million
 respectively. Estimated aggregate finite-lived intangible asset amortization expense for the next five years is as follows (in millions): 







































 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 consisted of
the following: 














December&nbsp;31



















234
462



174
089





60
276



68
255





4
063



10
241





18
889



18
751





39
416



24
528















357
106



295
864












 
Our provision for income taxes has been prepared on a separate return basis as if the Company was a
stand-alone entity for periods prior to the Distribution. For periods prior to the Distribution
 the Company is included in the Dean Foods&#146; U.S. consolidated federal income tax return and also files some U.S. state income tax returns on a
combined basis with Dean Foods. Our foreign subsidiaries file local income tax returns in the jurisdictions in which they operate. 
F-20




The Company completed a number of transactions with Dean Foods under the tax
matters agreement and in connection with the spin-off
 including the transfer of deferred tax assets and liabilities prior to or at spin date. As a result of these transactions
 $13.3 million of net distributions are reflected in contributions to
equity in the consolidated statements of shareholders&#146; equity. In addition
 $3.5 million of our income tax payable is reflected as a reduction to contributions to equity in the consolidated statements of shareholders&#146; equity as a result of
being included in the Dean Foods&#146; U.S. consolidated federal income tax return
 Dean Foods&#146; payment of domestic taxes through the IPO date
 and the settlement of our 2012 tax sharing true-up payments with Dean Foods. 










































124
441



149
417



138
410





18
793



19
955



28
013



















143
234



169
372



166
423







































































34
219



45
121



15
737





7
937



8
581



5
411





2
082



2
394























44
238



56
096



21
578



















2
072



3
454



28
954





(1
990







2
551









(2
056































30
511



















44
193



56
858



52
089
























A reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal tax rate to the Company&#146;s effective tax rate is as follows:









































































































































































































F-21




In the table above
 the amounts for uncertain tax positions and deferred tax
The tax effects of temporary
differences giving rise to deferred income tax assets (liabilities) were: 














December&nbsp;31





























21
630



6
578





16
616



24
861





10
188



6
844





4
390



4
140





3
375



3
303





2
695



5
459





1
617



1
574

























60
385



52
235

























(163
286



(139
062


Property
 plant and equipment


(108
276



(110
414















(271
562



(249
476















(211
177



(197
241




















The net deferred income tax assets (liabilities) shown above are classified in our consolidated balance sheets as
follows: 














December&nbsp;31



















26
588



21
044





(237
765



(218
285















(211
177



(197
241











At December&nbsp;31
 2013
 we had $2.7 million of tax-effected state and foreign net
operating loss carryforwards
 some of which are subject to certain limitations and begin to expire in 2017. A valuation allowance of $0.1 million has been established at December&nbsp;31
 2013 because we do not believe it is more likely than not
that all of the deferred tax assets related to the state net operating loss carryforwards will be realized prior to expiration. 
F-22




The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending gross
unrecognized tax benefits
 recorded in our consolidated balance sheets: 



































10
433



12
573



39
862





1
756













1
562







1
086





(2
565







(28
451





(5
992













(1
319



(1
177























3
875



10
433



12
573















The additions to unrecognized tax benefits are attributable to U.S. federal and state and
foreign tax matters. The settlement of tax matters in 2013 is primarily from the closing of taxing authority examinations related to the Alpro acquisition in 2009
 which was substantially offset by the use of adjustments associated with transfer
Of the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December&nbsp;31
 2013
 $3.9 million would
impact our effective tax rate when released. Any changes to our liability for unrecognized tax benefits is not expected to have a material effect on our financial condition
 results of operations or liquidity. 
We recognize accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. Penalties
 if
incurred
 are recorded in general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. Income tax expense for 2013
 2012
 and 2011 included interest expense (income)
 of $0.1 million
 ($0.6) million
 and $nil
 respectively. Our
liability for uncertain tax positions included accrued interest of $0.4&nbsp;million and $0.3 million at December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012


 the statute for potential adjustments for the years 2007-2011 remains open
 pending further administrative
reviews. State income tax returns are generally subject to examination for a period of three to five years after filing. Our foreign income tax returns are generally subject to examination for a period of one to five years after filing. We have
various income tax returns in the process of examination
 appeals or settlement. 
 
 






















December&nbsp;31



























(In thousands
 except percentages)





662
650







780
550









(15
000







(15
000



























647
650







765
550



























Represents a weighted average rate
 including applicable interest rate margins
 for the senior secured revolving credit facility
 Term Loan A-1
 and
Term Loan A-2. 
F-23




 
On October&nbsp;12
 2012
 we entered into a credit agreement
 among us
 the subsidiary guarantors listed therein
 Bank of
America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as syndication agent
 and the other lenders party thereto. The Credit Agreement governs our senior secured credit facilities
 consisting of a five-year revolving credit facility in a
principal amount of $850 million
 an original five-year $250 million term loan A-1
 and an original seven-year $250 million term loan A-2. We capitalized $12.4 million of deferred financing fees
 which are being amortized over the term of the


guaranteed by our material domestic subsidiaries. Borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities currently bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.50%&nbsp;per annum or
 in the case of the $250 million term loan A-2 facility
 LIBOR plus
1.75%&nbsp;per annum. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013
As of
December&nbsp;31
 2013
 we had outstanding borrowings of $662.7 million under our $1.35 billion senior secured credit facilities
 of which $485.0 million consists of term loan borrowings and $177.7 million consists of borrowing under the $850
million revolving portion of our senior secured credit facilities. Our outstanding line of credit balance was $4.8 million. We had additional borrowing capacity of $667.5 million under our senior secured credit facilities
 which amount will vary
The scheduled maturities of
long-term debt at December&nbsp;31
 2013
 were as follows (in thousands): 





































15
000



12
500



2
500









21
250



18
750



2
500









21
250



18
750



2
500









190
000



187
500



2
500









180
150







2
500



177
650





235
000







235
000



























662
650



237
500



247
500



177
650



















In conjunction with the January&nbsp;2
 2014 acquisition of Earthbound Farm
 see Note 20
&#147;Subsequent Events&#148;
 under the terms of the Credit Agreement
 we entered into an Incremental Term Loan Agreement to establish a new incremental seven-year term loan A-3 facility in an aggregate principal amount of $500.0 million (the
&#147;Incremental Term Loan Agreement&#148;) that currently bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 2.00%&nbsp;per annum. We capitalized $3.3 million of deferred financing fees
 which are being amortized over the term of the term loan facility.
Deferred financing fees are included in identifiable intangible and other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. We also amended the Credit Agreement on January&nbsp;2
 2014
 in order to
 among other things
 reset an accordion feature that


 2014
 the terms of the senior secured credit facilities include the following: 





allows up to $75 million of letters of credit and up to $85 million of swing line loans under the revolving credit facility;






maturity on October&nbsp;31
 2017 for the term loan A-1 and revolving credit facility
 October&nbsp;31
 2019 for the term loan A-2 facility and
January&nbsp;2
 2021 for the term loan A-3; 
F-24









required amortization repayment in quarterly installments of the following amounts on the $250&nbsp;million term loan A-1 facility: $12.5 million in
2014
 $18.75 million in 2015 and 2016
 and $25.0&nbsp;million in 2017 with the balance at maturity
 in the case of the $250 million term loan A-2 facility
 $2.5 million in 2014 through 2019 with the balance at maturity
 and in the case of the $500
million term loan A-3 facility
 $5.0 million in 2014 through 2020 with the balance at maturity; 





an accordion feature allowing
 under certain circumstances
 the maximum principal amount of the senior secured credit facilities to be increased by
up to $500 million
 subject to lender commitments; 



















customary affirmative and negative covenants for agreements of this type
 including delivery of financial and other information
 compliance with
laws
 further assurances
 and limitations with respect to indebtedness
 liens
 fundamental changes
 restrictive agreements
 dispositions of assets
 acquisitions and other investments
 sale leaseback transactions
 conduct of business
 transactions
with affiliates
 and restricted payments; and 





financial covenants pertaining to (a)&nbsp;a maximum consolidated net leverage ratio initially set at 4.25 to 1.00 and stepping down to 4.00 to 1.00
beginning March&nbsp;31
 2014 and then to 3.75 to 1.00 beginning March&nbsp;31
 2015 and thereafter (subject to our right to increase such ratio by 0.50 to 1.00
 but not to exceed 4.50 to 1.00
 for the next four fiscal quarters following any
permitted acquisition for which the purchase consideration equals or exceeds $50 million and results in a pro forma net leverage ratio that is within 0.25 to 1.00 of the covenant then in effect) and (b)&nbsp;a minimum consolidated interest coverage
The acquisition of Earthbound Farm was partially funded by
approximately $615 million in new borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities
 including the $500 million incremental term loan A-3 facility. The incremental term loan agreement increases the amount of our senior secured credit facilities
commitments to a current aggregate of $1.84 billion. After giving effect to the acquisition
 the outstanding principal amount of borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities is approximately $1.28 billion. The scheduled maturities of
long-term debt at January&nbsp;31
 2014
 were as follows (in thousands): 












































20
000



12
500



2
500



5
000









26
250



18
750



2
500



5
000









26
250



18
750



2
500



5
000









195
000



187
500



2
500



5
000









299
490







2
500



5
000



291
990





710
000







235
000



475
000































1
276
990



237
500



247
500



500
000



291
990
























In 2004
 we began participating in Dean Foods&#146; receivables-backed facility. We sold certain of our accounts
receivable to a wholly-owned entity that is intended to be bankruptcy-remote. The entity transferred the receivables to third-party asset-backed commercial paper conduits sponsored by major financial institutions. The securitization was treated as
borrowing for accounting purposes. We were the beneficiary and obligor for all borrowings and repayments under our portion of the Dean Foods facility. 
F-25




During 2012
 we borrowed $150.7 million and subsequently repaid $166.7
million under the facility. In connection with our initial public offering
 effective September&nbsp;1
 2012
 we are no longer a participant in the Dean Foods receivables securitization program. Receivables sold by us to the entity on or prior to
August&nbsp;31
 2012 will continue to be collected by Dean Foods; however
 any receivables generated by us subsequent to September&nbsp;1
 2012 were not sold into the receivables securitization program. 


 Alpro maintained a revolving credit facility not to exceed &#128;1&nbsp;million ($1.4 million) (or its currency equivalent). On December&nbsp;9
 2013
 we increased the facility to an
amount not to exceed &#128;10&nbsp;million ($13.7 million) (or its currency equivalent). The facility is unsecured and is guaranteed by various Alpro subsidiaries. The subsidiary revolving credit facility is available for working capital and other
general corporate purposes of Alpro and for the issuance of up to &#128;10&nbsp;million ($13.7 million) (or its currency equivalent) letters of credit. At December&nbsp;31
 2013 and December&nbsp;31
 2012
 there were no outstanding borrowings under
this facility. Principal payments
 if any
 are due under the subsidiary revolving credit facility upon maturity on December&nbsp;9

<FONT

 2009
 we were allocated $440.3 million from the Dean Foods senior secured credit facility to fund our acquisition of Alpro. Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 interest
expense had been allocated based on the historical interest rates of the Dean Foods senior secured credit facility and totaled $9.9&nbsp;million
 and $13.2 million in 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Debt issuance costs were allocated in the same
proportion as debt and recorded as a non-current asset included in our consolidated balance sheets. Upon completion of our initial public offering
 the principal balances associated with this allocated portion of the Dean Foods senior secured credit
facility were settled as a contribution to our capital from Dean Foods. Our guarantee of Dean Foods&#146; senior secured credit facility also terminated upon completion of our initial public offering. See Note 18 &#147;Related Party
Transactions&nbsp;&#151;&nbsp;Guarantees.&#148; 
 


 on October&nbsp;31
 2012
 Dean Foods novated to us certain of its interest rate swaps (the &#147;2017 swaps&#148;) with a notional value of $650 million and
a maturity date of March&nbsp;31
 2017. We are now the sole counterparty to the financial institutions under these swap agreements and are directly responsible for any required future settlements
 and the sole beneficiary of any future receipts of
funds
 pursuant to their terms. We are subject to market risk with respect to changes in the underlying benchmark interest rate that impact the fair value of the interest rate swaps. 
The following table summarizes the terms of the interest rate swap agreements as of December&nbsp;31
 2013: 























March 31
 2017

$650
000
We have not designated such contracts as hedging instruments; therefore
 the interest
rate swap agreements are marked to market at the end of each reporting period and a derivative asset or liability is recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. Gains on these contracts were $3.4 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and
losses on these contracts were $1.2 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. Gains and losses are recorded in other (income) expense in our consolidated statements of operations. A summary of these open swap agreements recorded at fair
value in our consolidated balance sheets at December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 is included in the table below. 
F-26




Credit risk under these arrangements is believed to be remote as the
counterparties to the interest rate swap agreements are major financial institutions; however
 if any of the counterparties to the swap agreements become unable to fulfill their obligation
 we may lose the financial benefits of these arrangements.


 including for organic and conventional milk
 butterfat
 almonds
 organic and non-genetically modified (&#147;non-GMO&#148;) soybeans
 sweeteners
 and other
commodity costs used in the manufacturing
 packaging
 and distribution of our products
 including utilities
 natural gas
 resin
 and diesel fuel. To secure adequate supplies of materials and bring greater stability to the cost of ingredients and
their related manufacturing
 packaging
 and distribution
 we routinely enter into forward purchase contracts and other purchase arrangements with suppliers. Under the forward purchase contracts
 we commit to purchasing agreed-upon quantities of
ingredients and commodities at agreed-upon prices at specified future dates. The outstanding purchase commitment for these commodities at any point in time typically ranges from one month&#146;s to one year&#146;s anticipated requirements
 depending
on the ingredient or commodity


 from time to time we may purchase over-the-counter contracts from our qualified financial institutions for commodities associated with the
production and distribution of our products. Certain of the contracts offset the risk of increases in our commodity costs and are designated as cash flow hedges when appropriate. These contracts are recorded as an asset or liability in our
consolidated balance sheets at fair value
 with an offset to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to the extent the hedge is effective. Derivative gains and losses included in other comprehensive income are reclassified into earnings as the
underlying transaction occurs. Any ineffectiveness in our commodity hedges is recorded as an adjustment to distribution expense or cost of sales
 depending on commodity type
 in our consolidated statements of operations. There was no material hedge
ineffectiveness related to our commodities contracts designated as hedging instruments during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012. A summary of our open commodities contracts recorded at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets at
December&nbsp;31
Although we may utilize forward purchase
contracts and other instruments to mitigate the risks related to commodity price fluctuation
 such strategies do not fully mitigate commodity price risk. Adverse movements in commodity prices over the terms of the contracts or instruments could
decrease the economic benefits we derive from these strategies. 
Our international operations represented approximately 24% and 16% of our long-lived assets and net sales
 respectively
as of and for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. Sales in foreign countries
 as well as certain expenses related to those sales
 are transacted in currencies other than our reporting currency
 the U.S. Dollar. Our foreign currency exchange rate
risk is primarily limited to the Euro and the British Pound. We may
 from time to time
 employ derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency rates or enter into forward currency exchange contracts to
hedge our net investment and intercompany payable or receivable balances in foreign operations. These contracts are recorded as an asset or liability in our consolidated balance sheets at fair value
 with an offset to accumulated other comprehensive
income to the extent the hedge is effective. Derivative gains and losses included in other comprehensive income are reclassified into earnings as the underlying transaction occurs. Any ineffectiveness in our foreign currency exchange hedges is
recorded as an adjustment to cost of sales in our consolidated statements of operations. There was no material hedge ineffectiveness related to our foreign currency exchange contracts designated as hedging instruments during the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. 
F-27




During the second quarter of 2012
 we repatriated approximately
&#128;55.0&nbsp;million ($71.0 million) from our foreign operations to Dean Foods. We entered into forward contracts to purchase $71 million to mitigate potential currency fluctuations as we took steps to mobilize these funds. These derivative
instruments were not designated as hedging instruments
 and changes in fair value of the instruments were recognized immediately in other operating (income) expense in our audited consolidated statements of operations. We recognized a net gain of
$0.6 million related to these instruments during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. These gains were substantially offset by foreign currency losses related to an intercompany note that was repaid as part of the cash repatriation transaction.
The proceeds of the 2012 repatriation were used for Dean Foods debt service and does not change our 2013 assertion to permanently reinvest our foreign earnings. 
As of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 derivatives recorded at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets were as
follows: 






















December&nbsp;31







































































1
162












































18
255



18
262














26
667



48
669























1
162







45
556



67
420























Derivative assets and liabilities that have settlement dates equal to or less than 12 months from the respective balance sheet date were included in
prepaid expenses and other current assets and accounts payable and accrued expenses
 respectively
 in our consolidated balance sheets. 



Derivative liabilities that have settlement dates greater than 12 months from the respective balance sheet date were included in other long-term
Gains and losses on derivatives designated
as cash flow hedges reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income were as follows: 


















Year ended December&nbsp;31 






































1
031

















Recorded in distribution expense or cost of sales
 depending on commodity type
 in our consolidated statements of operations.
Based on current exchange rates we estimate that $0.6 million of hedging activity related
to our foreign currency contracts and $1.2 million of hedging activity related to our commodities contracts will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income within the next 12&nbsp;months. 


 representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value is a
market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering assumptions
 we follow a three-tier fair value hierarchy
 which prioritizes the
inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 






F-28









Level 2&nbsp;&#151;&nbsp;Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that
are not active
 and model-derived valuations
 in which all significant inputs are observable in active markets. 





Level 3&nbsp;&#151;&nbsp;Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data
 which require the reporting entity to develop its own
A summary of our derivative assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 is as follows: 






















as
of
&nbsp;2013



















$1
162







$1
162



























44
922







44
922
















 2012























































66
931







66
931





The fair value of our interest rate swaps is determined based on the notional amounts of
the swaps and the forward LIBOR curve relative to the fixed interest rates under the swap agreements. The fair value of our commodities contracts is based on the quantities and fixed prices under the agreements and quoted forward commodity prices.
The fair value of our foreign currency contracts is based on the notional amounts and rates under the contracts and observable market forward exchange rates. We classify these instruments in Level&nbsp;2 because quoted market prices can be
corroborated utilizing observable benchmark market rates at commonly quoted intervals and observable market transactions of spot currency rates and forward currency prices. We did not significantly change our valuation techniques from prior periods.
Our assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis include cash equivalent money market
funds. Due to their near-term maturities
 the carrying amounts of trade accounts receivable and accounts payable are considered equivalent to fair value. In addition
 because the interest rates on our senior secured credit facilities are variable
their fair values approximate their carrying values. The following table presents a summary of the recurring fair value measurements as of December&nbsp;31
 2013: 






















as
of
&nbsp;2013



















$11
617



11
617









The following table presents a summary of the recurring fair value measurement as of
December&nbsp;31
 2012: 






















as
of
&nbsp;2012



















$13
028



13
028










F-29




At December&nbsp;31
 2013
 our qualified pension plan investments are
comprised of insurance contracts
 and the guaranteed premiums are invested in the general assets of the insurance company. The funding policy is to contribute assets at least equal in amount to regulatory minimum requirements. Funding is based on
legal requirements
 tax considerations
 and investment opportunities. See Note 15 &#147;Employee Retirement Plans.&#148; The following table present a summary of the fair values of category by inputs as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 were as follows:























as
of
&nbsp;2013





































11
731











11
731























11
731











11
731



















The fair values by category of inputs as of December&nbsp;31
 2012 were as follows:























as
of
&nbsp;2012





































9
819











9
819























9
819











9
819



















We sponsor two deferred compensation plans
 Pre-2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan
and Post-2004 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan
 under which certain employees with a base compensation of $150
000 may elect to defer receiving payment for a portion of their salary and bonus until periods after their respective retirements or
upon separation from service. See Note 15 &#147;Employee Retirement Plans.&#148; The assets related to this plan are primarily invested in money mutual funds and are held at fair value. We classify these assets as Level 2 as fair value can be
corroborated based on quoted market prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active. Changes in the fair value are recorded in general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations. The following
table presents a summary of the Deferred Compensation Plan assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&nbsp;31
 2013: 






















as
of
&nbsp;2013



















$4
637







$4
637





Additionally
 we maintain a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (&#147;SERP&#148;)
which is a nonqualified deferred compensation arrangement for our executive officers and other employees earning compensation in excess of the maximum compensation that can be taken into account with respect to our 401(k) plan. The SERP is designed
to provide these employees with retirement benefits from us that are equivalent
 as a percentage of total compensation
 to the benefits provided to other employees. The assets related to this plan are primarily invested in money market funds and are
held at fair value. We classify these assets as Level 1 as fair value can be corroborated based on quoted market prices for identical instruments in active markets. Changes in the fair value are recorded in general and administrative expense in our
consolidated statements of operations. The following table presents a summary of the SERP assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&nbsp;31
 2013: 























as
of
&nbsp;2013



















$1
790



1
790










F-30




The following table presents a summary of the SERP assets measured at fair
value on a recurring basis as of December&nbsp;31
 2012: 






















as
of
&nbsp;2012



















$1
836



1
836










 
On August&nbsp;7
 2012
 the Dean Foods Compensation Committee
 the Dean Foods board of directors
 and
our board of directors approved the terms of our 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#147;2012 SIP&#148;). In connection with our initial public offering
 20&nbsp;million shares of our Class&nbsp;A common stock were reserved for issuance under the 2012
SIP upon the exercise of stock options
 restricted stock units (&#147;RSUs&#148;)
 or restricted stock awards that may be issued to our employees and non-employee directors. The 2012 SIP also includes awards of stock appreciation rights
(&#147;SARs&#148;) and phantom shares as part of our long-term incentive compensation program. In general
 awards granted under the 2012 SIP vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date
 one-third on the second anniversary of the grant
date
 and one-third on the third anniversary of the grant date. Unvested awards vest immediately upon a change of control and in the following additional circumstances: (i)&nbsp;an employee retires after reaching the age of 65
 (ii)&nbsp;in certain
cases upon death or qualified disability
 and (iii)&nbsp;with the exception of the awards granted in connection with the initial public offering
 an employee with 10 years of service retires after reaching the age of 55. 
Prior to the Distribution
 certain of the Company&#146;s employees participated in share-based compensation plans
sponsored by Dean Foods. These plans provided employees with RSUs
 options to purchase shares of Dean Foods&#146; common stock
 and other stock-based awards. Given that the Company&#146;s employees directly benefit from participation in these plans
the expense incurred by Dean Foods for stock and options granted specifically to our employees has been reflected in the Company&#146;s consolidated statements of operations. These amounts were based on the awards and terms previously granted to our
employees
 but may not reflect the equity awards or results that we would have experienced or expect to experience as a stand-alone public company. No new grants of Dean Foods&#146; equity were made to our employees after completion of our initial
public offering. Prior to completion of the initial public offering
 expenses related to the corporate employees of Dean Foods were allocated based on the Company&#146;s percentage of Dean Foods&#146; total sales and totaled $4.3 million and
$2.9&nbsp;million for the years ended December 2012 and 2011
For the Dean Foods plans
 the
share and unit data presented in the tables below only reflect the costs that were directly attributable to the Company&#146;s employees and none of the allocated expenses of Dean Foods&#146; corporate employees. On May&nbsp;23
 2013 and in
connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by 162 of our non-employee directors and employees were converted into equity-based awards with respect to our Class&nbsp;A common stock. These Dean Foods equity-based awards
included Dean Foods stock options (whether vested or unvested)
 unvested RSUs and unvested Dean Foods restricted stock awards held by our non-employee directors on the date of the Distribution. The options to purchase Dean Foods common stock held by
our directors and employees were converted to options to purchase our Class&nbsp;A common stock in a manner that preserved the life and aggregate intrinsic value in the converted stock option and continued the same proportionate relationship between
the exercise price and the value of our Class&nbsp;A common stock as existed with respect to the Dean Foods common stock immediately prior to the Distribution. The adjustment was effected based on a formula using the volume weighted average price of
Dean Foods common stock and our Class&nbsp;A common stock during the five trading day period ended on the second trading day preceding the Distribution. The unvested Dean Foods RSUs held by our directors and employees were converted to WhiteWave
RSUs in a manner that
 on a unit-by-unit basis
 preserved the life and intrinsic value of each outstanding Dean Foods RSU (determined using the same volume weighted average values as described above). The unvested Dean Foods phantom shares held by
our employees were converted to WhiteWave phantom shares in a manner that
 on a 
F-31




 
unit-by-unit basis
 preserved the life and intrinsic value of each outstanding Dean Foods phantom share (determined using the same volume weighted average values as described above). Dean Foods
restricted stock awards held by our directors on the date of the Distribution were converted into restricted stock awards with respect to our Class&nbsp;A common stock by (i)&nbsp;applying the same volume weighted average values as described above
and (ii)&nbsp;subtracting any shares of our Class&nbsp;A common stock and Class B common stock received by our directors in the Distribution in respect of such Dean Foods restricted stock awards. We did not recognize any incremental expense in


SIP
 our employees may be granted options to purchase our common stock at a price equal to the market price on the date the option is granted. Our employee options vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date
 one-third on the second
anniversary of the grant date
Share-based
compensation expense for stock options is recognized ratably over the vesting period. The expense totaled $7.4 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The fair value of each option award is
estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the following assumptions: 










Year&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31































Since the Company&#146;s common stock did not have a long history of being publicly
traded at grant date
 the expected term was determined under the simplified method
 using an average of the contractual term and vesting period of the stock options. The expected volatility assumption was calculated based on a compensation peer
group analysis of stock price volatility with a six-year look back period ending on the grant date. The risk-free rates were based on the average implied yield available on five-year and seven-year U.S. Treasury issues. We have not paid
 and do not
anticipate paying
The following table summarizes stock option activity
during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013: 


































Options outstanding at January&nbsp;1
 2013


2
445
327

















1
254
273














Forfeited




(112
550

















(775
322


















8
308
857
































Options outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2013


11
120
585











69
675
057




















Options vested and expected to vest at December&nbsp;31
 2013


11
025
166











68
957
640


Options exercisable at December&nbsp;31
 2012

















Options exercisable at December&nbsp;31
 2013


6
979
943











34
626
681





Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 options that are cancelled expired or forfeited may be available for future grants. 



On May&nbsp;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our non-employee directors and employees
were converted into equity-based awards with respect to our Class&nbsp;A common stock. 
F-32




The following table summarizes information about options outstanding at
December&nbsp;31
 2013: 





















































1
180
557











832
364









1
451
962











501
150









440
593











429
765









1
230
095











53
676









677
181











633
896









2
416
666











805
561









1
861
042











1
861
042









1
761
502











1
761
502









84
679











84
679









16
308











16
308




















Year&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31













(in thousands
















2
616









4
006









2
769





During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 we received $1.3 million of cash from stock
option exercises. At December&nbsp;31
 2013
 there was $10.2 million of total unrecognized stock option expense
 all of which is related to non-vested awards. This compensation expense is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average remaining
vesting period of 1.47 years. 
RSUs are issued to certain senior employees under the 2012 SIP as part of the long-term incentive program. An RSU


 2013: 








RSUs outstanding January&nbsp;1
 2013


674
681





354
305





(186
992






(59
166






464
768








RSUs outstanding at December 31
 2013


1
247
596

















Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 employees have the option of forfeiting RSUs to cover their minimum statutory tax withholding when shares are
issued. RSUs that are cancelled or forfeited may be available for future grants. 



On May&nbsp;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our non-employee directors and employees
were converted into equity-based awards with respect to our Class&nbsp;A common stock. 
F-33




The following table summarizes information about our RSU grants and related
tax benefit during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013: 














Year&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31













(in&nbsp;thousands
&nbsp;except&nbsp;per&nbsp;share&nbsp;amounts)















1
408





Compensation expense for RSUs is recognized ratably over the vesting period. RSU expense
totaled $7.3&nbsp;million and $0.6 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012. At December&nbsp;31
 2013
 there was $11.0 million of total unrecognized RSU expense
 all of which is related to unvested awards. This compensation
WhiteWave
We grant phantom shares under the 2012 SIP as part of our long-term incentive
compensation program
 which are similar to RSUs in that they are based on the price of WhiteWave stock and vest ratably over a three-year period
 but are cash-settled based upon the value of WhiteWave stock at each vesting period. The fair value of
the awards is re-measured at each reporting period. Compensation expense is recognized ratably over the vesting period
 which is recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. The expense totaled $3.0
and $0.2 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. A corresponding liability has been recorded in current and long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet totaling $4.8 million and $2.7 million as of
December 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The 2013 cash settlement of WhiteWave phantom shares was $4.1 million. The following table summarizes the phantom share activity during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013: 


















grant&nbsp;date&nbsp;fair&nbsp;
value


Outstanding at January&nbsp;1
 2013


225
771









214
391









(80
761









(45
128










256
806
















Outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2013


571
079



















On May&nbsp;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods phantom awards held by our employees were converted into phantom awards
WhiteWave Stock Appreciation Rights (&#147;SARs&#148;)
We grant SARs under the 2012 SIP as part of our long-term incentive compensation program
 which are
similar to stock options in that they are based on the price of WhiteWave stock and vest ratably over a three-year period
 but are cash-settled based upon the value of WhiteWave stock at the exercise date. 
F-34




The fair value of each SAR is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes valuation model with the following assumptions: 










Year ended December&nbsp;31































Since the Company&#146;s common stock did not have a long history of being publicly
traded at grant date
 the expected volatility assumption was calculated based on a compensation peer group analysis of stock price volatility with a six-year look back period ending on the grant date. The risk-free rates were based on the average


 which is recorded in general and administrative expenses in the
consolidated statement of operations. The expense totaled $0.9 million and $0.1 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. A corresponding liability has been recorded in current liabilities in our consolidated balance
sheet totaling $0.9 million and $0.1 million as of December 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The following table summarizes SAR activity during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013: 



































SARs outstanding at January&nbsp;1
 2013


211
111

















82
582





































































SARs outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2013


293
693











1
896
487




















SARs vested and expected to vest at December&nbsp;31
 2013


287
247











1
853
126


SARs exercisable at December&nbsp;31
 2012

















SARs exercisable at December&nbsp;31
 2013


70
375











418
028





Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 SARs that are cancelled or forfeited may be available for future grants. 


 the Company&#146;s employees were granted options to purchase Dean Foods&#146; common stock at a price equal to the market price on the date the option
was granted. In general
 Dean Foods&#146; employee options vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date
 one-third on the second anniversary of the grant date
 and one-third on the third anniversary of the grant date. All unvested
options vest immediately upon a change of control and in the following additional circumstances: (i)&nbsp;an employee with 10&nbsp;years of service retires after reaching the age of 55
 (ii)&nbsp;an employee retires after reaching the age of 65
 and
(iii)&nbsp;in certain cases upon death or qualified disability. 
F-35




Share-based compensation expense for stock options is recognized ratably
over the vesting period. The expense totaled $1.0 million
 $1.2 million
 and $1.7 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes valuation model with the following assumptions: 












Year ended December&nbsp;31













































Dean Foods did not grant any Dean Foods stock options to WhiteWave non-employee directors
 executive officers
 and employees during 2013.
The expected term of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise and
is based on historical experience of similar awards
 giving consideration to contractual terms (generally 10 years)
 vesting schedules
 and expectations of future employee behavior. Expected stock price volatility is based on a consolidation of
historical volatility of Dean Foods stock and expectations with regard to future volatility. The risk-free rates are based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with an equivalent remaining term. Prior to
December&nbsp;31
 2012


 2013: 


































Options outstanding at January&nbsp;1
 2013


6
845
250



































(227
424

















(111
031


















1
135
399


















(7
642
194
































Options outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2013



































Options vested and expected to vest at December&nbsp;31
 2013

















Options exercisable at December&nbsp;31
 2012


4
637
867











3
133
148


Options exercisable at December&nbsp;31
 2013
























On May&nbsp;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our non-employee directors and employees
were converted into equity-based awards with respect to our Class&nbsp;A common stock. 
F-36




The following table summarizes additional information regarding stock option
activity for our direct participants in the Dean Foods plan: 


















Year ended December&nbsp;31
















(in thousands
 except per share


































3
920



3
651



3
433



















Dean Foods did not grant any Dean Foods stock options to WhiteWave non-employee directors
 executive officers
 and employees during 2013.
During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 Dean Foods received $1.5 million of cash from
Dean Foods RSUs
RSUs are issued to certain senior employees as part of the long-term incentive program. An RSU
represents the right to receive one share of common stock in the future. RSUs have no exercise price. RSUs granted to employees generally vest ratably over three years. All unvested RSUs vest immediately upon a change in control
 and in the
following additional circumstances: (i)&nbsp;an employee with 10 years of service retires after reaching the age of 55
 (ii)&nbsp;an employee retires after reaching the age of 65
 and (iii)&nbsp;in certain cases upon death or qualified disability.
The following table summarizes RSU activity during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013: 









RSUs outstanding January&nbsp;1
 2013


786
710





20
235





(60
747





(352
352






33
636






(427
482








RSUs outstanding at December 31
 2013


















On May&nbsp;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our non-employee directors and employees
The
following table summarizes information about our RSU grants and related tax benefit during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011: 


















Year ended December&nbsp;31
















(in thousands
 except per share























1
163



1
378

RSU expense totaled $1.7 million
 $3.1 million
 and $3.5 million for the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively. 
F-37




 
In 2011
 Dean Foods began granting phantom shares as part of its long-term incentive compensation program
 which are
similar to RSUs in that they are based on the price of Dean Foods stock and vest ratably over a three-year period
 but are cash-settled based upon the value of Dean Foods stock at each vesting period. All unvested phantom shares vest immediately
upon a change of control and in the following additional circumstances: (i)&nbsp;an employee with 10 years of service retires after reaching the age of 55
 (ii)&nbsp;an employee retires after reaching the age of 65
 and (iii)&nbsp;in certain cases
upon death or qualified disability. The fair value of the awards is re-measured at each reporting period. Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period
 which is recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated
statements of operations. The expense totaled $3.6 million and $2.4 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In the period subsequent to completion of our initial public offering
 a corresponding liability has been
recorded in other current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. In periods prior to completion of our initial public offering
 a liability related to these units has not been reflected in the consolidated balance sheets as the payout was to
be funded by Dean Foods. The following table summarizes the phantom share activity during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013: 

















per
share


Outstanding at January&nbsp;1
 2013


397
618



















(156
247









(7
442










2
360










(236
289
















Outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2013


























On May&nbsp;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods phantom awards held by our employees were converted into phantom awards
with respect to our Class&nbsp;A common stock. 
In 2010
 Dean Foods began granting cash performance units (&#147;CPUs&#148;) to employees as part of its long-term
incentive compensation program under the terms of the 2007 Plan. The CPU awards are cash-settled awards and are designed to link compensation of certain executive officers and other key employees to Dean Foods&#146; performance over a three-year
period. The performance metric
 as defined in the awards
 is the performance of the Dean Foods stock price relative to that of a peer group of companies. The range of payout under the awards is between 0% and 200% and is payable in cash at the end
of each respective performance period. The fair value of the awards is measured at each reporting period. Compensation expense related to the Company&#146;s direct employees is recognized over the vesting period which is recorded in general and
administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The expense totaled $nil million
 $1.3 million and $0.2 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 respectively. In the fourth quarter of 2012
 the Company
recorded a $0.6 million credit to expense due to a reduction of the payout assumption related to the 2010 awards. In the period subsequent to completion of our initial public offering
 a corresponding liability has been recorded in other long-term
liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. In periods prior to completion of our initial public offering
 a liability related to these units has not been reflected in the consolidated balance sheets as the payout was to be funded by Dean Foods.

F-38




In connection with our initial public offering
 Dean Foods valued the 2011
and 2012 CPU awards for our executives based on performance as of December&nbsp;31
 2012
 instead of at the end of the originally scheduled 36-month performance periods. The cash value of these awards was paid out on a prorated basis during the year
ended December&nbsp;31
The following table summarizes CPU activity with respect to the 2011 and 2012
CPU during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. There were no cash awards prior to 2010 related to our employees. 













Outstanding at January 1
 2013


6
105
000











(6
105
000




















Outstanding at December 31
 2013











The following table summarizes the share-based compensation expense recognized for the Company&#146;s direct participants
in the Dean Foods long-term incentive compensation plan in periods prior to completion of our initial public offering: 


















Year ended December&nbsp;31








































1
006



1
708









2
433



3
510









2
025













2
009



























7
473



6
246















The following table summarizes the share-based compensation expense recognized for the
Company&#146;s direct participants in the Dean Foods equity classified plans
 as well as expense related to the Company&#146;s equity classified plans
 in periods after the completion of our initial public offering: 



















Year ended December&nbsp;31


















































1
739













3
563



























7
413













7
321













3
044









































24
897



2
056




















F-39




Share-based compensation expense shown above for the Dean Foods equity plans
reflect expenses for those legacy plans that have converted to equivalent WhiteWave equity plans upon the spin-off transaction. 
 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss comprises net income plus all other changes in equity from
non-owner sources. The changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component for the year- ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 were as follows (net of tax): 









































Balance at January&nbsp;1
 2013






(1
818



(25
576



(27
688





1
888



1
115



17
724



20
727





(1
389











(1
479




















Other comprehensive income/(loss)
 net of taxes of $796






1
025



17
724



19
248




















Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2013










(7
852



(8
440























The accumulated other comprehensive loss reclassification components affect cost of sales. See Note 12 &#147;Derivative Financial Instruments.&#148;




The accumulated other comprehensive loss reclassification components are related to amortization of unrecognized actuarial losses and prior service
costs which are both included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 15 &#147;Employee Retirement Plans.&#148; 
 
Prior to the Distribution
 our employees participated in Dean Foods&#146; broad-based programs
generally available to all employees
 including its 401(k) plan
 health and dental plans and various other insurance plans
 including disability and life insurance. Effective upon the Distribution
 the Company implemented its own substantially
similar employee benefit plans and our employees are no longer eligible to participate in Dean Foods&#146; plans. Additionally
 we contribute to one multiemployer pension plan on behalf of our employees. 
Substantially all full-time union and non-union employees who have completed one or more years of service and have met
other requirements pursuant to the plans were eligible to participate in one or more of the Dean Foods&#146; plans. Expenses related to our employees&#146; participation in Dean Foods&#146; plans
 prior to the Distribution
 were determined by
During 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 our
retirement plans expenses were as follows: 


















Year ended December&nbsp;31






















2
050



1
804



1
781





3
163



2
210



2
386





1
683



1
658



1
591



















6
896



5
672



5
758
















F-40




 
Certain of our non-union personnel may elect to participate in a savings plan sponsored by the Company. This plan provides
for contributions by the participants of between 1% and 20% and provides for matching contributions by the employer up to 4% of a participant&#146;s annual compensation. In addition
 certain union hourly employees are participants in the
company-sponsored defined contribution plan


stand-alone defined benefit pension plans as a result of the acquisition of Alpro on July&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2009. The benefits under our Alpro defined benefit plans are based on years of service and employee compensation. Our funding policy is to


 2013 and 2012 are the following amounts that have not yet been recognized in net periodic pension cost: unrecognized prior service
costs of $0.2&nbsp;million ($0.1 million net of tax) and $0.3 million ($0.2 million net of tax) and unrecognized actuarial losses of $1.0 million ($0.7 million net of tax) and $2.4 million ($1.6 million net of tax)
 respectively. The prior service
costs and actuarial losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income and expected to be recognized in net periodic pension cost during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 are $12
500 ($8
500 net of tax) and $2
700&nbsp;($1
800 net of
tax)
The reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the projected benefit
obligation and the fair value of plan assets for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 and the funded status of the plans at December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 is as follows: 















Year&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31





























15
882



11
865





1
771



1
409



































(1
395



1
756










































Benefit obligation
 end of year


17
009



15
882















9
819



7
710















1
492



1
410




















































Fair value of plan assets
 end of year


11
731



9
819















(5
278



(6
063












F-41




The underfunded status of the plans of $5.3 million at December&nbsp;31
2013 is recognized in our consolidated balance sheet as a non-current accrued pension liability. We do not expect any plan assets to be returned to us during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014. We expect to contribute $1.7 million to the pension
A summary of our key actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of
December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 is as follows: 














Year&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31






























A summary of our key actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost
for 2013
 2012
 and 2011 is as follows: 


















Year&nbsp;ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31










































































Year ended December&nbsp;31




































1
771



1
409



1
311

























































































2
050



1
750



1
720















The overall expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is a weighted-average
expectation based on the targeted and expected portfolio composition. We consider historical performance and current benchmarks to arrive at expected long-term rates of return in each asset category. 




















Year ended December&nbsp;31






















3
601



3
237



2
147





3
206



2
822



1
794





1
902



1
463





The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit plans was $12.3 million and
$11.1 million at December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 
F-42




The weighted average discount rate reflects the rate at which our defined
benefit plan obligations could be effectively settled. The rate uses a model that reflects a bond yield curve constructed from high-quality corporate or foreign government bonds
 for which the timing of cash outflows approximate the estimated
payments. The weighted average discount rate was increased from 3.5% at December&nbsp;31
 2012 to 3.8% at December&nbsp;31
 2013
 which will decrease the net periodic benefit cost in 2014. 
At December&nbsp;31
 2013
 our qualified pension plan investments are comprised of insurance contracts
 and the
guaranteed premiums are invested in the general assets of the insurance company. The funding policy is to contribute assets at least equal in amount to regulatory minimum requirements. Funding is based on legal requirements
 tax considerations
 and
Estimated pension plan benefit payments to our participants for the next ten years
are as follows (in thousands): 









































7
114

Fair value is an exit price
 representing the amount that would be received to sell an
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or
liability. As a basis for considering assumptions
 we follow a three-tier fair value hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value of our defined benefit plans&#146; consolidated assets. We classify the insurance contracts as
Level 3 as there is little or no market data for the unobservable inputs
 which requires development of assumptions. See Note 12 &#147;Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements.&#148; 
For both 2013 and 2012
 approximately 90% of the insurance contracts were financed by employer premiums with the insurer
managing the reserves as calculated using an actuarial model. The remaining 10% of the insurance contracts were financed by employer and employee contributions with the insurer managing the reserves collectively with other pension plans. 
A reconciliation of the change in the fair value measurement of the defined benefit plans&#146; consolidated assets using
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 is as follows: 


















Balance at January&nbsp;1
 2012


7
710














Purchases
 sales and settlements (net)


1
624








Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2012


9
819














Purchases
 sales and settlements (net)


1
555








Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2013


11
731








F-43




 
We contribute to a multiemployer pension plan that covers approximately 250 of our union employees. This plan is
administered by a board of trustees composed of labor representatives and the management of the participating companies. The risks of participating in a multiemployer plan are different from a single-employer plan in the following aspects:






assets contributed to a multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers;






if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating
employers; and 





if we choose to stop participating in our multiemployer plan
 we may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the
plan
At this time
 we have not established any
Our
participation in the multiemployer plan for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 is outlined in the table below. Unless otherwise noted
 the most recent Pension Protection Act (&#147;PPA&#148;) Zone Status available in 2013 and 2012 is for the
plan&#146;s year-end at December&nbsp;31
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011
 respectively. The zone status is based on information that we obtained from the plan&#146;s Form 5500
 which is available in the public domain and is certified by the
plan&#146;s actuary. Among other factors
 plans in the red zone are generally less than 65% funded
 plans in the yellow zone are less than 80% funded
 and plans in the green zone are at least 80% funded. The &#147;FIP/RP Status
Pending/Implemented&#148; column indicates plans for which a funding improvement plan (&#147;FIP&#148;) or a rehabilitation plan (&#147;RP&#148;) is either pending or has been implemented. Federal law requires that plans classified in the yellow
zone or red zone adopt a funding improvement plan or rehabilitation plan
 respectively
 in order to improve the financial health of the plan. The &#147;Extended Amortization Provisions&#148; column indicates plans which have elected to utilize the
special 30-year amortization rules provided by the Pension Relief Act of 2010 to amortize its losses from 2008 as a result of turmoil in the financial markets. The last column in the table lists the expiration date of the collective-bargaining
agreement to which the plan is subject. 






























date
of


























March&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2015&#151;
January&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2017




We are party to one collective bargaining agreement in this multiemployer Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan which requires contributions.
We are also party to two other collective bargaining agreements whose defined contribution plans are 401(k) plans that require matching contributions. These agreements cover a large number of employee participants and expire on various dates between
Information regarding our contributions to our multiemployer pension plan is
shown in the table below. There are no changes that materially affected the comparability of our contributions to the plan during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011 (in thousands). 




































































1
683



1
658



1
591






F-44




During the 2013
 2012
 and 2011 plan years
 our contributions did not exceed
5% of total plan contributions. 
We sponsor two deferred compensation plans
 Pre-2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan and Post-2004 Executive Deferred
Compensation Plan
 under which certain employees with a base compensation of $150
000 may elect to defer receiving payment for a portion of their salary and bonus until periods after their respective retirements or upon separation from service. The
amounts deferred are partially funded as unsecured obligations of the Company
 receiving no preferential standing
 and are subject to the same risk as other unsecured obligations. The participants in these plans may choose from a number of
externally managed mutual fund investments
 money market funds and stocks and their investment balances track the rates of return for these accounts. Amounts payable
 including accrued deemed interest
 totaled $4.6 million at December&nbsp;31
 2013
which were included in other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The assets related to these plans are primarily invested in money market mutual funds and are recorded at fair value. We classify these assets as Level 2 as fair
value can be corroborated based on quoted market prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active. See Note 12 &#147;Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurement.&#148; 
 
 
We lease certain property
 plant
 and equipment used in our operations under both capital and operating lease agreements.
Such leases
 which are primarily for office space
 machinery
 and equipment
 have lease terms ranging from one to 10 years. We did not have any material capital lease obligations as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012. Rent expense was $15.6 million
$8.0 million
 and $8.5 million for 2013
 2012
 and 2011
Future minimum payments at
December&nbsp;31
 2013
 under non-cancelable operating leases with terms in excess of one year are summarized below: 





















20
582





14
209





10
526





8
200





6
203





9
884











69
604







We have entered into various contracts
 in the normal course of business
 obligating us
to purchase minimum quantities of raw materials used in our production and distribution processes
 including soybeans and organic raw milk. We enter into these contracts from time to time to ensure a sufficient supply of raw materials. In addition
Litigation
Investigations
The Company is involved in various litigation
 investigations
 and audit
proceedings in the normal course of business. It is management&#146;s opinion
 after consultation with counsel and a review of the facts
 a material adverse effect on the financial position
 liquidity
 results of operations
 or cash flows of the
Company is not probable or reasonably possible. 
F-45




17. Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information 
Our business is organized into two operating and reportable segments
 North America and Europe
 based
on our go-to-markets strategies
 customer bases
 and the objectives of our businesses. Our segments align with how our chief operating decision maker
 our CEO
 monitors operating performance
 allocates resources
 and deploys capital. 
The North America segment offers products in the plant-based foods and beverages
 coffee creamers and beverages
 and
premium dairy product categories throughout North America
 and our Europe segment offers plant-based food and beverage products throughout Europe. We sell our products to a variety of customers
 including grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 club
stores
 and convenience stores
 as well as various away-from-home channels
 including foodservice outlets
 across North America and Europe. We sell our products in North America and Europe primarily through our direct sales force and independent
brokers. We utilize six manufacturing plants
 three distribution centers
 and three strategic co-packers across the United States. Additionally
 we have three plants across Europe in the United Kingdom
 Belgium and France
 each supported by an
integrated supply chain. We also utilize a limited number of third-party co-packers across Europe for more specialized


 write downs related to the wind down of our joint venture
foreign exchange gains and losses
 and income tax. The amounts in the following tables are obtained from reports used by our chief operating decision maker. There are no significant non-cash items reported in segment profit or loss other than
The reporting segments do not include the costs allocated to us by Dean Foods
for certain corporate and shared service functions. In addition
 the expense related to share-based compensation has not been allocated to our segments and is reflected entirely within the caption &#147;Corporate and other&#148;. Related party
license income
 further described in Note 18 &#147;Related Party Transactions
&#148; has also been excluded. Therefore
 the measure of segment profit or loss presented below is before such items. 
F-46




The following table presents the summarized income statement amounts by
segment: 


















Year ended December&nbsp;31




































2
123
997



1
921
444



1
657
192





418
066



367
994



368
559



















2
542
063



2
289
438



2
025
751

































215
155



178
960



137
807





20
879



23
735



27
873



















236
034



202
695



165
680









36
034



42
680





(78
602



(58
476



(32
666



















157
432



180
253



175
694



















18
027



9
924



9
149


Other (income) expense
 net


(3
829



























143
234



169
372



166
423

































59
717



54
499



47
826





21
628



19
855



20
164

































81
905



74
354



67
990



































Year ended December&nbsp;31


















































627
716



549
727



452
834





913
517



818
880



692
136





582
764



552
837



512
222



















2
123
997



1
921
444



1
657
192



















418
066



367
994



368
559



















2
542
063



2
289
438



2
025
751
















F-47




The following tables present assets
 long-lived assets
 and capital
expenditures by segment: 


















Year ended December&nbsp;31




































1
588
104



1
549
030



1
476
124





563
026



577
599



594
382





132
054



41
382



34
282













3
897



















2
283
184



2
168
011



2
108
685

































1
353
037



1
323
108



1
291
083





446
093



444
539



443
598





27
833



17
543























1
826
963



1
785
190



1
734
916





















Year ended December 31




































128
877



92
418



113
673





20
732



11
737



13
082





5
869



























155
478



104
155



126
755
















The Company had a single customer that represented 17.5%
 18.0%
 and 17.0% of our consolidated net sales in 2013
 2012
and 2011
 respectively. Sales to this customer were primarily included in our North America segment. 
 
 
As of July&nbsp;25
 2013
 Dean Foods disposed of its remaining shares of the Company&#146;s common stock in a registered
public offering. As a result of and immediately following this offering
 Dean Foods has no ownership interest in us and therefore is no longer a related party. Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 Dean Foods provided certain corporate
services to us
 and costs associated with these functions were allocated to us. These allocations include costs related to corporate services
 such as executive management
 supply chain
 information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
investor relations
 human resources
 risk management
 tax
 treasury
 and other services
 as well as stock-based compensation expense attributable to our employees and an allocation of stock-based compensation attributable to employees of Dean Foods.
The costs of such services were allocated to us based on the most relevant allocation method to the service provided
 primarily based on relative percentage of total net sales
 relative percentage of headcount
 or specific identification. The total
amount of these allocations from Dean Foods was approximately $50.7 million from January&nbsp;1
 2012 to the date of our initial public offering (which includes approximately $17.5 million of transaction costs related to our initial public offering)
and $32.7 million in the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. These cost allocations are primarily reflected within general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations as well as

F-48




 
classified as &#147;Corporate and other&#148; in Note 17 &#147;Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information.&#148; Management believes the basis on which the expenses have been allocated to be a
reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to or the benefit received by us during the periods presented. Dean Foods continues to provide some of these services on a transitional basis for a fee. 
Upon completion of our initial public offering
 we assumed responsibility for the costs of these functions. The
allocations may not reflect the expense we would have incurred as a stand-alone public company. Actual costs that may have been incurred if we had been a stand-alone public company would depend on a number of factors
 including the chosen
organizational structure
 what functions were outsourced or performed by employees


offering
 interest expense had been allocated based on the historical interest rates of the Dean Foods senior secured credit facility during each period presented
 as this revolver was drawn to fund the Alpro acquisition. Debt issuance costs were
allocated in the same proportion as the debt. In connection with our initial public offering
 the allocated portion of the Dean Foods senior secured credit facility was settled as a contribution to our capital from Dean Foods. Management believes
the basis of historical allocation basis for debt
 interest expense
 and debt issuance costs was reasonable. However
 these amounts may not be indicative of the actual amounts that we would have incurred had we been a stand-alone public company for
Cash Management
We use a centralized approach to cash management and financing of operations. Prior to completion of
our initial public offering
 Dean Foods provided financing
 cash management
 and other treasury services to us. Our North America cash balances were regularly swept by Dean Foods
 and we received funding from Dean Foods for our operating and
investing cash needs. Cash transferred to and from Dean Foods was historically recorded as intercompany payables and receivables that were reflected as a component of Dean Foods&#146; net investment in our consolidated balance sheets. Since
completion of our initial public offering


 related
party transactions and activities involving Dean Foods and its wholly-owned subsidiaries were not always consummated on terms equivalent to those that would prevail in an arm&#146;s-length transaction where conditions of competitive
 free-market
dealing may exist. Prior to the Distribution
 sales of our raw materials and finished products that we manufacture for other wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods have been reflected as related party sales in our consolidated financial statements.
Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 certain related party transactions were settled by either
non-cash capital contributions from Dean Foods to us or non-cash capital distributions from us to Dean Foods and included as part of Dean Foods&#146; net investment. Both prior to and after the completion of our initial public offering
 other


 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 we utilized manufacturing facilities and resources managed by affiliates of Dean Foods to conduct our business. The expenses associated with
these transactions
 which primarily relate to co-packing certain of our products
 are included in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of operations. 
F-49




In connection with and effective as of our initial public offering
 we
entered into agreements that formalize ongoing commercial arrangements we have with Dean Foods and Morningstar
 which are described below. Certain terms of these agreements were modified in connection with Dean Foods&#146; sale of Morningstar. These
agreements are described in Note 4
Agreements with Dean Foods
 &#151; We entered into an agreement with two wholly-owned
subsidiaries of Dean Foods
 Suiza Dairy Group
 LLC (&#147;Suiza Dairy&#148;) and Dean Dairy Holdings
 LLC (&#147;Dean Dairy&#148;)
 pursuant to which those subsidiaries continue to sell and distribute certain WhiteWave products for a fixed initial
term of up to 18 months


 we entered into a separate manufacturing agreement with Suiza Dairy and Dean Dairy pursuant to which those subsidiaries continue manufacturing WhiteWave


ending December&nbsp;31
 2013
 with an option for us to renew for up to four one-year terms. This agreement formalizes our historical intercompany arrangements and does not impact comparability in our consolidated statement of operations for the
years ended December&nbsp;31
 &#151; We entered into an agreement
with Dean Foods pursuant to which we have an exclusive license to manufacture and sell shelf stable aseptic flavored and white milk under Dean Foods&#146; TruMoo brand in certain retail channels and to designated foodservice accounts throughout
North America in exchange for payment of a royalty. The initial term of the agreement is December 2012 through December&nbsp;31
 2017
 with automatic one-year renewals thereafter so long as we achieve specified volume thresholds and minimum
 &#151; We and Dean Foods also entered into a transition
services agreement to cover certain continued corporate services provided by us and Dean Foods to each other following completion of our initial public offering. Our services consist primarily of marketing and research and development
 while Dean
Foods&#146; provides supply chain
 information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
 human resources
 risk management
 tax
 treasury
 and other transitional services. Both Dean Foods&#146; and our services continue for a specified initial term
which vary with the types of services provided
 unless terminated earlier or extended according to the terms of the transition services agreement. We pay Dean Foods mutually agreed-upon fees for their services and Dean Foods pays us mutually
agreed-upon fees for our services. In 2012
 Dean Foods charged us $5.4 million and we charged Dean Foods $2.6 million for services rendered under the transition services agreement. In 2013
 Dean Foods charged us $19.0 million and we charged Dean


Historically
 the Company was party to a license agreement with Morningstar
 pursuant to which Morningstar had the right
to use the Company&#146;s intellectual property in the manufacture of certain products for a fee. For the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 related party license income was recorded within operating income in our consolidated
statements of operations in the amount of $nil million
 $36.0 million
 and $42.7 million
 respectively. 
F-50




In conjunction with the license agreement
 a loan agreement was entered
into
 pursuant to which the Company extended a line of credit to Morningstar related to the license income under the license agreement. Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 there were no repayments of this loan and no future plans to
settle the outstanding balance; therefore
 the principal and associated accrued interest was shown in Dean Foods&#146; net investment as of December&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011. The interest term on the loan to Morningstar was LIBOR plus 2% and recorded
in interest income in our consolidated statements of operations. Interest income for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 was $nil million
 $6.4 million
 and $6.1 million
 respectively. 
In connection with our initial public offering
 we and Morningstar agreed to terminate this license agreement and the
related loan. We no longer receive license income or related interest income associated with these historical agreements. In addition
 we entered into an agreement and transferred the intellectual property subject to the license agreement to
Morningstar so that Morningstar has the requisite intellectual property and manufacturing know-how to produce and sell its products and brands. All intellectual property related to and necessary for the production of our products and brands was
retained. 
 
Basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
each period. Diluted earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the effect of all dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding during each period. The contribution of WWF Opco to WhiteWave was
treated as a reorganization of entities under common control under Dean Foods. As a result
 we are retrospectively presenting the shares outstanding for WhiteWave and WWF Opco for all periods presented. For all periods prior to completion of our
initial public offering
 the same number of Class B shares is being used for basic and diluted earnings per share as no WhiteWave Class&nbsp;A common stock or equity awards were outstanding. The outstanding shares of Class B common stock give effect
to Dean Foods&#146; contribution of WWF Opco&#146;s capital stock to WhiteWave and Dean Foods&#146; subsequent conversion of a portion of their Class B common stock to Class&nbsp;A common stock prior to the Distribution. 
F-51




The following table reconciles the numerators and denominators used in the
computations of both basic and diluted earnings per share: 


















Year ended December&nbsp;31
















(In thousands
 except share and per share data)

































99
041



112
514



114
334



















173
120
689



153
770
492



150
000
000











































































99
041



112
514



114
334



















173
120
689



153
770
492



150
000
000






820
743














640
036













174
581
468



153
770
497



150
000
000















































4
045
309 and 2
445
327 anti-dilutive options were excluded from the calculation for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




10 and 666
999 anti-dilutive RSUs were excluded from the calculation for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

 
The Company has evaluated subsequent events through February&nbsp;28
 2014
 which is the date the
financial statements were issued. 
On January&nbsp;2
 2014
 the Company acquired Earthbound Farm
 one of the largest organic produce brands in North America
from the existing shareholders in accordance with an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated December&nbsp;8
 2013. The acquisition adds to our focus on high-growth product categories that are aligned with emerging customer trends. The total
consideration for the acquisition was approximately $600 million
 subject to post-closing working capital adjustments and indemnification claims. The acquisition was funded by approximately $615 million in new borrowings under its senior secured
credit facilities
 including the incremental term loan A-3 facility. See Note 11 &#147;Debt and Allocated Portion of Dean Foods&#146; Debt&#148;. The Company has not yet completed an appraisal of the assets acquired and will finalize the allocation
of the purchase price to the asset acquired and liabilities assumed in 2014. Supplemental pro forma information of the acquired entity is not available as of the date of these financial statements. 
F-52




In connection with the acquisition of Earthbound Farm
 we incurred
$3.3&nbsp;million in expenses for the period ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and an additional $6.1&nbsp;million for the period ended January&nbsp;31
 2014
 related to due diligence
 investment advisors and regulatory matters. These costs are included
Joint Venture with China Mengniu
On January&nbsp;5
 2014
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with China
Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (&#147;Mengniu&#148;)
 a leading Chinese dairy company. The joint venture intends to manufacture market and sell a range of beverage products in China. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company will own a 49% stake
in the venture and Mengniu will own a 51% stake. The joint venture also executed an agreement to purchase Yashili Zhengzhou (&#147;Zhengzhou&#148;)
 a subsidiary of Yashili International Holdings Ltd (&#147;Yashili&#148;). Zhengzhou&#146;s primary
asset is a production facility currently under construction in China
 where the joint venture intends to manufacture its products. Mengniu is the majority owner of Yashili. The purchase price for Zhengzhou is expected to be approximately $85 million
(RMB 510 million)
 including approximately $62 million (RMB 377 million) for the purchase of equity and the balance for the repayment and assumption of debt and other obligations. Each joint venture party&#146;s share of the purchase price for
Zhengzhou will be consistent with its ownership interest in the venture. The parties expect to make additional investments to support the start-up and commercialization of the joint venture. 
The formation of the joint venture is subject to various governmental approvals in China which are expected to be
obtained in the first half of 2014. The acquisition of the production facility is subject to the formation of the joint venture and approval of the minority Yashili shareholders. The joint venture will be accounted for as an equity-method
In connection with the formation of the joint venture
 we incurred $5.0&nbsp;million in expenses
for the period ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and an additional $0.1&nbsp;million for the period ended January&nbsp;31
 2014
 related to due diligence
 investment advisors and regulatory matters. These costs are included in general and administrative
expense in our consolidated statement of operations. 
On February 24
 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement to sell the SoFine business to a third party. The terms of the
agreement are consistent with estimates reflected in the financial statements. The transaction is expected to close within 60 days. 
F-53




 
The following is a summary of our unaudited quarterly results of operations for 2013 and 2012:










































(In&nbsp;thousands
&nbsp;except&nbsp;share&nbsp;and&nbsp;per&nbsp;share&nbsp;data)























608
244



615
990



638
518



679
311





218
543



224
213



226
452



238
209





23
998



31
209



24
293



19
541





23
998



31
209



24
293



19
541





23
998



31
209



24
293



19
541






















































































































































552
028



554
446



574
853



608
111





192
440



195
151



204
638



211
715





31
308



26
383



26
292



28
531





31
308



26
383



26
292



30
990





31
308



26
383



26
292



29
711




































































































































Earnings per common share calculations for each of the quarters were based on the basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding
for each quarter. The sum of the quarters may not necessarily be equal to the full year earnings per common share amount. 



Includes a non-cash write-down of assets in the amount of $7.4 million ($4.5 million net of tax) related to the sale of the Idaho dairy farm.




Includes an additional $3.7 million ($2.3 million net of tax) non-cash write-down of assets and $3.3 million ($2.0 million net of tax) charge
related to lease liabilities
 severance and related cost for the sale of the Idaho dairy farm
 as well as
 a write-down of $9.8&nbsp;million related to the plan to sell the operations of SoFine. 
F-54














 with assistance from other members of management
 evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the &#147;Evaluation Date&#148;) and
 based upon such evaluation
 have
concluded that as of the Evaluation Date
(b) Changes in Internal Control over
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with management&#146;s
evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act 
 that occurred during the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over
financial reporting. 


was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 

 no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective
We have assessed the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2013. In making this assessment
 issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our assessment we believe that
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 

 2013 has been attested by the Company&#146;s
registered public accounting firm
 Deloitte&nbsp;&amp; Touche LLP
 as stated in its report
February&nbsp;28
 2014 
 



 
The WhiteWave
Denver
We have
audited the internal control over financial reporting of The WhiteWave Foods Company and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 based on the criteria established in Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework
(1992)&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company&#146;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
 and performing such other
A
company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the company&#146;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the
company&#146;s board of directors
 management
 and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition
 use
Because of
the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting
 including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls
 material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 based on the criteria established in Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework (1992)&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 of the Company and our report dated February&nbsp;28
 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and included an explanatory paragraph
relating to the allocations of expenses and debt from Dean Foods Company. 

February&nbsp;28
 2014 
 






On February&nbsp;26
 2014
 our Board of
Directors approved amendments to the Company&#146;s Amended and Restated By-laws (as so amended and restated
 the &#147;By-laws&#148;)
 which became effective immediately upon approval. Article II
 Section&nbsp;2.2 of the By-laws was amended to
delete the provision that a person would not qualify to serve as a director of the Company if he or she is a party to any compensatory or financial arrangement with a third party
 or has received any such compensation from a third party
 in
connection with his or her candidacy or service as a director of the Company (any of such arrangements
 &#147;third party compensation&#148;). Article I
 Section&nbsp;1.10(b) also was amended to require that any proposed nominee for election as a
director of the Company
 and any stockholder who submits a proposed nomination
 must disclose to the Company information regarding any third party compensation involving the proposed nominee for director. 
 



 




Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 





Information that will be contained in our
proxy statement for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 







 The WhiteWave Foods 2012 Stock Incentive Plan
 which was approved by our stockholders at our 2013
annual meeting of stockholders. The following table contains certain information about the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan as of December&nbsp;31
 2013. 


















Outstanding Options



Price&nbsp;of Outstanding&nbsp;Options

Rights


(excluding
securities






392
749








800





















245
596 restricted stock units (&#147;RSUs&#148;) and 24
568 restricted stock awards (&#147;RSAs&#148;) outstanding under the WhiteWave Foods 2012 Stock Incentive Plan. RSUs and RSAs do not have an exercise
price because their value is dependent upon continued employment or service over a period of time and may be settled only for shares of common stock. Accordingly
 RSUs and RSAs have been disregarded for purposes of computing the weighted-average
exercise price. 



Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence 





Information that will be
contained in our proxy statement for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 




(a) Financial
Statements
The financial statements filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are
listed in the index under Part&nbsp;II
The exhibits required by Item&nbsp;601 of Regulation S-K which are filed with this
report or incorporated by referenced herein
 are set forth in the Exhibit Index. 
 



 

 the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 























Dated February&nbsp;28
 2014 

 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February&nbsp;28
 2014. 






































 P.
G















Joseph S. Hardin
 Jr.



















 



 

















 2013 for the acquisition of Earthbound Farm (1)














 as amended and restated through February 28
 2014














 dated as of October 25
 2012
 by and among Dean Foods Company
 The WhiteWave Foods Company
 and WWF Operating Company (3)







 dated as of October 25
 2012
 between Dean Foods Company and The WhiteWave Foods Company
 as amended (3)







 dated as of October 25
 2012
 by Dean Foods Company and The WhiteWave Foods Company (3)







 dated as of October 25
 2012
 by and between Dean Foods Company
 The WhiteWave Foods Company and WWF Operating Company (3)







 dated as of October 25
 2012
 between Dean Foods Company and The WhiteWave Foods Company (3)







 dated August 2
 2012
 by and between WWF Operating Company
 Suiza Dairy Group
 LLC and Dean Dairy Holdings
 LLC
 as amended (9)(10)







 dated December 2
 2012
 by and between WWF Operating Company and Morningstar Foods
 LLC (3)(10)







 dated August 1
 2012
 by and between WWF Operating Company and Morningstar Foods
 LLC
 as amended (8)(10)







 2012 between Dean Foods Company and WWF Operating Company (3)(10)







 dated August 1
 2012
 by and between WWF Operating Company and Morningstar Foods
 LLC
 as amended (8)







 dated August 1
 2012
 by and between WWF Operating Company
 Suiza Dairy Group
 LLC and Dean Dairy Holdings
 LLC (8)(10)







 dated April&nbsp;13
 2001 (5)







 dated February&nbsp;4
 2011 (5)







 The WhiteWave Foods Company and Gregg L. Engles
 dated December 4
 2012 (3)







 The WhiteWave Foods Company and Edward F. Fugger
 dated December 4
 2012 (3)







 The WhiteWave Foods Company and Thomas N. Zanetich
 dated December&nbsp;4
 2012 (3)







 The WhiteWave Foods Company and Kelly J. Haecker
 dated December 4
 2012 (3)



















 The WhiteWave Foods Company and Blaine E. McPeak
 dated December 4
 2012 (3)







 The WhiteWave Foods Company and Roger E. Theodoredis
 dated December 4
 2012 (3)







 2013 between The WhiteWave Foods Company and Gregg L. Engles
 Blaine E. McPeak and Thomas N. Zanetich (2)







 2013 between The WhiteWave Foods Company and Kelly J. Haecker
 Edward F. Fugger and Roger E. Theodoredis (2)







 2013 between Dean Foods Company and The WhiteWave Foods Company (2)







 effective May 24
 2013 (2)












































































































































 dated August 1
 2012
 by and between WWF Operating Company
 Suiza Dairy Group
 LLC and Dean Dairy Holdings
 LLC (8)







 dated as of October&nbsp;12
 2012
 among The WhiteWave Foods Company
 the subsidiary guarantors identified therein
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as syndication agent
and the other lenders party thereto (7)







 2014 (1)







 2014 (1)



















 dated November 20
 2012
 by and between Dean Foods Company and The WhiteWave Foods Company (3)







 dated December 28
 2012 by and between Dean Foods Company and The WhiteWave Foods Company (3)







 dated December 2
 2012
 by and between WWF Operating Company and Morningstar Foods
 LLC (3)







 dated December 2
 2012
 by and between WWF Operating Company and Morningstar Foods
 LLC (3)





























































































 2014 




 2013 




 2012 




































fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i)&nbsp;the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 (ii)&nbsp;the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years
ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 (iii)&nbsp;the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 (iv)&nbsp;the Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31
2013
 2012 and 2011
 (v)&nbsp;the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 and (vi)&nbsp;Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 the XBRL-related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K is deemed not
filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act
 is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act
 and otherwise is not subject to liability. 













 

THE WHITEWAVE FOODS
COMPANY 


 


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 
1.1
. All meetings of stockholders shall be held at such place
 if any
&#148;) of The WhiteWave Foods Company (the
&#148;)
 the Chairman of the Board
 the Chief Executive Officer or the President or
 if not so designated
 at the principal office of the Corporation. 
. The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors to succeed those whose terms expire and for the
transaction of such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting shall be held on a date and at a time designated by the Board
 the Chairman of the Board
 the Lead Director
 the Chief Executive Officer or the President (which date
shall not be a legal holiday in the place
 if any
 where the meeting is to be held). The Board may postpone
 reschedule or cancel any previously scheduled annual meeting of stockholders. 
. Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Board
 the Lead
Director
 the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer
 and may not be called by any other person or persons. The Board may postpone
 reschedule or cancel any previously scheduled special meeting of stockholders. Business transacted at
1.4
. Except as otherwise provided by law
 notice of each meeting of stockholders
 whether annual or special
 shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60&nbsp;days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled
to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given to stockholders
 any notice shall be effective if given by a form of
&#148;)) by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. The notices of all meetings shall state the place
if any
 date and time of the meeting
 the means of remote communications
 if any
 by which stockholders and proxyholders 



may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting
 and the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from the record
date for stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting). The notice of a special meeting shall state
 in addition
 the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. If notice is given by mail
 such notice shall be deemed given when deposited
in the United States mail
 postage prepaid
 directed to the stockholder at such stockholder&#146;s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. If notice is given by electronic transmission
 such notice shall be deemed given at the time
. The Secretary shall prepare
 at least 10&nbsp;days before every
meeting of stockholders
 a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (provided
 however
 if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than 10 days before the date of the meeting
 the list shall
reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date)
 arranged in alphabetical order
 and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall
be open to the examination of any stockholder
 for any purpose germane to the meeting
 for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting: (a)&nbsp;on a reasonably accessible electronic network
 provided that the information required to gain
access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting
 or (b)&nbsp;during ordinary business hours
 at the principal place of business of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place
 then the list shall also be produced and kept
at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof
 and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication
 then the list shall also be open to the examination of
any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network
 and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting. Except as otherwise provided by law
 the list
shall presumptively determine the identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number of shares held by each of them. 
. Except as otherwise provided by law
 the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws
 the holders of a majority in voting
power of the shares of the capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting
 present in person
 present by means of remote communication in a manner
 if any
 authorized by the Board in its sole

 



discretion
 or represented by proxy
 shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business; provided
 however
 that where a separate vote by a class or classes or series of capital stock is
required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation
 the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of such class or classes or series of the capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote on such matter
present in person
 present by means of remote communication in a manner
 if any
 authorized by the Board in its sole discretion
 or represented by proxy
 shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to the vote on such matter. A
quorum
 once established at a meeting
1.7
. Any meeting of stockholders
 annual or special
 may be adjourned from time to time to any other time and to any other place at which a meeting of stockholders may be held under these
 by the chairman of the meeting or by the stockholders present or represented at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon
 although less than a quorum. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days
 a
notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting
 the Board
shall fix as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting
 and shall give notice of
the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record as of the record date so fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. At the adjourned meeting
 the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting.
. Each stockholder shall have such number of votes
 if any
 for each share of stock entitled to vote and
held of record by such stockholder as may be fixed in the Certificate of Incorporation and a proportionate vote for each fractional share so held
 unless otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation. Each stockholder of record
entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may vote in person (including by means of remote communications
 if any
 by which stockholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting) or may authorize another person or persons
to vote for such stockholder by a proxy executed or transmitted in a manner permitted by the DGCL by the stockholder or such stockholder&#146;s authorized agent and delivered (including by electronic transmission) to the Secretary of the
Corporation. No such proxy shall be voted upon after three years from the date of its execution
 unless the proxy expressly provides for a longer period. 
 


. When a quorum is present at any meeting
 any matter other than the
election of directors to be voted upon by the stockholders at such meeting shall be decided by the vote of the holders of shares of stock having a majority in voting power of the votes cast by the holders of all of the shares of stock present or
represented at the meeting and voting affirmatively or negatively on such matter (or if there are two or more classes or series of stock entitled to vote as separate classes
 then in the case of each such class or series
 the holders of a majority
in voting power of the shares of stock of that class or series present or represented at the meeting and voting affirmatively or negatively on such matter)
 except when a different vote is required by applicable law
 regulation applicable to the
Corporation or its securities
 the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation
 Other than directors who may be elected by the
holders of shares of any series of Preferred Stock or pursuant to any resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of such stock adopted by the Board
 each director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect
to that director&#146;s election at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present
 provided that if
 as of the 10th day preceding the date the Corporation first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the
stockholders of the Corporation
 the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected
 the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast. For purposes of the foregoing sentence of this Section&nbsp;1.9
 a
majority of votes cast shall mean that the number of votes cast &#147;for&#148; a director&#146;s election exceeds the number of votes cast &#147;against&#148; that director&#146;s election (with &#147;abstentions&#148; and &#147;broker
nonvotes&#148; not counted as votes cast either &#147;for&#148; or &#147;against&#148; any director&#146;s election). Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot. 


 (2)&nbsp;any directors elected in accordance
with Section&nbsp;2.9 hereof by the Board to fill a vacancy or newly-created directorship or (3)&nbsp;as otherwise required by applicable law or 
 



stock exchange regulation
 at any meeting of stockholders
 only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures in this Section&nbsp;1.10 shall be eligible for election as directors.
Nomination for election to the Board at a meeting of stockholders may be made (i)&nbsp;by or at the direction of the Board (or any committee thereof) or (ii)&nbsp;by any stockholder of the Corporation who (x)&nbsp;timely complies with the notice
procedures in Section&nbsp;1.10(b)
 (y)&nbsp;is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of such notice and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting and (z)&nbsp;is entitled to vote at such
(b) To be timely
 a stockholder&#146;s notice must be received in writing by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of
the Corporation as follows: (i)&nbsp;in the case of an election of directors at an annual meeting of stockholders
 not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year&#146;s annual meeting; provided
however
 that in the event that the date of the annual meeting in any year is advanced by more than 20 days
 or delayed by more than 60 days
 from the first anniversary of the preceding year&#146;s annual meeting
 a stockholder&#146;s notice must be
so received not earlier than the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (A)&nbsp;the 90th day prior to such annual meeting and (B)&nbsp;the tenth day following the day on which notice of the
date of such annual meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was made
 whichever first occurs; or (ii)&nbsp;in the case of an election of directors at a special meeting of stockholders
 provided that the Board
 the
Lead Director
 the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer has determined
 in accordance with Section&nbsp;1.3
 that directors shall be elected at such special meeting and provided further that the nomination made by the stockholder is
for one of the director positions that the Board
 the Lead Director
 the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer
 as the case may be
 has determined will be filled at such special meeting
 not earlier than the 120th day prior to such
special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (x)&nbsp;the 90th day prior to such special meeting and (y)&nbsp;the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of such special meeting was mailed or public
disclosure of the date of such special meeting was made
 whichever first occurs. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of a meeting (or the public disclosure thereof) commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving
of a stockholder&#146;s notice. 
 



nominee (1)&nbsp;such person&#146;s name
 age
 business address and
 if known
 residence address
 (2)&nbsp;such person&#146;s principal occupation or employment
 (3)&nbsp;the class and series and number of shares of stock of the Corporation that
are
 directly or indirectly
 owned
 beneficially or of record
 by such person
 (4)&nbsp;a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements
 arrangements and understandings during the past three years
including any agreements
 arrangements and understandings relating to the proposed nominee&#146;s candidacy or service as a director of the Corporation
 together with any other material relationships
 between or among (x)&nbsp;the stockholder
 the
beneficial owner
 if any
 on whose behalf the nomination is being made and the respective affiliates and associates of
 or others acting in concert with
 such stockholder and such beneficial owner
 on the one hand
 and (y)&nbsp;each proposed
nominee
 and his or her respective affiliates and associates
 or others acting in concert with such nominee(s)
 on the other hand
 including all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item&nbsp;404 of Regulation S-K if the
&#148; for purposes of such Item and the
proposed nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant
 and (5)&nbsp;any other information concerning such person that must be disclosed as to nominees in proxy solicitations pursuant to Regulation&nbsp;14A under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
&#148;); and (B)&nbsp;as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner
 if any
 on whose behalf the nomination is being made (1)&nbsp;the name and address of such
stockholder
 as they appear on the Corporation&#146;s books
 and of such beneficial owner
 (2)&nbsp;the class and series and number of shares of stock of the Corporation that are
 directly or indirectly
 owned
 beneficially or of record
 by such
stockholder and such beneficial owner
 (3)&nbsp;a description of any agreement
 arrangement or understanding between or among such stockholder and/or such beneficial owner and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their
names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are being made or who may participate in the solicitation of proxies in favor of electing such nominee(s)
 (4)&nbsp;a description of any agreement
 arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or
short positions
 swaps
 profit interests
 options
 warrants
 convertible securities
 stock appreciation or similar rights
 hedging transactions
 and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into by
 or on behalf of
 such stockholder or such
beneficial owner
 the effect or 
 



intent of which is to mitigate loss to
 manage risk or benefit of share price changes for
 or increase or decrease the voting power of
 such stockholder or such beneficial owner with respect to
shares of stock of the Corporation
 (5)&nbsp;any other information relating to such stockholder and such beneficial owner that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with
solicitations of proxies for the election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section&nbsp;14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
 (6)&nbsp;a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in
person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person(s) named in its notice and (7)&nbsp;a representation whether such stockholder and/or such beneficial owner intends or is part of a group which intends (x)&nbsp;to deliver a proxy statement
and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation&#146;s outstanding capital stock reasonably believed by such stockholder or such beneficial owner to be sufficient to elect the nominee (and such representation shall be
included in any such proxy statement and form of proxy) and/or (y)&nbsp;otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such nomination (and such representation shall be included in any such solicitation materials). Not later
than 10 days after the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting
 the information required by Items (A)(1)-(5)&nbsp;and (B)(1)-(5)&nbsp;of the prior sentence shall be supplemented by the stockholder giving the notice
to provide updated information as of such record date. In addition
 to be effective
 the stockholder&#146;s notice must be accompanied by the written consent of the proposed nominee to serve as a director if elected and a certificate from the
proposed nominee certifying that such proposed nominee is not
 and does not intend to become
 a party to any agreement
 arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation in connection with nomination or service as a
director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information
 in the form of a questionnaire or otherwise
 as the Corporation may reasonably require to determine the
eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation or whether such nominee would be independent under applicable Securities and Exchange Commission and stock exchange rules and the Corporation&#146;s publicly disclosed
corporate governance guidelines. A stockholder shall not have complied with this Section&nbsp;1.10(b) if the stockholder (or beneficial owner
 if any
 on whose behalf the nomination is made) solicits or does not solicit
 as the case may be
 proxies
or votes in support of such stockholder&#146;s nominee in contravention of the representations with respect thereto required by this Section&nbsp;1.10. 
 



was made in accordance with the provisions of this Section&nbsp;1.10 (including whether the stockholder or beneficial owner
 if any
 on whose behalf the nomination is made solicited (or is part of a group which solicited) or did not so solicit
 as
the case may be
 proxies or votes in support of such stockholder&#146;s nominee in compliance with the representations with respect thereto required by this Section&nbsp;1.10)
 and if the chairman should determine that a nomination was not made in
accordance with the provisions of this Section&nbsp;1.10
 the chairman shall so declare to the meeting and such nomination shall not be brought before the meeting. 

 nothing in this Section&nbsp;1.10 shall obligate the Corporation or the Board to include in any proxy
statement or other stockholder communication distributed on behalf of the Corporation or the Board information with respect to any nominee for director submitted by a stockholder. 

 unless otherwise required by law
 if the stockholder (or a qualified
representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the meeting to present a nomination
 such nomination shall not be brought before the meeting
 notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nominee may have been received by the Corporation.
For purposes of this Section&nbsp;1.10
&#148;
 a person must be authorized by a written instrument executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by
such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such written instrument or electronic transmission
 or a reliable reproduction of the written instrument or electronic transmission
 at
(f) For purposes of this Section&nbsp;1.10
&#148; shall include disclosure in
a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service
 Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section&nbsp;13
 14 or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act. 
 



 a stockholder shall also
comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section&nbsp;1.10; provided
 however
 that any references in these By-laws to the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit any requirements applicable to nominations to be considered pursuant to this Section&nbsp;1.10 (including paragraphs (a)(ii) hereof)
 and compliance with
paragraphs (a)(ii) of this Section&nbsp;1.10 shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations. Nothing in this Section&nbsp;1.10 shall be deemed to affect any rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect
.
(a) At any annual meeting of the stockholders
 only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the
meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting
 business must be (1)&nbsp;specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board
 (2)&nbsp;otherwise properly brought before the meeting by
or at the direction of the Board (or any committee thereof)
 or (3)&nbsp;properly brought before the annual meeting by a stockholder. For business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder
 (i)&nbsp;if such business relates to
the nomination of a person for election as a director of the Corporation
 the procedures in Section&nbsp;1.10 must be complied with and (ii)&nbsp;if such business relates to any other matter
 the business must constitute a proper matter under
Delaware law for stockholder action and the stockholder must (x)&nbsp;have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary in accordance with the procedures in Section&nbsp;1.11(b)
 (y)&nbsp;be a stockholder of record on the date of the
giving of such notice and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (z)&nbsp;be entitled to vote at such annual meeting. 

 a stockholder&#146;s notice must be received in writing by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the
Corporation not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year&#146;s annual meeting; provided
 however
 that in the event that the date of the annual meeting in any year is advanced by more

 



than 20 days
 or delayed by more than 60 days
 from the first anniversary of the preceding year&#146;s annual meeting
 a stockholder&#146;s notice must be so received not earlier than the 120th
day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (i)&nbsp;the 90th day prior to such annual meeting and (ii)&nbsp;the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of such annual meeting was mailed
or public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was made
 whichever first occurs. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting (or the public disclosure thereof) commence a new time period (or extend any time
The stockholder&#146;s notice to the Secretary shall set forth: (A)&nbsp;as to
each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (1)&nbsp;a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting
 (2)&nbsp;the text of the proposal (including the exact text of any resolutions
proposed for consideration and
 in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the By-laws
 the exact text of the proposed amendment)
 and (3)&nbsp;the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting
 and (B)&nbsp;as to the
stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner
 if any
 on whose behalf the proposal is being made (1)&nbsp;the name and address of such stockholder
 as they appear on the Corporation&#146;s books
 and of such beneficial owner
 (2)&nbsp;the
class and series and number of shares of stock of the Corporation that are
 directly or indirectly
 owned
 beneficially or of record
 by such stockholder and such beneficial owner
 (3)&nbsp;a description of any material interest of such stockholder
or such beneficial owner and the respective affiliates and associates of
 or others acting in concert with
 such stockholder or such beneficial owner in such business
 (4)&nbsp;a description of any agreement
 arrangement or understanding between or
among such stockholder and/or such beneficial owner and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business or who may participate in the solicitation of proxies in favor of such proposal
 (5)&nbsp;a
description of any agreement
 arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions
 swaps
 profit interests
 options
 warrants
 convertible securities
 stock appreciation or similar rights
 hedging transactions
 and borrowed or
loaned shares) that has been entered into by
 or on behalf of
 such stockholder or such beneficial owner
 the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to
 manage risk or benefit of share price changes for
 or increase or decrease the voting
power of
 such stockholder or such beneficial owner with respect to shares of stock of the Corporation
 (6)&nbsp;any other information relating to such stockholder and such beneficial owner 
 



that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for the business proposed pursuant to Section&nbsp;14
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
 (7)&nbsp;a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting and (8)&nbsp;a
representation whether such stockholder and/or such beneficial owner intends or is part of a group which intends (x)&nbsp;to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation&#146;s outstanding
capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal (and such representation shall be included in any such proxy statement and form of proxy) and/or (y)&nbsp;otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such proposal
(and such representation shall be included in any such solicitation materials). Not later than 10 days after the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting
 the information required by Items (A)(3) and
(B)(1)-(6)&nbsp;of the prior sentence shall be supplemented by the stockholder giving the notice to provide updated information as of such record date. Notwithstanding anything in these By-laws to the contrary
 no business shall be conducted at any
annual meeting of stockholders except in accordance with the procedures in this Section&nbsp;1.11; provided that any stockholder proposal which complies with Rule&nbsp;14a-8 of the proxy rules (or any successor provision) promulgated under the
Exchange Act and is to be included in the Corporation&#146;s proxy statement for an annual meeting of stockholders shall be deemed to comply with the notice requirements of this Section&nbsp;1.11. A stockholder shall not have complied with this
Section&nbsp;1.11(b) if the stockholder (or beneficial owner
 if any
 on whose behalf the proposal is made) solicits or does not solicit
 as the case may be
 proxies or votes in support of such stockholder&#146;s proposal in contravention of the
(c) The chairman of any annual meeting shall have the power and
duty to determine whether business was properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section&nbsp;1.11 (including whether the stockholder or beneficial owner
 if any
 on whose behalf the proposal is made
solicited (or is part of a group which solicited) or did not so solicit
 as the case may be
 proxies or votes in support of such stockholder&#146;s proposal in compliance with the representation with respect thereto required by this
Section&nbsp;1.11)
 and if the chairman should determine that business was not properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section&nbsp;1.11
 the chairman shall so declare to the meeting and such business
shall not be brought before the annual meeting. 
 



 nothing in this Section&nbsp;1.11 shall obligate the
Corporation or the Board to include in any proxy statement or other stockholder communication distributed on behalf of the Corporation or the Board information with respect to any proposal submitted by a stockholder. 

 unless otherwise required by law
 if the stockholder (or a qualified
representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting to present business
 such business shall not be considered
 notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such business may have been received by the Corporation. 

public
(g) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
Section&nbsp;1.11
 a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section&nbsp;1.11; provided
 however
 that any
references in these By-laws to the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit any requirements applicable to proposals as to any business to be considered pursuant to this
Section&nbsp;1.11 (including paragraphs (a)(3) hereof)
 and compliance with paragraphs (a)(3) of this Section&nbsp;1.11 shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to submit business (other than
 as provided in the penultimate sentence of (b)
business other than nominations brought properly under and in compliance with Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act
 as may be amended from time to time). Nothing in this Section&nbsp;1.11 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request
inclusion of proposals in the Corporation&#146;s proxy statement pursuant to applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 


 

 if any
 or in the Chairman&#146;s absence by the Vice
Chairman of the Board
 if any
 or in the Vice Chairman&#146;s absence by the Chief Executive Officer
 or in the Chief Executive Officer&#146;s absence
 by the President
 or in the President&#146;s absence by a Vice President
 or in the absence of
all of the foregoing persons by a chairman designated by the Board. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting
 but in the Secretary&#146;s absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 

 regulations and procedures for the conduct of any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation
as it shall deem appropriate including
 without limitation
 such guidelines and procedures as it may deem appropriate regarding the participation by means of remote communication of stockholders and proxyholders not physically present at a meeting.
Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules
 regulations and procedures as adopted by the Board
 the chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess and/or adjourn the
meeting
 to prescribe such rules
 regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as
 in the judgment of such chairman
 are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules
 regulations or procedures
 whether adopted by the Board or
prescribed by the chairman of the meeting
 may include
 without limitation
 the following: (i)&nbsp;the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii)&nbsp;rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the
safety of those present; (iii)&nbsp;limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation
 their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as shall be determined;
(iv)&nbsp;restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (v)&nbsp;limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the
chairman of the meeting
 meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 



be voted upon at the meeting will be opened and closed. After the polls close
 no ballots
 proxies or votes or any revocations or changes thereto may be accepted. 

 the Board
 the Chairman of the Board
 the Chief Executive Officer or the President shall appoint
one or more inspectors of election to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. One or more other persons may be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is present
 ready
and willing to act at a meeting of stockholders
 the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Unless otherwise required by law
 inspectors may be officers
 employees or agents of the Corporation. Each
inspector
 before entering upon the discharge of such inspector&#146;s duties
 shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspector&#146;s ability. The
inspector shall have the duties prescribed by law and
 when the vote is completed
 shall make a certificate of the result of the vote taken and of such other facts as may be required by law. Every vote taken by ballots shall be counted by a duly
appointed inspector or duly appointed inspectors. 
General
Powers
 who may exercise all of the powers of the Corporation except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation. 
Number
 Election and Qualification
 the
number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board. Election of directors need not be by written ballot. Directors need not be stockholders of the Corporation. 
. The Board may appoint from its members a Chairman of the Board and a Vice
Chairman of the Board
 neither of whom need be an employee or officer of the Corporation. If the Board appoints a Chairman of the 
 



Board
 such Chairman shall perform such duties and possess such powers as are assigned by the Board and
 if the Chairman of the Board is also designated as the Corporation&#146;s Chief Executive
Officer
 shall have the powers and duties of the Chief Executive Officer prescribed in Section&nbsp;3.7 of these By-laws. If the Board appoints a Vice Chairman of the Board
 such Vice Chairman shall perform such duties and possess such powers as are
assigned by the Board. Unless otherwise provided by the Board
 the Chairman of the Board or
 in the Chairman&#146;s absence
 the Vice Chairman of the Board
 if any
 shall preside at all meetings of the Board. 


 the Board shall be and is divided into three classes
designated Class I
 Class II and Class III. Each class shall consist
 as nearly as may be possible
 of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire Board. The Board is authorized to assign members of the Board already in office
to Class I
(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing
 commencing with
&#148;)
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;141(d) of the DGCL
&#148;)
 the Board shall be divided into two classes of directors
 Class I and Class II
 with the directors in Class I having a term that expires at the fourth annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation held
&#148;) and the directors in Class II having a term that expires at the fifth annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation held following the
&#148;). The directors who
 immediately prior to the election of directors at the Third Annual Meeting
 were members of Class III and whose terms as Class III
directors expire at the Third Annual Meeting shall be automatically assigned and shall stand for election by the stockholders at the Third Annual Meeting
 to Class I; the directors who
 immediately prior to the election of directors at the Third
Annual Meeting
 were members of Class I and whose terms as Class I directors were scheduled to expire at the Fourth Annual Meeting shall remain members of Class I; and the directors who
 immediately prior to the election of directors at the Third
Annual Meeting
 were members of Class II and whose terms as Class II directors were scheduled to expire at the Fifth Annual Meeting shall remain members of Class II. 
 



 commencing with the election of directors at the Fourth Annual
Meeting
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;141(d)
 the Board shall be divided into one class of directors
 Class II
 with the directors in Class II having a term that expires at the Fifth Annual Meeting. The directors who
 immediately prior to the election
of directors at the Fourth Annual Meeting
 were members of Class I and whose terms as Class I directors were scheduled to expire at the Fourth Annual Meeting shall be automatically assigned
 and shall stand for election by the stockholders at the
Fourth Annual Meeting
 to Class II
 and the directors who immediately prior to the election of directors at the Fourth Annual Meeting
 were members of Class II shall remain members of Class II. 

 commencing with the election of directors at the Fifth Annual Meeting
 the Board shall cease to be
classified as provided for in Section&nbsp;141(d)
 all directors shall stand for election by the stockholders annually
 and each director elected by the stockholders at the Fifth Annual Meeting and each annual meeting of the Corporation&#146;s
2.5
. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors and Section&nbsp;2.4 above
 each director shall serve for a term ending on the date of the third annual meeting of the Corporation&#146;s
 that each director initially assigned to Class I shall serve for a term expiring at the first annual meeting of the
Corporation&#146;s stockholders held following the effectiveness of the adoption of these By-laws; each director initially assigned to Class II shall serve for a term expiring at the second annual meeting of the Corporation&#146;s stockholders held
following the effectiveness of the adoption of these By-laws; and each director initially assigned to Class III shall serve for a term expiring at the Third Annual Meeting; 
 that the term of each director shall
continue until the election and qualification of his or her successor and be subject to his or her earlier death
 disqualification
 resignation or removal. 
 


. The greater of (a)&nbsp;a majority of the directors at any time in office and
(b)&nbsp;one-third of the number of directors fixed pursuant to Section&nbsp;2.2 of these By-laws shall constitute a quorum of the Board. If at any meeting of the Board there shall be less than a quorum
 a majority of the directors present may
adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice other than announcement at the meeting
2.7
. Every act or decision done or made by a majority of the directors present at a meeting duly held at which a quorum is present shall be regarded as the act of the Board
 unless a greater number is required by law or by the
. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock
 directors of the
. Subject to the rights of
holders of any series of Preferred Stock
 any newly created directorship that results from an increase in the number of directors or any vacancy on the Board that results from the death
 disability
 resignation
 disqualification or removal of any
director or from any other cause shall be filled solely by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office
 even if less than a quorum
 or by a sole remaining director and shall not be filled by the stockholders.
Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall hold office for the remaining term of his or her predecessor. 
. Any director may resign by delivering a resignation in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation at
its principal office or to the Chairman of the Board
 the Chief Executive Officer
 the President or the Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon delivery unless it is specified to be effective at some later time or upon the happening of
some later event. 
 


. Regular meetings of the Board may be held without notice at such
time and place as shall be determined from time to time by the Board; provided that any director who is absent when such a determination is made shall be given notice of the determination. A regular meeting of the Board may be held without notice
. Special meetings of the
Board may be held at any time and place designated in a call by the Chairman of the Board
 the Lead Director
 the Chief Executive Officer
 the President
 two or more directors
 or by one director in the event that there is only a single director in
. Notice of the date
 place and time of any special meeting of the Board shall be given to
each director by the Secretary or by the officer or one of the directors calling the meeting. Notice shall be duly given to each director (a)&nbsp;in person or by telephone at least 24&nbsp;hours in advance of the meeting
 (b)&nbsp;by sending
written notice by reputable overnight courier
 telecopy
 facsimile or other means of electronic transmission
 or delivering written notice by hand
 to such director&#146;s last known business
 home or means of electronic transmission address at
least 48&nbsp;hours in advance of the meeting
 or (c)&nbsp;by sending written notice by first-class mail to such director&#146;s last known business or home address at least 72&nbsp;hours in advance of the meeting. A notice or waiver of notice of a
. Directors
may participate in meetings of the Board or any committee thereof by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other
 and participation by such means
. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any
meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting
 if all members of the Board or committee
 as the case may be
 consent to the action in writing or by electronic transmission
 and the written consents or electronic
transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 
 


. The Board may designate one or more committees
 each committee to consist
of one or more of the directors of the Corporation with such lawfully delegable powers and duties as the Board thereby confers
 to serve at the pleasure of the Board. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any
committee
 who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee
 the member or members of the committee present at any meeting and not disqualified from
voting
 whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum
 may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee
 to the extent provided in the
resolution of the Board and subject to the provisions of law
 shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be
affixed to all papers which may require it. Each such committee shall keep minutes and make such reports as the Board may from time to time request. Except as the Board may otherwise determine
 any committee may make rules for the conduct of its
business
 but unless otherwise provided by the directors or in such rules
 for the Board. Except as
otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation
 these By-laws
 or the resolution of the Board designating the committee
 a committee may create one or more subcommittees
 each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of the committee
. Directors
may be paid such compensation for their services and such reimbursement for expenses of attendance at meetings as the Board may from time to time determine. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation or any of its
parent or subsidiary entities in any other capacity and receiving compensation for such service. 
 


 
3.1
. The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a Chief Executive Officer
 a President
 a Secretary
 a Treasurer and such other officers with such other titles as the Board shall determine
 including one or more Vice Presidents
3.2
. The Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Treasurer and Secretary shall be elected annually by the Board at its first meeting following the annual meeting of stockholders. Other officers may be appointed by the Board at such meeting
. No officer need be a stockholder. Any two or more offices may be held by the same
. Except as otherwise provided by law



 unless a different term is specified in the resolution electing or appointing such officer
 or until such
officer&#146;s earlier death
 resignation
. Any officer may resign by
delivering a written resignation to the Corporation at its principal office or to the Chief Executive Officer
 the President or the Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some later time
or upon the happening of some later event. Any officer may be removed at any time
 with or without cause
 by vote of a majority of the directors then in office. Except as the Board may otherwise determine
 no officer who resigns or is removed shall
have any right to any compensation as an officer for any period following such officer&#146;s resignation or removal
 or any right to damages on account of such removal
 whether such officer&#146;s compensation be by the month or by the year or
otherwise
 unless such compensation is expressly provided for in a duly authorized written agreement with the Corporation. 
 


. The Board may fill any vacancy occurring in any office for any reason and
may
 in its discretion
 leave unfilled for such period as it may determine any offices. Each such successor shall hold office for the unexpired term of such officer&#146;s predecessor and until a successor is duly elected and qualified
 or until
such officer&#146;s earlier death
 resignation
. Unless the
Board has designated another person as the Corporation&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer shall have general charge and supervision of the business of
the Corporation subject to the direction of the Board
 and shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the office of chief executive or that are delegated to such officer by the Board. The President shall perform such
other duties and shall have such other powers as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer (if the President is not the Chief Executive Officer) may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence
 inability or refusal to act of the Chief
Executive Officer or the President (if the President is not the Chief Executive Officer)
 the Vice President (or if there shall be more than one
 the Vice Presidents in the order determined by the Board) shall perform the duties of the Chief
Executive Officer and when so performing such duties shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Chief Executive Officer. 
. Each Vice President shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer
may from time to time prescribe. The Board may assign to any Vice President the title of Executive Vice President
 Senior Vice President or any other title selected by the Board. 
. The Secretary shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as the Board or the Chief
Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe. In addition
 the Secretary shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the office of the secretary
 including without limitation the duty and power to give notices of all
meetings of stockholders and special meetings of the Board
 to attend all meetings of stockholders and the Board and keep a record of the proceedings
 to maintain a stock ledger and prepare lists of stockholders and their addresses as required
 to
be custodian of corporate records and the corporate seal and to affix and attest to the same on documents. 
 



 the Chief
Executive Officer or the Secretary may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence
 inability or refusal to act of the Secretary
 the Assistant Secretary (or if there shall be more than one
 the Assistant Secretaries in the order
In the absence of the Secretary or any
Assistant Secretary at any meeting of stockholders or directors
 the chairman of the meeting shall designate a temporary secretary to keep a record of the meeting. 
. The Treasurer shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may from time to time be
assigned by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. In addition
 the Treasurer shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the office of treasurer
 including without limitation the duty and power to keep and be responsible
for all funds and securities of the Corporation
 to deposit funds of the Corporation in depositories selected in accordance with these By-laws
 to disburse such funds as ordered by the Board
 to make proper accounts of such funds
 and to render as
The Assistant Treasurers
shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board
 the Chief Executive Officer or the Treasurer may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence
 inability or refusal to act of the Treasurer
 the Assistant Treasurer (or if
there shall be more than one
 the Assistant Treasurers in the order determined by the Board) shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer. 
. Officers of the Corporation shall be entitled to such salaries
 compensation or reimbursement as shall be fixed or
. The Board may from time to time delegate the powers or
duties of any officer to any other officer or agent
 notwithstanding any provision hereof. 
 


 
4.1
. Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation
 the whole or any part of any unissued balance of the authorized capital stock of the Corporation or the whole or any part of any shares of the authorized
capital stock of the Corporation held in the Corporation&#146;s treasury may be issued
 sold
 transferred or otherwise disposed of by vote of the Board in such manner
 for such lawful consideration and on such terms as the Board may determine. 
. The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates
 provided that the
Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the Corporation&#146;s stock shall be uncertificated shares. Every holder of stock of the Corporation represented by certificates shall be entitled to
have a certificate
 in such form as may be prescribed by law and by the Board
 representing the number of shares held by such holder registered in certificate form. Each such certificate shall be signed in a manner that complies with
Each certificate for shares of stock which are subject to any restriction on transfer pursuant to the
Certificate of Incorporation
 these By-laws
 applicable securities laws or any agreement among any number of stockholders or among such holders and the Corporation shall have conspicuously noted on the face or back of the certificate either the full
If the Corporation shall be authorized to issue more than
one class of stock or more than one series of any class
 the powers
 designations
 preferences and relative participating
 optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications
 limitations or restrictions
of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of each certificate representing shares of such class or series of stock
 provided that in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on
the face or back of each certificate representing shares of such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers
 designations
 preferences and relative
participating
 optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications
 limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. 
 



 the Corporation
shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to Sections 151
 156
 202(a) or 218(a) of the DGCL or
 with respect to Section&nbsp;151 of DGCL
 a
statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers
 designations
 preferences and relative participating
 optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the
qualifications
. Shares of stock of the Corporation
shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by law
 the Certificate of Incorporation and in these By-laws. Transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation or by transfer agents designated to
transfer shares of stock of the Corporation. Subject to applicable law
 shares of stock represented by certificates shall be transferred only on the books of the Corporation by the surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent of the
certificate representing such shares properly endorsed or accompanied by a written assignment or power of attorney properly executed
 and with such proof of authority or the authenticity of signature as the Corporation or its transfer agent may
reasonably require. Except as may be otherwise required by law
 by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-laws
 the Corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all
purposes
 including the payment of dividends and the right to vote with respect to such stock
 regardless of any transfer
 pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares have been transferred on the books of the Corporation in accordance
Lost
 Stolen or Destroyed Certificates
uncertificated shares in place of any previously issued certificate alleged to have been lost
 stolen or destroyed
 upon such terms and conditions as the Board may prescribe
 including the presentation of reasonable evidence of such loss
 theft or
destruction and the giving of such indemnity and posting of such bond as the Board may require for the protection of the Corporation or any transfer agent or registrar. 
 


. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to
notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof
 the Board may fix a record date
 which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board
 and which record date shall
unless otherwise required by law
 not be more than sixty (60)&nbsp;nor less than ten (10)&nbsp;days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date
 such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to
vote at such meeting unless the Board determines
 at the time it fixes such record date
 that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board
 the record date
for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given
 or
 if notice is waived
 at the close of business on the day
next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided
 however
 that the Board may fix a
new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting
 and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed
In order that the Corporation may
determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights
 or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change
 conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other
lawful action
 the Board may fix a record date
 which shall not be more than sixty (60)&nbsp;days prior to such action. If no such record date is fixed
 the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of
. The issue and registration of
shares of stock of the Corporation shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board may establish. 
 


 
5.1
. Except as from time to time otherwise designated by the Board
 the fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of January of each year and end on the last day of December in each year. 

. Whenever notice is required to be given by law
 by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-laws
 a
written waiver signed by the person entitled to notice
 or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice
 whether before
 at or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given
 shall be deemed equivalent to notice
required to be given to such person. Neither the business nor the purpose of any meeting need be specified in any such waiver. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting
 except when the person attends a
meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting
 to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 
. Except as the Board may otherwise designate
 the Chief Executive Officer
 the President or the Treasurer may
waive notice of
 vote
 or appoint any person or persons to vote
 on behalf of the Corporation at
 and act as
 or appoint any person or persons to act as
 proxy or attorney-in-fact for this Corporation (with or without power of substitution) at
 any
meeting of stockholders or securityholders of any other entity
Evidence
of Authority
 or an Assistant Secretary
 or a temporary Secretary
 as to any action taken by the stockholders
 directors
 a committee or any officer or representative of the Corporation shall as to all persons who
rely on the certificate in good faith be conclusive evidence of such action. 
 


. All references in these By-laws to the Certificate of
Incorporation shall be deemed to refer to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation
 as amended and in effect from time to time. 
. Any determination that any provision of these By-laws is for any reason inapplicable
 illegal or ineffective shall
. All pronouns used in these By-laws shall be deemed to
refer to the masculine
 feminine or neuter
 singular or plural
ARTICLE VI


 amended or repealed
 in whole or in part
 or new By-laws may be adopted by the Board or by the stockholders as
expressly provided in the Certificate of Incorporation. 

Power to Indemnify in Actions
 Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation
Section&nbsp;7.3
 the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened
 pending or completed action
 suit or proceeding
 whether civil
 criminal
 administrative or investigative
(other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation
 or
 while a director or officer of the Corporation
 is or was serving at the request of the
Corporation as a director
 officer
 employee or agent of another Corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 employee benefit plan or other enterprise
 against expenses (including attorneys&#146; fees)
 judgments
 fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action
 suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation
 and
 with respect to any criminal action or 
 



proceeding
 had no reasonable cause to believe such person&#146;s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action
 suit or proceeding by judgment
 order
 settlement
 conviction
 or upon a
plea or nolo contendere or its equivalent
 shall not
 of itself
 create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation
and
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
7.2

 Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation
 the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened
pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation
 or
 while a director or officer of the
Corporation
 is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director
 officer
 employee or agent of another Corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 employee benefit plan or other enterprise against expenses (including
attorneys&#146; fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim
 issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the
Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that
 despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case
 such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to
Authorization of
Indemnification
the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section&nbsp;7.1 or Section&nbsp;7.2
 as the case may be. Such determination shall be made
 with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the
time of such determination
 (i)&nbsp;by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action
 suit or proceeding
 even though less than a 
 



quorum
 or (ii)&nbsp;by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors
 even though less than a quorum
 or (iii)&nbsp;if there are no such directors
 or if such
directors so direct
 by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (iv)&nbsp;by the stockholders. Such determination shall be made
 with respect to former directors and officers
 by any person or persons having the authority to act on the
matter on behalf of the Corporation. To the extent
 however
 that a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action
 suit or proceeding set forth in Section&nbsp;7.1 or
Section&nbsp;7.2 or in defense of any claim
 issue or matter therein
 such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys&#146; fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith
 without the necessity
. For purposes of any determination under Section&nbsp;7.3
 a person
shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation
 or
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
 to have had no reasonable cause to
believe such person&#146;s conduct was unlawful
 if such person&#146;s action is based on good faith reliance on the records or books of account of the Corporation or another enterprise
 or on information supplied to such person by the officers of
the Corporation or another enterprise in the course of their duties
 or on the advice of legal counsel for the Corporation or another enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Corporation or another enterprise by an
&#148; as used in this Section&nbsp;7.4 shall mean any other
corporation or any partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director
 officer
 employee or agent. The provisions of this
Section&nbsp;7.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the circumstances in which a person may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section&nbsp;7.1 or 7.2
 as the case may be. 
. Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section&nbsp;7.3
 and
notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder
 any director or officer may apply to the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware for indemnification to the extent otherwise permissible under Sections 7.1 and 7.2. The basis of

 



such indemnification by a court shall be a determination by such court that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable
standards of conduct set forth in Section&nbsp;7.1 or 7.2
 as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section&nbsp;7.3 nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or
create a presumption that the director or officer seeking indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct. Notice of any application for indemnification pursuant to this Section&nbsp;7.5 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon
the filing of such application. If successful
 in whole or in part
 the director or officer seeking indemnification shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such application to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 
. Expenses
 including without limitation attorneys&#146; fees
 incurred by a current or former director
or officer in defending any civil
 criminal
 administrative or investigative action
 suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action
 suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on
behalf of such current or former director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VII. 
. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by or
granted pursuant to this Article VII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the Certificate of Incorporation
 any agreement
 vote of stockholders or
disinterested directors or otherwise
 both as to action in such person&#146;s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office
 it being the policy of the Corporation that indemnification of the persons specified in
Sections 7.1 and 7.2 shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law. The provisions of this Article VII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Section&nbsp;7.1 or 7.2 but whom the Corporation
has the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the DGCL
 or otherwise. 
 


. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person
who is or was a director
 officer
 employee or agent of the Corporation
 or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director
 officer
 employee or agent of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 employee benefit
plan or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity
 or arising out of such person&#146;s status as such
 whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation
. For purposes of
this Article VII
&#148; shall include
 in addition to the resulting corporation
 any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which
 if its
separate existence had continued
 would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors
 officers
 employees or agents so that any person who is or was a director
 officer
 employee or agent of such constituent corporation
 or is or was
serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director
 officer
 employee or agent of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 employee benefit plan or other enterprise
 shall stand in the same position under the
provisions of this Article VII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. For purposes of this Article VII
 references to
&#148; shall include any service as a director
 officer
employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on
 or involves services by
 such director
 officer
 employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan
 its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in
&#148; as
. The indemnification and advancement
of expenses provided by
 or granted pursuant to
 this Article VII shall
 unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified
 continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs
 executors
and administrators of such a person. 
 


. The obligations of the Corporation under this Article VII to
indemnify a person who is or was a director
 officer
 employee or agent of the Corporation
 including the duty to advance expenses
 shall be considered a contract between the Corporation and such person
 and no modification or repeal of any
provision of this Article VII shall affect
 to the detriment of such person
 such obligations of the Corporation in connection with a claim based on any act or failure to act occurring before such modification or repeal. 
 













 


The WhiteWave
Foods Company (&#147;WhiteWave&#148;) provides the compensation described below to its non-employee directors. WhiteWave&#146;s directors who are full-time employees of WhiteWave or Dean Foods Company receive no additional compensation for service
as a WhiteWave director. 







000 cash
 payable quarterly
 in arrears
 on a pro rata basis 






000
 which may be granted in the form of stock options or restricted stock units (&#147;RSUs&#148;)
 or a combination of both
 at the election of the director 
: The non-employee director appointed as the lead director
 if applicable
 shall receive an additional annual cash retainer of
$25
000
: The non-employee director appointed as the Chairperson of
each of the Audit
 Governance
 and Compensation Committees shall receive an additional annual cash retainer
 paid quarterly in arrears on a pro rata basis
 of: 






000 






000 






Option to
Receive Equity in Lieu of Cash Compensation
 at the written election of the director
 be taken in the form of restricted stock awards (the
&#147;RSAs&#148;) or RSUs with a value equal to 150% of the amount of the cash retainer specified by the director. If a director makes this election
 he or she will receive RSAs or RSUs for shares of common stock with a value equal to 150% of the
cash amount owed to him or her
 determined as of the date of grant based on the closing price of WhiteWave Class&nbsp;A common stock on the date of grant. 
RSUs will vest pro rata
1/3 on each of the first
 second
 and third anniversaries of the grant date. 

 and 1/3 on each of the first and second anniversaries of the grant date. Unvested RSAs have full voting and
Equity awards granted to non-employee directors will be issued pursuant to the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan and
will be subject to the terms and conditions of such Plan and the applicable award notices and agreements. 


 

without subsidy on the part of WhiteWave
 during the annual open enrollment period applicable to WhiteWave&#146;s U.S. employees. 
 













 



 2014) 


 



















































































































 


 

WHEREAS
 due to
the adoption of Section&nbsp;409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
 Dean Foods Company
 a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware (&#147;Dean Foods&#148;)
 previously established the Dean Foods Company Post -2004
Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (the &#147;Dean Foods Post-2004 Plan&#148;) for the exclusive benefit of a select group of management and highly compensated employees of Dean Foods and its affiliates to provide an additional means by which such
WHEREAS
 effective
May&nbsp;23
 2013
 Dean Foods completed the distribution of a controlling interest in The WhiteWave Foods Company
 a Delaware corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 to the stockholders of Dean Foods; 

 certain employees of the Company and its subsidiaries were participants in the Dean Foods Post-2004 Plan; 

 pursuant to the terms of an Employee Matters Agreement
 entered into between Dean Foods and the Company substantially
contemporaneously with the initial public offering of the Company&#146;s common stock (the &#147;EMA&#148;)
 the parties allocated to the Company and its subsidiaries certain responsibilities and liabilities in respect of their respective employees
WHEREAS
 pursuant to the EMA
 WhiteWave established certain employee
benefit plans for the benefit of WhiteWave Group Employees effective as of the effective date of the Distribution (the &#147;Distribution Effective Date&#148;)
 including The WhiteWave Foods Company Post-2004 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan
(the &#147;Plan&#148;)
 a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that is substantially similar to the Dean Foods Post-2004 Plan
 and to which Dean Foods transferred the notional account balances held under such Dean Foods Post-2004 Plan in respect
WHEREAS
 the Company now desires to amend and restate the Plan to
NOW
 THEREFORE
 the Company hereby amends and restates the Plan to provide
as follows: 
 


 
1.1
&#147;Account&#148; shall mean the individual bookkeeping record established by the Committee showing the monetary value of the interest in the Plan of each Participant or Beneficiary. With regard to any Participant who is a Dean Foods Participant
such Account shall reflect the accrued balance in his or her account under the Dean Foods Post-2004 Plan as of the Distribution Effective Date
 which shall thereafter be adjusted and administered in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
1.2 &#147;Affiliate&#148; shall mean a member of a controlled group of corporations (as defined in Section&nbsp;414(b) of the
Code)
 a group of trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) which are under common control (as defined in Section&nbsp;414(c) of the Code)
 or an affiliated service group (as defined in Section&nbsp;414(m) of the Code) of which the Company
is a member; and any entity otherwise required to be aggregated with the Company pursuant to Section&nbsp;414(o) of the Code or the regulations issued thereunder; and any other entity in which the Company has an ownership interest and to which the
1.3 &#147;Annual Compensation&#148; shall mean the salary
 bonuses and
commissions paid or accrued by the Company or an Affiliate to an employee as remuneration for personal services rendered during each Plan Year
 as reported on the employee&#146;s federal income tax withholding statement or statements (IRS Form W-2
or its subsequent equivalent)
 together with any amounts not includable in such employee&#146;s gross income pursuant to Sections&nbsp;125 or 402(g) of the Code
 and any amounts deferred by such employee pursuant to Section&nbsp;3.1 hereof. The term
&#147;Annual Compensation&#148; with respect to Non-employee Directors shall include cash retainers (excluding meeting fees
 if any). The term &#147;Annual Compensation&#148; shall not include Restricted Stock Units granted to Participants and
1.4 &#147;Beneficiary&#148; shall mean the Beneficiary designated by each Participant under the 401(k) Plan;
provided
 however
 that a Participant may designate a different Beneficiary hereunder by delivering to the Committee a written beneficiary designation
 in the form provided by the Committee
 and executed specifically with respect to this Plan. With
respect to any Dean Foods Participant
 any Beneficiary designation made under the Dean Foods Post-2004 Plan separate and distinct from any designation under any qualified plan shall be honored and accepted as a Beneficiary designation hereunder
1.5 &#147;Board&#148; shall mean the Board of Directors of the
1.6 &#147;Code&#148; shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as it may be amended from time to time
 and the rules and
1.7 &#147;Committee&#148; shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board (or such other committee
of the Board or of officers of the Company as shall be designated by the Board to administer the Plan). 
 


 


Participant&#146;s interest in the Plan which is attributable to matching or Profit Sharing Credits credited pursuant to Sections&nbsp;3.2 and 3.3. A separate subaccount shall be maintained for each Plan Year. With regard to any Participant who is a
Dean Foods Participant
 such Company Contribution Account shall reflect the accrued balance in his or her company contribution account under the Dean Foods Post-2004 Plan as of the Distribution Effective Date
 which shall thereafter be adjusted and
1.11 &#147;Dean Foods&#148; shall have the meaning ascribed
1.12 &#147;Dean Foods Participant&#148; shall mean any person who
 at the Distribution Effective Date
 is a
WhiteWave Group Employee and immediately prior to the Distribution Effective Date was a participant in the Dean Foods Post-2004 Plan. 


any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months
 or (b)&nbsp;is
 by reason of any medically determinable physical or
mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12&nbsp;months
 receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3&nbsp;months under an accident and
1.15 &#147;Distribution Effective Date&#148; shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in
1.16 &#147;Fair Market Value&#148; shall mean the closing sales price of a share of Common Stock as reported by the New
York Stock Exchange
 or such other principal national exchange or trading system on which the Common Stock is then listed or traded on the applicable date or
 if the Common Stock is not traded on such date
 the most recent date on which the Common
Stock was traded. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if shares of Common Stock are not traded on a national exchange or trading system
 Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in good faith using such objective criteria as it shall deem
appropriate. 

 other than a director who is an officer or employee of the
Company or any Subsidiary. 
 



1.20 &#147;Performance-Based Compensation&#148; shall mean compensation earned by a
Participant based on satisfaction of variable and contingent individual or organizational performance criteria not readily ascertainable at the time the election is made and is based on services to be performed over a period of at least
12&nbsp;months. 

 as it
1.23 &#147;Plan Year&#148; shall mean the twelve-month period beginning each January&nbsp;1 and ending
1.24 &#147;Profit Sharing Credit&#148; shall mean the amount contributed to the Participant&#146;s Account as a
1.25 &#147;Restricted Stock Unit&#148; means an award of restricted stock
units
 including both time-vesting and performance-based restricted stock units
 granted to a Participant pursuant to the Company&#146;s 2012 Stock Incentive Plan or any other equity compensation plan adopted by the Company. 

 if any
 who are designated by the Committee
1.26 &#147;Trust&#148; shall mean the trust
 if any
 that shall be
established by the Company in order to assist it in funding its obligations (and those of its subsidiaries) that are recorded under the Plan. 

1.28 &#147;WhiteWave Group Employee&#148; shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the
Preamble. 


 as determined by the Board or the Committee
 who are
providing services to the Company or an Affiliate in key positions of management and responsibility. Participation in the Plan shall also be made available to Non-employee Directors. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing

 



each Dean Foods Participant shall become a Participant hereunder as of the Distribution Effective Date. Any person who is eligible to be a Participant hereunder may elect to participate hereunder
by executing a participation agreement in such form and at such time as the Committee shall require
 provided that each participation agreement shall be executed (i)&nbsp;not later than the day immediately preceding the Plan Year for which an
individual elects to make contributions to the Plan in accordance with the provisions of Section&nbsp;3.1 hereof for compensation other than Performance-Based Compensation deferred pursuant to clause (ii)&nbsp;below and Restricted Stock Units
deferred pursuant to clause (iii)&nbsp;below
 (ii)&nbsp;not later than six months before the end of the Performance Period
 for Performance-Based Compensation and (iii)&nbsp;in the case of Restricted Stock Units
 not later than the 30th day after
the date of grant
 provided that such election is also made at least 12 months in advance of the earliest date on which such Restricted Stock Units are scheduled to vest. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 in the first year in which an individual
becomes eligible to participate in the Plan
 he may elect to participate in the Plan by executing a participation agreement
 in such form as the Committee shall require
 within thirty (30)&nbsp;days after the date on which he is notified by the
Committee of his eligibility to participate in the Plan or
 with respect to Performance-Based Compensation
 such later date as is specified in the preceding sentence. The election to participate in the Plan for a Participant first enrolled during a
Plan Year shall become effective as of the first full payroll period beginning on or after the Committee&#146;s receipt of his participation agreement. With respect to the Plan Year that includes the Distribution Effective Date
 the elections made
by any Dean Foods Participant under the Dean Foods Post-2004 Plan shall be deemed to have been made pursuant to the terms of this Plan and shall be honored in accordance with their terms. The determination as to the eligibility of any individual to
participate in the Plan shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of the Committee
 whose decision in that regard shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes hereunder. 
CREDITS TO
3.1 For any Plan Year
 a Participant may
 in the manner and at the time prescribed by the Committee
 irrevocably elect to
defer a portion of the Annual Compensation otherwise payable to such Participant with respect to such Plan Year or
 in the case of Restricted Stock Units
 granted to such RSU Participant with respect to such Plan Year
 not to exceed the maximum
amount established by the Committee. Such an election
 if made
 shall only be effective if the Participant is still an employee of the Company or an Affiliate (or in the case of a Non-employee Director
 if such Participant is still a director)
 as
of the date that the Annual Compensation would otherwise have been paid or the Restricted Stock Unit would otherwise have been granted. Any amount deferred pursuant to this Article&nbsp;III from the Annual Compensation otherwise payable to a
Participant (other than Restricted Stock Units deferred by RSU Participants) shall be transferred to the Trust
 if any
 and credited to the Account of such Participant as soon as practicable after the date on which such amounts would otherwise have
been paid to the Participant. 
 



 calculated as provided in this
Section&nbsp;3.2
 to the Company Contribution Account of each Participant with respect to Annual Compensation deferred under the Plan during any Plan Year pursuant to Section&nbsp;3.1 above. The matching contribution
 if any
 shall be computed as
follows: (i)&nbsp;the Committee shall first compute a maximum matching contribution for each Participant for a Plan Year
 on the salary deferrals made by the Participant under the 401(k) plan in which the Participant participates
 using the formula
applied by such 401(k) plan with respect to the percentage of salary deferrals matched and the maximum percentage of compensation which is subject to the match
 but using the Participant&#146;s Annual Compensation as defined in this Plan up to the
maximum compensation that may be considered on behalf of a participant under such 401(k) plan (unless otherwise approved by the Board of Directors of the Company); (ii)&nbsp;the Committee shall then determine the amount of matching contributions
made for the Participant under such 401(k) plan; and (iii)&nbsp;the difference between (i)&nbsp;and (ii)
 if any
 is the matching contribution to be credited to the Participant&#146;s Company Contribution Account under the Plan. The Committee shall
credit a matching contribution
 if any
 to the Participant&#146;s Company Contribution Account as soon as administratively practicable following the end of the Plan Year in which the 401(k) plan year ends
 and the Company shall transfer a similar
amount to the Trust
 if any
 as soon as administratively practicable following such date. A Non-employee Director who participates in the Plan is not eligible for matching contributions. 

 the Committee shall credit each Participant&#146;s Company Contribution Account with an amount that represents a
Profit Sharing Credit. The Profit Sharing Credit shall be equal in amount to the additional contribution
 if any
 which would have been allocated as a non-matching contribution to the Participant&#146;s account in the 401(k) plan in which the
Participant is eligible to participate
 if the Participant had not elected to defer
 pursuant to this Plan
 Annual Compensation that otherwise would have been paid during the plan year of the 401(k) plan which ends in the Plan Year. The Committee
shall credit the Profit Sharing Credit to the Company Contribution Account of each Participant entitled thereto as soon as administratively practicable following the end of the Plan Year. A Non-employee Director who participates in the Plan is not
3.4 At the time of making the deferral elections described in Section&nbsp;3.1 and at such other
times as are allowed by the Committee
 the Participant shall designate
 on a form provided by the Committee
 the types of investments in which the Participant&#146;s Account
 other than Restricted Stock Units deferred by RSU Participants
 will be
deemed to be invested for purposes of determining the amount of earnings to be credited to that Account. Such designations may vary by deferral source (
 salary or bonus) and by deferral Plan Year. Any Company Contributions pursuant to
Section&nbsp;3.2 and or 3.3 shall be deemed to be invested in the same investments elected by the Participant for his or her deferrals from salary for the Plan Year for which the Company Contribution is made (even though it is credited in a
subsequent Plan Year)
 or if none
 as elected by the Participant for his deferrals from bonuses for such Plan Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the investment directions in effect with respect to any Dean Foods Participant under the Dean Foods
Post-2004 Plan immediately prior to the Distribution Effective Date shall be deemed to have been made in accordance with the terms of this Plan and shall be honored in accordance with their terms
 until changed by such Participant in accordance with
the applicable provisions hereof; provided that
 such investment directions will not be continued under the Plan to the extent that they would have deemed the investment of such Dean Foods Participant&#146;s account under the Dean Foods Post-2004
Plan in a life insurance policy
 in 
 



which case a new investment direction shall be required hereunder in respect of that portion of such account. If new directions are required from a Dean Foods Participant
 and are not received by
the Company prior to the Distribution Effective Date
 the Committee shall direct the investment of the Participant&#146;s Account into the investment choice under the Plan that the Committee determines
 in its sole discretion
 to present the least
risk of the loss of principal. On a quarterly or other basis selected by the Committee
 the Committee shall credit to each Participant&#146;s Account an amount equal to the interest
 earnings or losses that would have resulted to the Account if the
3.5 If an RSU Participant elects to defer Restricted Stock
Units pursuant to Section&nbsp;3.1
 then at the time any such Restricted Stock Units become vested under the terms of the applicable award agreement
 such RSU Participant&#146;s Account shall be credited with an equal number of notional shares of
Common Stock
 each of which shall have a value as of any date equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock. Upon the payment of a regular cash dividend by the Company on issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 an amount equal to
such per share dividend amount multiplied by the number of notional shares of Common Stock credited to each RSU Participant&#146;s Account shall be credited to the RSU Participant&#146;s Account as of the dividend payment date and shall be deemed
invested in additional whole and fractional notional shares of Common Stock
 based on the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the dividend payment date. In the event of any stock split
 stock dividend
 recapitalization
 reorganization
merger
 consolidation
 combination
 exchange of shares
 liquidation
 spin-off or other similar change in capitalization or event
 or any distribution to holders of Common Stock other than a regular cash dividend
 the number of notional shares of
Common Stock credited to each Account under the Plan shall be appropriately adjusted by the Committee. The decision of the Committee regarding any such adjustment shall be final
 binding and conclusive. 

 the Company may
 in its sole discretion
 credit an amount on behalf of a particular Participant to his or her account. The
crediting of such an amount shall be evidenced by providing the Participant a notice or statement specifying the amount of the credit. Thereafter
 the amount credited to the Participant&#146;s Account shall be subject to all of the same terms and
provisions as amounts credited to the Account under Section&nbsp;3.2 of the Plan. In addition
 as of the Distribution Effective Date
 the Company shall credit to the Account of each Dean Foods Participant an amount equal to the account balance held
3.7
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article&nbsp;III
 effective August&nbsp;17
 2006
 if the transfer of assets to the Trust
 if any
 would cause amounts to be immediately taxed to the Participants as a result of the application of the provisions
of the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the &#147;PPA&#148;)
 the transfer to the Trust shall be delayed until such time as the provisions of the PPA no longer will cause adverse consequences to the Participants. 
 


 
4.1 After the
death of a Participant
 the Beneficiary of such Participant shall be entitled to the entire value of all amounts credited to such Participant&#146;s Account
 determined as of the Valuation Date coincident with or preceding the date of distribution
including any additional amount credited to such Participant&#146;s Account as a result of life insurance proceeds payable due to an investment direction made by the Participant to deem to invest a portion of the Account in insurance on the
4.2 If a Participant suffers a Disability while employed by the Company or an Affiliate (even if the official
determination of such Disability does not occur until after the end of such Participant&#146;s employment) or if a Participant who is a Non-employee Director suffers a Disability while serving in such capacity
 such Participant shall be entitled to
the entire value of all amounts credited to such Participant&#146;s Account
 determined as of the Valuation Date coincident with or immediately preceding the date of distribution. Such amount shall be payable to the Participant as soon as
4.3 After a Participant&#146;s
employment terminates or such Participant ceases to be a Non-employee Director for any reason other than death or Disability
 such Participant shall be entitled to the entire value of all amounts credited to the Account of such Participant
determined as of the Valuation Date coincident with or preceding the date of distribution
 except that the Participant shall only be entitled to the vested portion
 if any
 of his Company Contribution Account. The vested portion of a
Participant&#146;s Company Contribution Account shall be determined by applying the Participant&#146;s vesting percentage calculated pursuant to the terms of the 401(k) Plan. In addition to crediting service with Related Employers
 as that term is
defined in the 401(k) Plan
 the Company will credit service with organizations and their predecessors in which the Company owns an interest but which do not qualify as Related Employers. 

 the Plan shall distribute the Accounts of all
Participants employed by such entity or its subsidiaries impacted by such Change in Control
 in a single lump sum within 30&nbsp;days after such Change in Control. The Committee shall determine an appropriate Valuation Date to be used in connection
with the distributions to be made
 which Valuation Date shall not be more than one month prior to the date of distribution. A &#147;Change in Control&#148; means the first occurrence of any of the following events after the Distribution Effective
Date: (i)&nbsp;any person
 entity or &#147;group&#148; (as defined in Section&nbsp;13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Act&#148;))
 other than Dean Foods
 the Company
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 and any
employee benefit plan of the Company or any wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 becomes a &#147;beneficial owner&#148; (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act)
 of 30% or more of the combined voting power of the Company&#146;s then outstanding
voting securities; (ii)&nbsp;the persons who
 as of the Distribution Effective Date
 are serving as the members of the Board (the &#147;Incumbent Directors&#148;) shall cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board (or the
board of directors of any successor to the Company)
 provided that any director elected to the Board
 or nominated for election
 by at least two-thirds of the Incumbent Directors then still in office shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director for
purposes of this clause (ii); (iii)&nbsp;the Company 
 



consummates a merger or consolidation with any other corporation
 and as a result of which (A)&nbsp;persons who were shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger or consolidation
do not
 immediately thereafter
 own
 directly or indirectly and in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the stock of the Company immediately prior to the merger or consolidation
 more than 50% of the combined voting power of the
voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of (x)&nbsp;the Company or the surviving entity or (y)&nbsp;an entity that
 directly or indirectly
 owns more than 50% of the combined voting power entitled to vote generally
in the election of directors of the entity described in subclause (x)
 and (B)
 within the twelve-month period after such consummation of the merger or consolidation
 the members of the Board as of the consummation of such merger or consolidation
cease to constitute a majority of the board of directors of the Company or the surviving entity (or the entity that
 directly or indirectly
 owns more than 50% of the combined voting power entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of
the Company or such surviving entity); or (iv)&nbsp;the shareholders of the Company approve a sale
 transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
 which is consummated and immediately following which the
persons who were shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such sale
 transfer or disposition
 do not own
 directly or indirectly and in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the stock of the Company immediately prior to
the sale
 transfer or disposition
 more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of (x)&nbsp;the entity or entities to which such assets are sold or transferred or
(y)&nbsp;an entity that
 directly or indirectly
 owns more than 50% of the combined voting power entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the entities described in subclause (x). 
PAYMENT OF BENEFITS
5.1 In the case of a Participant who terminates employment with the Company or ceases to be a Non-employee Director
the amount credited to the Participant&#146;s Account (provided it is more than $25
000 or such smaller amount allowed by regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury) shall be paid to the Participant at the time and in the form
selected by the Participant in the deferral election form completed by the Participant for a Plan Year. The Participant may elect from among the following optional forms of benefit: 
(b)
(c) substantially equal annual installments over ten (10)&nbsp;years.
If an installment form of payment is elected
 then the distribution shall be deemed to be made on a pro rata basis out of all investment
options in which amounts credited to a Participant&#146;s Account are deemed to be invested. A Participant may make a separate distribution election with respect to each deferral source for each Plan Year. Notwithstanding the Participant&#146;s
distribution election
 if the amount credited to a Participant&#146;s Account is equal to or less than $25
000 (or such smaller amount allowed by regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury)
 at the time distribution of the Account is
to commence
 payment will be made in a lump sum
 and even if installment payments have commenced under this Section&nbsp;5.1
 if the value of such remaining amounts is $25
000 (or such smaller amount allowed by regulations issued by the U.S.
Department of the Treasury) as of a payment date
 all remaining amounts credited to a Participant&#146;s Account shall be distributed in a lump sum. 
 



 or in the case of installment payments
 shall commence
 as soon as
administratively practicable
 during the calendar quarter immediately following the Participant&#146;s termination of employment with the Company or termination as a member of the Board
 or
 if so elected by the Participant in the Participant&#146;s
deferral election form
 as soon as administratively practicable during the calendar year following the year in which such event occurs. If installment payments are made
 the unpaid balance of the Participant&#146;s Account shall continue to share in
the income and losses attributable thereto
 in accordance with the provisions of the Plan
 during the period for which installment payments are made. 







 such a change may be made only one time per deferral
type (i.e.
 salary or bonus); 












5.3 The payment of benefits under
the Plan shall begin at the date specified in accordance with the provisions of Sections&nbsp;5.1 and 5.2 hereof; provided that
 in case of administrative necessity
 the starting date of payment of benefits may be delayed up to thirty (30)&nbsp;days
as long as such delay does not result in the Participant&#146;s or Beneficiary&#146;s receiving the distribution in a different taxable year than if no such delay had occurred. 

distribution is to be made. If less than the total balance of such subaccount is to be distributed
 such distribution shall be charged on a pro rata basis to each investment in which such subaccount is deemed to be invested. 

 all
distributions from such Account shall paid in whole shares of Common Stock plus a cash payment in lieu of any fractional share of Common Stock
 provided that the Board may provide
 in its sole discretion
 that any such distribution instead shall be
paid entirely in cash. All amounts credited to a Participant&#146;s Account in a form other than notional shares of Common Stock shall be distributed in cash. 

 no distributions as a result of termination of employment shall be
made to a Participant before the date that is six months after the date a Participant terminates employment with the Company
 if that Participant is
 on the date of termination
 a &#147;specified employee
&#148; as defined in the regulations issued
by the U.S. Department of the Treasury under Section&nbsp;409A of the Code
 which regulations are incorporated herein by reference. 
 


 


 a Participant may make a request to the Committee for a withdrawal from the Account of such
Participant. For purposes of this Section
 the term &#147;unforeseeable emergency&#148; shall mean a severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from an illness or accident of the Participant
 the Participant&#146;s spouse
 or a dependent
(as defined in Section&nbsp;152(a) of the Code) of the Participant
 loss of the Participant&#146;s property due to casualty
 or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the
Participant. Any determination of the existence of an unforeseeable emergency and the amount to be withdrawn on account thereof shall be made by the Committee
 in its sole and absolute discretion. However
 notwithstanding the foregoing
 a withdrawal
will not be permitted to the extent that the financial hardship is or may be relieved: (i)&nbsp;through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise; (ii)&nbsp;by liquidation of the Participant&#146;s assets
 to the extent that
liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship; or (iii)&nbsp;by cessation of deferrals under this Plan. In no event shall the need to send a Participant&#146;s child to college or the desire to purchase a home be deemed
to constitute an unforeseeable emergency. No member of the Committee shall vote or decide upon any matter relating to the determination of the existence of such member&#146;s own financial hardship or the amount to be withdrawn on account thereof. A
request for a hardship withdrawal must be made in the manner prescribed by the Committee
 and must be expressed as a specific dollar amount. The amount of a hardship withdrawal may not exceed the amount required to meet the severe financial hardship
plus the amount needed to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution. All hardship withdrawals shall be paid in a lump sum in accordance with Section&nbsp;5.5. 

 a Participant can elect to receive that Plan Year&#146;s
deferrals made pursuant to Section&nbsp;3.1
 matching contributions credited pursuant to Section&nbsp;3.2
 additional credits made that Plan Year pursuant to Sections&nbsp;3.3
 3.4
 or 3.6 and earnings thereon
 at a date specified by the
Participant. Such date shall be no earlier than two (2)&nbsp;years from the last day of the Plan Year for which the deferrals and matching and other credits are made or
 in the case of Restricted Stock Units deferred by an RSU Participant
 the date
on which such Restricted Stock Units are scheduled to vest. Any withdrawal under this Section&nbsp;6.2 shall be made in a single lump sum in accordance with Section&nbsp;5.5. A Participant may delay the time for a scheduled in-service withdrawal
subject to the following limitations: 





 such a delay may be made only one time per deferral type; 






 








 if less than the total balance of the Participant&#146;s account is being
withdrawn
 then the withdrawal shall be charged to each subaccount of the Participant on a pro rata basis
 and with respect to each subaccount
 the withdrawal shall be charged on a pro rata basis to each investment in which such subaccount is deemed
to be invested. In the case of a scheduled in-service withdrawal pursuant to Section&nbsp;6.2
 such withdrawal shall be charged to the appropriate Plan Year and deferral type subaccount of the Participant
 and if the withdrawal is less than the
total amount of such subaccount
 it shall be charged on a pro rata basis to each investment in which such subaccount is deemed to be invested. 
ADMINISTRATION OF
7.1 The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The members of the Committee shall serve without bond or security for
the performance of their duties hereunder unless applicable law makes the furnishing of such bond or security mandatory or unless required by the Company. 

not vote or decide upon any matter relating solely to such member or vote in any case in which the individual right or claim of such member to any benefit under the Plan is particularly involved. If
 in any matter or case in which a person is so
disqualified to act
 the remaining persons constituting the Committee cannot resolve such matter or case
 the Board will appoint a temporary substitute to exercise all the powers of the disqualified person concerning the matter or case in which such
7.3 The Committee may designate and delegate to one or more other persons any of the Committee&#146;s
responsibilities under the Plan
 and may revoke any such delegation or designation at any time. The Committee may employ persons to render advice with regard to any of its responsibilities. All usual and reasonable expenses of the Committee shall be
paid by the Company. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each member of the Committee from and against any and all claims and expenses (including
 without limitation
 attorneys&#146; fees and related costs)
 in connection with the
performance by such member of duties in that capacity
 other than any of the foregoing arising in connection with the willful neglect or willful misconduct of the person so acting. 

 not contrary to the provisions of the Plan
 for the administration of the Plan and the
transaction of its business. The Committee shall determine the eligibility of any individual to participate in the Plan
 shall interpret the Plan in its sole and absolute discretion
 and shall determine all questions arising in the administration
interpretation and application of the Plan. All determinations of the Committee shall be conclusive and binding on all employees
 Participants and Beneficiaries. 
 



Board or by a committee thereof; provided
 however
 that by resolution
 the Board or a committee thereof may delegate to any officer of the Company the authority to take any such actions hereunder. 
CLAIMS REVIEW
8.1 In the event that a Participant or Beneficiary is denied a claim for benefits under this Plan (the
&#147;Claimant&#148;)
 the Committee shall provide to the Claimant written notice of the denial within 90&nbsp;days after the claim is filed (45&nbsp;days in the case of a Disability claim) unless an extension of time for processing the claim is
necessary because more information is needed (or
 in the case of a Disability claim
 an extension is necessary for reasons beyond the control of the Committee)
 in which case a decision will be rendered not later than 180&nbsp;days (75&nbsp;days in
the case of a Disability claim which may be further extended to 105&nbsp;days if the additional extension is necessary due to reasons beyond the control of the Committee) after the initial receipt of the claim. If such an extension of time for
processing the claim is required
 written notice of the extension and additional information that is necessary to process the claim will be furnished to the Claimant prior to the expiration of the initial 90-day (or 45-day) period and will indicate
the special circumstances requiring an extension of time for processing the claim and will indicate the date the Committee expects to render its decision. In no event will such extension exceed a period of 90&nbsp;days from the end of the initial
period. The notice shall set forth: 





















 the Participant will be notified if an internal rule
 guideline
 protocol or other similar criterion was relied on by the Committee and the Participant will be provided
with a copy of such rule
 guideline
 protocol
 or other criterion free of charge on the Participant&#146;s request. If the claim is a claim for a Disability benefit and the denial is based on a medical necessity or other similar exclusion or limit
the Participant will be provided
 free of charge at his or her request
 an explanation of how that exclusion or limit and any clinical judgments apply to the Participant&#146;s medical circumstances. 





















 






Committee&#146;s notice of denial of benefits. The Committee&#146;s notice must further advise the Claimant that failure to appeal the action to the Committee in writing within the 60-day (or 180-day) period will render the Committee&#146;s
determination final
 binding
8.2 If the Claimant should appeal to the Committee
 the Claimant
 or the duly
authorized representative of such Claimant
 may submit
 in writing
 whatever issues and comments such Claimant
 or the duly authorized representative of such Claimant
 feels are pertinent. The Committee shall re-examine all facts related to the
appeal and make a final determination as to whether the denial of benefits is justified under the circumstances. The Committee shall advise the Claimant in writing of its decision on the appeal
 the specific reasons for the decision
 and the
specific Plan provisions on which the decision is based. The notice of the decision shall be given within 60&nbsp;days (45&nbsp;days in the case of a Disability claim) of the Claimant&#146;s written request for review
 unless special circumstances
(such as a hearing) would make the rendering of a decision within the 60-day (or 45-day) period infeasible
 but in no event shall the Committee render a decision regarding the denial of a claim for benefits later than 120 days (90&nbsp;days in the
case of a Disability claim) after its receipt of a request for review. If an extension of time for review is required because of special circumstances
 written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the Claimant prior to the date the
extension period commences. The Claimant will also be entitled to receive
 on request and free of charge
 access to and copies of all documents
 records
 and other information relevant to the claim. In addition
 if the claim is a claim for a
Disability benefit
 the Participant will be notified if an internal rule
 guideline
 protocol or other similar criterion was relied on by the Committee and will be provided with a copy of such rule
 guideline
 protocol
 or other criterion free of
charge at your request. If the claim is a claim for a Disability benefit and the denial is based on a medical necessity or other similar exclusion or limit
 the Participant will be provided
 free of charge at his or her request
 an explanation of
how that exclusion or limit and any clinical judgments apply to the Participant&#146;s medical circumstances. In the case of a Disability claim
 the review on appeal must be made by a different decision-maker from the Committee and that
decision-maker cannot give procedural deference to the original decision. If the Claimant is dissatisfied with the Committee&#146;s (or other independent fiduciary&#146;s) review decision
 the Claimant has the right to file suit in a federal or
state court. 
The
establishment of this Plan shall not be construed as giving to any Participant
 employee of the Company or any person whomsoever
 any legal
 equitable or other rights against the Company
 or its officers
 directors
 agents or shareholders
 or as
giving to any Participant or Beneficiary any equity or other interest in the assets or business of the Company or shares of Company stock or as giving any employee the right to be retained in the employment of the Company. All employees of the
Company and Participants shall be subject to discharge to the same extent they would have been if this Plan had never been adopted. 
 


 



 alienation
 sale
transfer
 assignment
 pledge
 encumbrance or charge
 and any attempt to anticipate
 alienate
 sell
 transfer
 assign
 pledge
 encumber
 charge or otherwise dispose of the same shall be void. No benefit shall in any manner be subject to the debts
contracts
 liabilities
 engagements or torts of any person
 nor shall it be subject to attachment or legal process for or against any person
 except to the extent required by law. 

determined by the Committee
 on the basis of qualified medical advice
 to be incompetent
 the Committee need not require the appointment of a guardian or custodian
 but shall be authorized to cause the same to be paid over to the person having
custody of the minor or incompetent
 or to cause the same to be paid to the minor or incompetent without the intervention of a guardian or custodian
 or to cause the same to be paid to a legal guardian or custodian of the minor or incompetent
 if
one has been appointed
 or to cause the same to be used for the benefit of the minor or incompetent. 


 or either of them acting independently
 reserve the right at any time to amend or terminate the Plan in whole or
in part or to add a supplement to the Plan to provide benefits for specified Participants. No amendment shall have the effect of retroactively depriving Participants or Beneficiaries of rights already accrued under the Plan. Any amendment to the
Plan shall be executed by an officer of the Company. Upon termination of the Plan
 the Committee may
 in its sole and absolute discretion
 and notwithstanding any other provision hereunder to the contrary
 direct that all benefits hereunder will be
paid as soon as administratively practicable thereafter. 


 said illegality or invalidity shall not
affect the remaining provisions of this Plan but shall be fully severable and this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if said illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted herein. 

meaning of any of the terms and provisions of this Plan. Whenever appropriate
 words used in the singular shall include the plural or the plural may be read as the singular. 
 



hereby shall be construed and determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware
 without reference to its conflicts of law provisions
 unless superseded by federal law. 

security interest in any amounts credited hereunder on such Participant&#146;s behalf. It is the Company&#146;s intention that this Plan be construed as a plan which is unfunded and maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred
12.5 All amounts payable hereunder shall be reduced by any and all
federal
IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this amendment and restatement to be effective as of January&nbsp;1
 2014. 

















Executive Vice President
Human Resources

 













 
Subsidiaries as of
December&nbsp;31
 2013 





















































Alpro European Holdings
 Sarl




















Alpro Holdings
 BVBA






























Creamer Nation
 LLC




















Horizon Organic Dairy
 LLC






























Horizon Organic International
 Inc.






























RDH
 LLC









Reeves Street
 LLC










Silk Operating Company
 LLC






























WhiteWave European Management Holdings
 SCS





















WhiteWave European Management
 LLC










WhiteWave European Partners
 SCS
































WhiteWave International Management Holdings
 SCS




















WhiteWave International Management
 LLC









WhiteWave Receivables GP
 LLC









WhiteWave Receivables
 L.P.




















WhiteWave Services
 Inc.
































 
We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No.&nbsp;333-184642 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February&nbsp;28
 2014
 relating to the financial statements of The WhiteWave Foods Company and subsidiaries (which report
expresses an unqualified opinion on the financial statements and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to the allocations of expenses and debt from Dean Foods Company)
 and the effectiveness of The WhiteWave Foods Company and subsidiaries'
internal control over financial reporting
 appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The WhiteWave Foods Company for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. 
Denver
 Colorado 

 2014 













 
I
 Gregg L. Engles
certify that: 

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the
4. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 






 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 








February&nbsp;28
 2014 













 
I
 Kelly J. Haecker
certify that: 

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the
4. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 






 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 








February&nbsp;28
 2014 













 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 


December&nbsp;31
 2013
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Gregg L. Engles
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as
adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to my knowledge the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and the
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 







February&nbsp;28
 2014 













 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 


December&nbsp;31
 2013
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Kelly J. Haecker
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted
pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to my knowledge the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and the information
contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 







February&nbsp;28
 2014 



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  








  

  

  

  

  

  

  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  

  


  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  


  
  

  

  

  

  

  

  




  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts
 payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;234
462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;174
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payroll and
 benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;60
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;68
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued marketing and
 advertising&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current derivative
 liability (Note 12)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other accrued
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;39
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;357
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;295
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The changes
 in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;North&lt;br /&gt;
 America&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Europe&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;600
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;162
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;762
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;600
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;165
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;765
586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;600
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;172
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;772
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;There were no
 impairment charges related to goodwill during 2013
 2012
 or
 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The gross
 carrying amount and accumulated amortization of our intangible
 assets other than goodwill as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=42%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;br /&gt;
 carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;br /&gt;
 carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intangible assets with
 indefinite lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=9&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;

 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;354
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;354
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;350
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;350
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intangible assets with
 finite lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer-related and
 other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;39
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(17
826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;37
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(14
714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
930&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(962&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;394
716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(18
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;375
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;389
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;373
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;The increase in the carrying amount of intangible assets
 with indefinite lives is the result of foreign currency translation
 adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amortization
 expense on finite-lived intangible assets for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011 was $2.9 million
 $2.5
 million
 and $2.6 million
 respectively. Estimated aggregate
 finite-lived intangible asset amortization expense for the next
 five years is as follows (in millions):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=90%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Share-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;On August&amp;#xA0;7
 2012
 the Dean Foods Compensation
 Committee
 the Dean Foods board of directors
 and our board of
 directors approved the terms of our 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the
 &amp;#x201C;2012 SIP&amp;#x201D;). In connection with our initial public
 offering
 20&amp;#xA0;million shares of our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock
 were reserved for issuance under the 2012 SIP upon the exercise of
 future stock options
 restricted stock units
 or restricted stock
 that will be issued under our employee benefit plans. The purpose
 of the plan is to attract and retain non-employee directors
 executive personnel
 other key employees and consultants to
 motivate them by means of performance related incentives and to
 enable them to participate in our growth and financial success.
 Eligibility to participate in the 2012 SIP is limited to our
 employees (including officers and directors who are employees)
 non-employee directors
 and consultants
 and employees
 non-employee directors
 and consultants of our
 subsidiaries.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Share-based compensation expense is recognized ratably over
 the vesting period based on the grant date fair value. The fair
 value of option awards is estimated at the date of grant using the
 Black-Scholes valuation model. The fair value of restricted stock
 units (&amp;#x201C;RSUs&amp;#x201D;) is equal to the closing price of our
 common stock on the date of the grant. Compensation expense is
 recognized only for equity awards expected to vest. Share-based
 compensation expense is included within general and administrative
 expenses.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Pursuant to the SIP and in connection with our initial
 public offering
 the Company granted equity to certain of our
 executive officers and employees (the &amp;#x201C;IPO Grants&amp;#x201D;).
 Prior to the Distribution
 certain of the Company&amp;#x2019;s employees
 participated in share-based compensation plans sponsored by Dean
 Foods. These plans provided employees with RSUs
 options to
 purchase shares of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; common stock
 and other
 stock-based awards. Given that the Company&amp;#x2019;s employees
 directly benefit from participation in these plans
 the expense
 incurred by Dean Foods for stock and options granted specifically
 to our employees has been reflected in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of operations for years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. These amounts were based on
 the awards and terms previously granted to our employees
 but may
 not reflect the equity awards or results that we would have
 experienced or expect to experience as a stand-alone public
 company. No new grants of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; equity were made to our
 employees after completion of our initial public
 offering.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by 162 of our
 non-employee directors and employees were converted into
 equity-based awards with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock.
 These Dean Foods equity-based awards included Dean Foods stock
 options (whether vested or unvested)
 unvested RSUs and unvested
 Dean Foods restricted stock awards held by our non-employee
 directors on the date of the Distribution. The options to purchase
 Dean Foods common stock held by our directors and employees were
 converted to options to purchase our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock in a
 manner that preserved the life and aggregate intrinsic value in the
 converted stock option and continued the same proportionate
 relationship between the exercise price and the value of our
 Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock as existed with respect to the Dean Foods
 common stock immediately prior to the Distribution. The adjustment
 was effected based on a formula using the volume weighted average
 price of Dean Foods common stock and our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock
 during the five trading day period ended on the second trading day
 preceding the Distribution. The unvested Dean Foods RSUs held by
 our directors and employees were converted to WhiteWave RSUs in a
 manner that
 on a unit-by-unit basis
 preserved the life and
 intrinsic value of each outstanding Dean Foods RSU (determined
 using the same volume weighted average values as described above).
 The unvested Dean Foods phantom shares held by our employees were
 converted to WhiteWave phantom shares in a manner that
 on a
 unit-by-unit basis
 preserved the life and intrinsic value of each
 outstanding Dean Foods phantom share (determined using the same
 volume weighted average values as described above). Dean Foods
 restricted stock awards held by our directors on the date of the
 Distribution were converted into restricted stock awards with
 respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock by (i)&amp;#xA0;applying the
 same volume weighted average values as described above and
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;subtracting any shares of our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock
 and Class B common stock received by our directors in the
 Distribution in respect of such Dean Foods restricted stock awards.
 We did not recognize any incremental expense in connection with the
 conversion of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; equity-based awards into WhiteWave
 awards as all other terms remained the same. See Note 13
 &amp;#x201C;Share-Based Compensation.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.
 Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Our business
 is organized into two operating and reportable segments
 North
 America and Europe
 based on our go-to-markets strategies
 customer
 bases
 and the objectives of our businesses. Our segments align
 with how our chief operating decision maker
 our CEO
 monitors
 operating performance
 allocates resources
 and deploys
 capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The North
 America segment offers products in the plant-based foods and
 beverages
 coffee creamers and beverages
 and premium dairy product
 categories throughout North America
 and our Europe segment offers
 plant-based food and beverage products throughout Europe. We sell
 our products to a variety of customers
 including grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 club stores
 and convenience stores
 as well as
 various away-from-home channels
 including foodservice outlets
 across North America and Europe. We sell our products in North
 America and Europe primarily through our direct sales force and
 independent brokers. We utilize six manufacturing plants
 three
 distribution centers
 and three strategic co-packers across the
 United States. Additionally
 we have three plants across Europe in
 the United Kingdom
 Belgium and France
 each supported by an
 integrated supply chain. We also utilize a limited number of
 third-party co-packers across Europe for more specialized
 low-volume products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;We evaluate
 the performance of our segments based on sales and operating income
 or loss before gains and losses on the sale of businesses
 write
 downs related to the wind down of our joint venture
 foreign
 exchange gains and losses
 and income tax. The amounts in the
 following tables are obtained from reports used by our chief
 operating decision maker. There are no significant non-cash items
 reported in segment profit or loss other than depreciation and
 amortization.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The reporting
 segments do not include the costs allocated to us by Dean Foods for
 certain corporate and shared service functions. In addition
 the
 expense related to share-based compensation has not been allocated
 to our segments and is reflected entirely within the caption
 &amp;#x201C;Corporate and other&amp;#x201D;. Related party license income
 further described in Note 18 &amp;#x201C;Related Party
 Transactions
&amp;#x201D; has also been excluded. Therefore
 the measure
 of segment profit or loss presented below is before such
 items.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table presents the summarized income statement amounts by
 segment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total net
 sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
123
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
921
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
657
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;418
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;367
994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;368
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
542
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
289
438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
025
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Operating
 income:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;215
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;178
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;137
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total reportable segment
 operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;236
034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;202
695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;165
680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Related party license
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;36
034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate and
 other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(78
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(58
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(32
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total operating
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;157
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;180
253&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;175
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other expense:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
924&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other (income) expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations before tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;143
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;169
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;166
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Depreciation and
 amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;59
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;54
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;47
826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;81
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;74
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;67
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 tables present sales amounts by product categories:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total net
 sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plant-based food and
 beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;627
716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;549
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;452
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Coffee creamers and
 beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;913
517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;818
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;692
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Premium dairy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;582
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;552
837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;512
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America net
 sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
123
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
921
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
657
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plant-based food and
 beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;418
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;367
994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;368
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total net
 sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
542
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
289
438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
025
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 tables present assets
 long-lived assets
 and capital expenditures
 by segment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
588
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
549
030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
476
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;563
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;577
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;594
382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;132
054&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;41
382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;34
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Assets held for
 sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
283
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
168
011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
108
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Long-lived
 Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
353
037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
323
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
291
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;446
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;444
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;443
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
826
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
785
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
734
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=12&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended December
 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Capital
 expenditures:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;128
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;92
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;113
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
869&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;155
478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;104
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;126
755&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Significant Customers&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company had a single customer that represented 17.5%
 18.0%
 and 17.0% of our consolidated net sales in 2013
 2012
 and
 2011
 respectively. Sales to this customer were primarily included
 in our North America segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.
 Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Lease
 and Purchase Obligations&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We lease certain property
 plant
 and equipment used in our
 operations under both capital and operating lease agreements. Such
 leases
 which are primarily for office space
 machinery
 and
 equipment
 have lease terms ranging from one to 10 years. We did
 not have any material capital lease obligations as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012. Rent expense was $15.6 million
 $8.0 million
 and $8.5 million for 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Future minimum payments at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 under
 non-cancelable operating leases with terms in excess of one year
 are summarized below:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total minimum lease
 payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;69
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We have entered into various contracts
 in the normal
 course of business
 obligating us to purchase minimum quantities of
 raw materials used in our production and distribution processes
 including soybeans and organic raw milk. We enter into these
 contracts from time to time to ensure a sufficient supply of raw
 materials. In addition
 we have contractual obligations to purchase
 various services that are part of our production
 process.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Litigation
 Investigations
 and Audits&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The Company is involved in various litigation
 investigations
 and audit proceedings in the normal course of
 business. It is management&amp;#x2019;s opinion
 after consultation with
 counsel and a review of the facts
 a material adverse effect on the
 financial position
 liquidity
 results of operations
 or cash flows
 of the Company is not probable or reasonably
 possible.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Employee
 Benefit Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Prior to the Distribution
 we participated in Dean
 Foods&amp;#x2019; consolidated defined contribution plan and contributed
 to a multiemployer pension plan on behalf of some of our employees.
 Effective upon the Distribution
 the Company implemented its own
 substantially similar employee benefit plans and our employees are
 no longer eligible to participate in Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; plans. We
 also have four separate
 stand-alone defined benefit pension plans
 as a result of the acquisition of Alpro on July&amp;#xA0;2
 2009
 and
 we contribute to one multiemployer pension plan on behalf of
 certain of our North America employees.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of
 defined benefit pension plans as an asset or liability on our
 consolidated balance sheets and recognize changes in the funded
 status in the year in which changes occur
 through accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss). The funded status is measured as
 the difference between the fair value of plan assets and benefit
 obligation (the projected benefit obligation for pension plans).
 Actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs and credits that
 have not been recognized as a component of net periodic benefit
 cost previously are recorded as a component of accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss). Plan assets and obligations are
 measured as of December&amp;#xA0;31 of each year. See Note 15
 &amp;#x201C;Employee Retirement Plans.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 derivatives recorded
 at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets were as
 follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivative
 assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivative
 liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivatives designated
 as Hedging Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 contracts&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Commodities
 contracts&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivatives not
 designated as Hedging Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap
 contracts&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap
 contracts&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;noncurrent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;48
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total
 derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45
556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Derivative assets and liabilities that have settlement dates
 equal to or less than 12 months from the respective balance sheet
 date were included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and
 accounts payable and accrued expenses
 respectively
 in our
 consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Derivative liabilities that have settlement dates greater than
 12 months from the respective balance sheet date were included in
 other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance
 sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss comprises net income plus all other
 changes in equity from non-owner sources. The changes in
 accumulated other comprehensive loss by component for the year-
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 were as follows (net of
 tax):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivative&lt;br /&gt;
 instruments&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Defined&amp;#xA0;benefit&lt;br /&gt;
 plans&amp;#xA0;adjustment&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cumulative&lt;br /&gt;
 translation&lt;br /&gt;
 adjustment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
818&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
576&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(27
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other comprehensive
 income before reclassifications&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amounts reclassified from
 accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other comprehensive
 income/(loss)
 net of taxes of $796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(8
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;The accumulated other comprehensive loss reclassification
 components affect cost of sales. See Note 12 &amp;#x201C;Derivative
 Financial Instruments.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;The accumulated other comprehensive loss reclassification
 components are related to amortization of unrecognized actuarial
 losses and prior service costs which are both included in the
 computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 15
 &amp;#x201C;Employee Retirement Plans.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In accordance with accounting standards related to goodwill
 and other intangibles assets
 we do not amortize goodwill and other
 intangible assets determined to have indefinite useful lives.
 Instead
 we conduct impairment tests on our goodwill and
 indefinite-lived trademarks annually in the fourth quarter and on
 an interim basis when circumstances indicate that the carrying
 value may not be recoverable. Our reporting units are based on our
 operating segments.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;A qualitative assessment of goodwill was performed in 2013
 and 2012. We assessed economic conditions and industry and market
 considerations
 in addition to the overall financial performance of
 each of our reporting units. Based on the results of our
 assessment
 we determined that it was not more likely than not that
 any of our reporting units had a carrying value in excess of its
 fair value. Accordingly
 no further goodwill impairment testing was
 completed. We did not recognize any impairment charges related to
 goodwill during 2013
 2012
 or 2011.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;A qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangibles
 was performed during 2013. In 2012
 a quantitative assessment of
 indefinite-lived intangibles was performed. We assessed economic
 conditions and industry and market considerations
 in addition to
 the overall financial performance of each trade name. Based on the
 results of our assessment
 we determined that it was not more
 likely than not that any of our trade names had a carrying value in
 excess of its fair value. Accordingly
 no further indefinite-lived
 intangibles impairment testing was completed. We did not recognize
 any impairment charges related to indefinite-lived intangibles
 during 2013
 2012
 or 2011.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Long-lived assets
 including property
 plant
 and equipment
 and definite-lived intangible assets
 are reviewed for impairment
 whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
 carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any
 goodwill impairment test. Recoverability of assets to be held and
 used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset
 to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If
 the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash
 flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which
 the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the
 asset. There were no indicators of impairment
 apart from our asset
 exit and disposal activities recorded in 2013
 of long-lived assets
 identified in 2012 or 2011. See Note 3 &amp;#x201C;Asset Disposal and
 Exit Costs.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 tables present assets
 long-lived assets
 and capital expenditures
 by segment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
588
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
549
030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
476
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;563
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;577
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;594
382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;132
054&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;41
382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;34
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Assets held for
 sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
283
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
168
011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
108
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Long-lived
 Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
353
037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
323
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
291
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;446
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;444
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;443
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
826
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
785
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
734
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=12&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended December
 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Capital
 expenditures:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;128
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;92
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;113
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
869&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;155
478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;104
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;126
755&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;49
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;295
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;285
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Machinery and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;696
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;644
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Leasehold
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Construction in
 progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;59
584&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;29
472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
100
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
017
926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(440
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(393
284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;659
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;624
642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Estimated
 aggregate finite-lived intangible asset amortization expense for
 the next five years is as follows (in millions):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=90%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table present a summary of the fair values of
 category by inputs as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 were as
 follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other
 Investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Insurance
 Contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The fair values by category of inputs as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 were as follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other
 Investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Insurance
 Contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Components of net
 periodic benefit cost:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Unrecognized net
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net periodic benefit
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A
 reconciliation of the change in the fair value measurement of the
 defined benefit plans&amp;#x2019; consolidated assets using significant
 unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;br /&gt;
 Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actual return on plan
 assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Relating to instruments
 still held at reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Purchases
 sales and
 settlements (net)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actual return on plan
 assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Relating to instruments
 still held at reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Purchases
 sales and
 settlements (net)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;49
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;295
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;285
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Machinery and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;696
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;644
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Leasehold
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Construction in
 progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;59
584&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;29
472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
100
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
017
926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(440
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(393
284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;659
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;624
642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Depreciation
 expense was $79.0 million
 $71.8 million
 and $65.4 million in
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;For 2013 and
 2012
 we capitalized $0.8 million and $0.5 million
 respectively
 in interest related to borrowings during the actual construction
 period of major capital projects
 which is included as part of the
 cost of the related asset.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping
 and Handling Fees&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Our shipping and handling costs are included in both cost
 of sales and selling and distribution expense
 depending on the
 nature of such costs. In cost of sales
 we include inventory
 warehouse costs and product loading and handling costs at
 Company-owned facilities. Costs associated with shipping products
 to customers through third-party carriers and third-party inventory
 warehouse costs are included in selling and distribution expense
 and totaled $247.5 million
 $214.1 million
 and $171.9 million in
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Future
 minimum payments at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 under non-cancelable
 operating leases with terms in excess of one year are summarized
 below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total minimum lease
 payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;69
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Liabilities
 recorded and the changes therein for year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Costs&lt;br /&gt;
 incurred&amp;#xA0;and&lt;br /&gt;
 charged to&lt;br /&gt;
 expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Costs&amp;#xA0;paid&amp;#xA0;or&lt;br /&gt;
 otherwise&lt;br /&gt;
 settled&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Lease
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Severance and related
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table presents the summarized income statement amounts by
 segment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total net
 sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
123
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
921
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
657
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;418
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;367
994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;368
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
542
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
289
438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
025
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Operating
 income:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;215
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;178
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;137
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total reportable segment
 operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;236
034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;202
695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;165
680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Related party license
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;36
034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate and
 other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(78
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(58
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(32
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total operating
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;157
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;180
253&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;175
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other expense:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
924&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other (income) expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations before tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;143
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;169
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;166
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Depreciation and
 amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;59
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;54
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;47
826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;81
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;74
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;67
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table presents a summary of the recurring
 fair value measurements as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash equivalent money
 market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$11
617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table presents a summary of the recurring
 fair value measurement as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash equivalent money
 market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$13
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 6px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts
 of the Company and our wholly-owned subsidiaries and reflect the
 elimination of all intercompany accounts and transactions. Our
 former investment in a variable interest entity of which we were
 the primary beneficiary is also consolidated. We reflected the
 remaining portion of the variable interest entity that is not
 wholly-owned as non-controlling interest related to our Hero Group
 (&amp;#x201C;Hero&amp;#x201D;) joint venture.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;All sales and financing transactions with Dean Foods and
 its subsidiaries are considered to be settled for cash in the
 consolidated statement of cash flows at the time the transaction is
 recorded for periods prior to completion of our initial public
 offering. All transactions and balances between us and other
 wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods are reported in the
 consolidated financial statements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;a id=fin630925_28 name=fin630925_28&gt;&lt;/a&gt;21. Quarterly Results of
 Operations (unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 is a summary of our unaudited quarterly results of operations for
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands
&amp;#xA0;except&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;608
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;615
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;638
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;679
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;218
543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;224
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;226
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;238
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Earnings per common

 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per
 common share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;552
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;554
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;574
853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;608
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;192
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;195
151&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;204
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;211
715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;29
711&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Earnings per common

 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per
 common share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 164px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Earnings per common share calculations for each of the
 quarters were based on the basic and diluted weighted average
 number of shares outstanding for each quarter. The sum of the
 quarters may not necessarily be equal to the full year earnings per
 common share amount.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Includes a non-cash write-down of assets in the amount of
 $7.4 million ($4.5 million net of tax) related to the sale of the
 Idaho dairy farm.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Includes an additional $3.7 million ($2.3 million net of
 tax) non-cash write-down of assets and $3.3 million ($2.0 million
 net of tax) charge related to lease liabilities
 severance and
 related cost for the sale of the Idaho dairy farm
 as well as
 a
 write-down of $9.8&amp;#xA0;million related to the plan to sell the
 operations of SoFine.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The scheduled maturities of long-term debt at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 were as follows (in
 thousands):&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=36%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Term&amp;#xA0;Loan&amp;#xA0;A-1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Term&amp;#xA0;Loan&amp;#xA0;A-2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revolving&amp;#xA0;Credit&amp;#xA0;Facility&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;190
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;187
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;180
150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;177
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;235
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;235
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total outstanding
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;662
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;237
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;247
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;177
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
 &lt;p&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The
 scheduled maturities of long-term debt at January&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=34%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Term&amp;#xA0;Loan&amp;#xA0;A-1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Term&amp;#xA0;Loan&amp;#xA0;A-2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Term&amp;#xA0;Loan&amp;#xA0;A-3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revolving&amp;#xA0;Credit&amp;#xA0;Facility&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;195
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;187
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;299
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;291
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;710
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;235
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;475
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total outstanding
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
276
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;237
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;247
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;291
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.
 Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories
 consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Raw materials and
 supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;67
956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;71
548&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;90
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;75
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;158
569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;146
647&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes the terms of the interest
 rate swap agreements as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=35%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=29%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=28%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 68pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fixed
 Interest Rates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 54pt align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expiration Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 59pt align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Notional Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.75% to 3.19%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;March 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$650
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.
 Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts
 payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;234
462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;174
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payroll and
 benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;60
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;68
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued marketing and
 advertising&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current derivative
 liability (Note 12)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other accrued
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;39
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;357
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;295
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table reconciles the numerators and denominators used in the
 computations of both basic and diluted earnings per
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except
 share and per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per share
 computation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations attributable to The WhiteWave Foods Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;99
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;112
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;114
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Average common
 shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;173
120
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;153
770
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;150
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per share
 from continuing operations attributable to The WhiteWave Foods
 Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per
 share from discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per share
 from net income attributable to The WhiteWave Foods
 Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per
 share computation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations attributable to The WhiteWave Foods Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;99
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;112
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;114
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Average common
 shares&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;173
120
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;153
770
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;150
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Stock option
 conversion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;820
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Stock
 units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;640
036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Average common
 shares&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;174
581
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;153
770
497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;150
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per share
 from continuing operations attributable to The WhiteWave Foods
 Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per
 share from discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per share
 from net income attributable to The WhiteWave Foods
 Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;4
045
309 and 2
445
327 anti-dilutive options were
 excluded from the calculation for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;10 and 666
999 anti-dilutive RSUs were excluded from the
 calculation for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories
 consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Raw materials and
 supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;67
956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;71
548&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;90
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;75
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;158
569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;146
647&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Estimated
 pension plan benefit payments to our participants for the next ten
 years are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Next five
 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 is a summary of our unaudited quarterly results of operations for
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands
&amp;#xA0;except&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;608
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;615
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;638
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;679
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;218
543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;224
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;226
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;238
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Earnings per common

 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per
 common share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;552
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;554
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;574
853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;608
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;192
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;195
151&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;204
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;211
715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;29
711&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Earnings per common

 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per
 common share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 164px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Earnings per common share calculations for each of the
 quarters were based on the basic and diluted weighted average
 number of shares outstanding for each quarter. The sum of the
 quarters may not necessarily be equal to the full year earnings per
 common share amount.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Includes a non-cash write-down of assets in the amount of
 $7.4 million ($4.5 million net of tax) related to the sale of the
 Idaho dairy farm.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Includes an additional $3.7 million ($2.3 million net of
 tax) non-cash write-down of assets and $3.3 million ($2.0 million
 net of tax) charge related to lease liabilities
 severance and
 related cost for the sale of the Idaho dairy farm
 as well as
 a
 write-down of $9.8&amp;#xA0;million related to the plan to sell the
 operations of SoFine.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;11. Debt
 and Allocated Portion of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;br /&gt;
 outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest&lt;br /&gt;
 rate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;br /&gt;
 outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;rate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except
 percentages)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Senior secured credit
 facilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;662
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%*&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;780
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%*&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less current
 portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total long-term
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;647
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;765
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Represents a weighted average rate
 including applicable
 interest rate margins
 for the senior secured revolving credit
 facility
 Term Loan A-1
 and Term Loan A-2.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Senior
 Secured Credit Facilities&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On October&amp;#xA0;12
 2012
 we entered into a credit agreement
 among us
 the subsidiary guarantors listed therein
 Bank of
 America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as syndication agent
 and the other lenders party thereto. The
 Credit Agreement governs our senior secured credit facilities
 consisting of a five-year revolving credit facility in a principal
 amount of $850 million
 an original five-year $250 million term
 loan A-1
 and an original seven-year $250 million term loan A-2. We
 capitalized $12.4 million of deferred financing fees
 which are
 being amortized over the term of the respective credit or term loan
 facility. Deferred financing fees are included in identifiable
 intangible and other assets in our consolidated balance
 sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The senior secured credit facilities are secured by security
 interests and liens on substantially all of our assets and the
 assets of our domestic subsidiaries. The senior secured credit
 facilities are guaranteed by our material domestic subsidiaries.
 Borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities currently
 bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.50%&amp;#xA0;per annum or
 in
 the case of the $250 million term loan A-2 facility
 LIBOR plus
 1.75%&amp;#xA0;per annum. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 we were in
 compliance with all debt covenants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 we had outstanding borrowings of
 $662.7 million under our $1.35 billion senior secured credit
 facilities
 of which $485.0 million consists of term loan
 borrowings and $177.7 million consists of borrowing under the $850
 million revolving portion of our senior secured credit facilities.
 Our outstanding line of credit balance was $4.8 million. We had
 additional borrowing capacity of $667.5 million under our senior
 secured credit facilities
 which amount will vary over time
 depending on our financial covenants and operating
 performance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The scheduled maturities of long-term debt at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=36%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Term&amp;#xA0;Loan&amp;#xA0;A-1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Term&amp;#xA0;Loan&amp;#xA0;A-2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revolving&amp;#xA0;Credit&amp;#xA0;Facility&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;190
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;187
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;180
150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;177
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;235
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;235
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total outstanding
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;662
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;237
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;247
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;177
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In conjunction with the January&amp;#xA0;2
 2014 acquisition of
 Earthbound Farm
 see Note 20 &amp;#x201C;Subsequent Events&amp;#x201D;
 under
 the terms of the Credit Agreement
 we entered into an Incremental
 Term Loan Agreement to establish a new incremental seven-year term
 loan A-3 facility in an aggregate principal amount of $500.0
 million (the &amp;#x201C;Incremental Term Loan Agreement&amp;#x201D;) that
 currently bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 2.00%&amp;#xA0;per
 annum. We capitalized $3.3 million of deferred financing fees
 which are being amortized over the term of the term loan facility.
 Deferred financing fees are included in identifiable intangible and
 other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. We also amended
 the Credit Agreement on January&amp;#xA0;2
 2014
 in order to
 among
 other things
 reset an accordion feature that allows for our senior
 secured credit facilities to be increased by up to $500 million and
 increase the limit of swing line loans to $85 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;As of January&amp;#xA0;2
 2014
 the terms of the senior secured
 credit facilities include the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;allows up to $75 million of letters of credit and up to
 $85 million of swing line loans under the revolving credit
 facility;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;maturity on October&amp;#xA0;31
 2017 for the term loan A-1
 and revolving credit facility
 October&amp;#xA0;31
 2019 for the term
 loan A-2 facility and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2021 for the term loan
 A-3;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;required amortization repayment in quarterly installments
 of the following amounts on the $250&amp;#xA0;million term loan A-1
 facility: $12.5 million in 2014
 $18.75 million in 2015 and 2016
 and $25.0&amp;#xA0;million in 2017 with the balance at maturity
 in the
 case of the $250 million term loan A-2 facility
 $2.5 million in
 2014 through 2019 with the balance at maturity
 and in the case of
 the $500 million term loan A-3 facility
 $5.0 million in 2014
 through 2020 with the balance at maturity;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;an accordion feature allowing
 under certain
 circumstances
 the maximum principal amount of the senior secured
 credit facilities to be increased by up to $500 million
 subject to
 lender commitments;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;mandatory prepayments in the event of certain asset sales
 and receipt of insurance proceeds;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;customary representations and warranties that are made
 upon each borrowing under the senior secured credit
 facilities;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;customary affirmative and negative covenants for
 agreements of this type
 including delivery of financial and other
 information
 compliance with laws
 further assurances
 and
 limitations with respect to indebtedness
 liens
 fundamental
 changes
 restrictive agreements
 dispositions of assets
 acquisitions and other investments
 sale leaseback transactions
 conduct of business
 transactions with affiliates
 and restricted
 payments; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;financial covenants pertaining to (a)&amp;#xA0;a maximum
 consolidated net leverage ratio initially set at 4.25 to 1.00 and
 stepping down to 4.00 to 1.00 beginning March&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and
 then to 3.75 to 1.00 beginning March&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and thereafter
 (subject to our right to increase such ratio by 0.50 to 1.00
 but
 not to exceed 4.50 to 1.00
 for the next four fiscal quarters
 following any permitted acquisition for which the purchase
 consideration equals or exceeds $50 million and results in a pro
 forma net leverage ratio that is within 0.25 to 1.00 of the
 covenant then in effect) and (b)&amp;#xA0;a minimum consolidated
 interest coverage ratio set at 3.00 to 1.00.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The acquisition of Earthbound Farm was partially funded by
 approximately $615 million in new borrowings under the senior
 secured credit facilities
 including the $500 million incremental
 term loan A-3 facility. The incremental term loan agreement
 increases the amount of our senior secured credit facilities
 commitments to a current aggregate of $1.84 billion. After giving
 effect to the acquisition
 the outstanding principal amount of
 borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities is
 approximately $1.28 billion. The scheduled maturities of long-term
 debt at January&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 were as follows (in
 thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=34%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Term&amp;#xA0;Loan&amp;#xA0;A-1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Term&amp;#xA0;Loan&amp;#xA0;A-2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Term&amp;#xA0;Loan&amp;#xA0;A-3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revolving&amp;#xA0;Credit&amp;#xA0;Facility&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;195
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;187
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;299
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;291
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;710
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;235
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;475
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total outstanding
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
276
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;237
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;247
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;291
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Receivables-Backed Facility&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In 2004
 we began participating in Dean Foods&amp;#x2019;
 receivables-backed facility. We sold certain of our accounts
 receivable to a wholly-owned entity that is intended to be
 bankruptcy-remote. The entity transferred the receivables to
 third-party asset-backed commercial paper conduits sponsored by
 major financial institutions. The securitization was treated as
 borrowing for accounting purposes. We were the beneficiary and
 obligor for all borrowings and repayments under our portion of the
 Dean Foods facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During 2012
 we borrowed $150.7 million and subsequently repaid
 $166.7 million under the facility. In connection with our initial
 public offering
 effective September&amp;#xA0;1
 2012
 we are no longer
 a participant in the Dean Foods receivables securitization program.
 Receivables sold by us to the entity on or prior to August&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 will continue to be collected by Dean Foods; however
 any
 receivables generated by us subsequent to September&amp;#xA0;1
 2012
 were not sold into the receivables securitization
 program.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Alpro
 Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In 2011 and 2012
 Alpro maintained a revolving credit facility
 not to exceed &amp;#x20AC;1&amp;#xA0;million ($1.4 million) (or its currency
 equivalent). On December&amp;#xA0;9
 2013
 we increased the facility to
 an amount not to exceed &amp;#x20AC;10&amp;#xA0;million ($13.7 million) (or
 its currency equivalent). The facility is unsecured and is
 guaranteed by various Alpro subsidiaries. The subsidiary revolving
 credit facility is available for working capital and other general
 corporate purposes of Alpro and for the issuance of up to
 &amp;#x20AC;10&amp;#xA0;million ($13.7 million) (or its currency equivalent)
 letters of credit. At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 there were no outstanding borrowings under this facility.
 Principal payments
 if any
 are due under the subsidiary revolving
 credit facility upon maturity on December&amp;#xA0;9
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Allocated Portion of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; Debt (Senior
 Secured Credit Facility)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On July&amp;#xA0;2
 2009
 we were allocated $440.3 million from the
 Dean Foods senior secured credit facility to fund our acquisition
 of Alpro. Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 interest expense had been allocated based on the historical
 interest rates of the Dean Foods senior secured credit facility and
 totaled $9.9&amp;#xA0;million
 and $13.2 million in 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Debt issuance costs were allocated in the same
 proportion as debt and recorded as a non-current asset included in
 our consolidated balance sheets. Upon completion of our initial
 public offering
 the principal balances associated with this
 allocated portion of the Dean Foods senior secured credit facility
 were settled as a contribution to our capital from Dean Foods. Our
 guarantee of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; senior secured credit facility also
 terminated upon completion of our initial public offering. See Note
 18 &amp;#x201C;Related Party
 Transactions&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Guarantees.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Our
 products are valued using the first-in
 first-out method. The costs
 of finished goods inventories include raw materials
 direct labor
 indirect production
 and overhead costs. Reserves for obsolete or
 excess inventory are not material.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost
 plus
 capitalized interest on borrowings during the actual construction
 period of major capital projects. Expenditures for repairs and
 maintenance that do not improve or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the
 straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 as follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Computer
 software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 8 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Leasehold
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Over&amp;#xA0;the&amp;#xA0;shorter&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;the&amp;#xA0;term&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;the
 applicable&amp;#xA0;lease&amp;#xA0;agreement&amp;#xA0;or&amp;#xA0;useful&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and
 Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 cash is comprised of
 cash held in bank accounts. We consider temporary investments with
 an original maturity of three months or less to be cash
 equivalents.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending gross unrecognized
 tax benefits
 recorded in our consolidated balance
 sheets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 January&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;39
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increases in tax
 positions for current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increases in tax
 positions for prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Decreases in tax
 positions for prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(28
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Settlement of tax
 matters&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Lapse of applicable
 statutes of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 December&amp;#xA0;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes the share-based compensation
 expense recognized for the Company&amp;#x2019;s direct participants in
 the Dean Foods equity classified plans
 as well as expense related
 to the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity classified plans
 in periods after
 the completion of our initial public offering:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Share-based compensation
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dean Foods stock
 options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dean Foods RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dean Foods phantom
 shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dean Foods CPUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;WhiteWave stock
 options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;WhiteWave RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;WhiteWave phantom
 shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;WhiteWave SARs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total share-based
 compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The changes
 in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;North&lt;br /&gt;
 America&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Europe&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;600
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;162
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;762
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;600
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;165
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;765
586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;600
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;172
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;772
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Goodwill
 and Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets have
 resulted from acquisitions. Upon acquisition
 the purchase price is
 first allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities
 including
 customer-related intangible assets and trademarks
 with any
 remaining purchase price recorded as goodwill. Goodwill and
 trademarks with indefinite lives are not amortized.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;A trademark is determined to have an indefinite life if it
 has a history of strong sales and cash flow performance that we
 expect to continue for the foreseeable future. If these perpetual
 trademark criteria are not met
 the trademarks are amortized over
 their expected useful lives. Determining the expected life of a
 trademark is based on a number of factors including the competitive
 environment
 trademark history
 and anticipated future trademark
 support.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Identifiable intangible assets
 other than indefinite-lived
 trademarks
 are typically amortized over the following range of
 estimated useful lives:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer lists and
 relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;15&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Finite-lived
 trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5&amp;#xA0;to 15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss comprises net income plus all other
 changes in equity from non-owner sources. The changes in
 accumulated other comprehensive loss by component for the year-
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 were as follows (net of
 tax):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivative&lt;br /&gt;
 instruments&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Defined&amp;#xA0;benefit&lt;br /&gt;
 plans&amp;#xA0;adjustment&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cumulative&lt;br /&gt;
 translation&lt;br /&gt;
 adjustment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
818&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
576&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(27
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other comprehensive
 income before reclassifications&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amounts reclassified from
 accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other comprehensive
 income/(loss)
 net of taxes of $796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(8
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;The accumulated other comprehensive loss reclassification
 components affect cost of sales. See Note 12 &amp;#x201C;Derivative
 Financial Instruments.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;The accumulated other comprehensive loss reclassification
 components are related to amortization of unrecognized actuarial
 losses and prior service costs which are both included in the
 computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 15
 &amp;#x201C;Employee Retirement Plans.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em&gt;12. Derivative
 Financial Instruments and Fair Value
 Measurement&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 6px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Interest
 Rates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In connection with our initial public offering
 on
 October&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 Dean Foods novated to us certain of its
 interest rate swaps (the &amp;#x201C;2017 swaps&amp;#x201D;) with a notional
 value of $650 million and a maturity date of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2017.
 We are now the sole counterparty to the financial institutions
 under these swap agreements and are directly responsible for any
 required future settlements
 and the sole beneficiary of any future
 receipts of funds
 pursuant to their terms. We are subject to
 market risk with respect to changes in the underlying benchmark
 interest rate that impact the fair value of the interest rate
 swaps.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes the terms of the interest
 rate swap agreements as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=35%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=29%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=28%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 68pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fixed
 Interest Rates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 54pt align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expiration Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 59pt align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Notional Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.75% to 3.19%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;March 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$650
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We have not designated such contracts as hedging
 instruments; therefore
 the interest rate swap agreements are
 marked to market at the end of each reporting period and a
 derivative asset or liability is recorded on our consolidated
 balance sheet. Gains on these contracts were $3.4 million for the
 year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and losses on these contracts
 were $1.2 million for the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012. Gains
 and losses are recorded in other (income) expense in our
 consolidated statements of operations. A summary of these open swap
 agreements recorded at fair value in our consolidated balance
 sheets at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 is included in the table
 below.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Credit risk under these arrangements is believed to be
 remote as the counterparties to the interest rate swap agreements
 are major financial institutions; however
 if any of the
 counterparties to the swap agreements become unable to fulfill
 their obligation
 we may lose the financial benefits of these
 arrangements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Commodities&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We are exposed to commodity price fluctuations
 including
 for organic and conventional milk
 butterfat
 almonds
 organic and
 non-genetically modified (&amp;#x201C;non-GMO&amp;#x201D;) soybeans
 sweeteners
 and other commodity costs used in the manufacturing
 packaging
 and distribution of our products
 including utilities
 natural gas
 resin
 and diesel fuel. To secure adequate supplies of
 materials and bring greater stability to the cost of ingredients
 and their related manufacturing
 packaging
 and distribution
 we
 routinely enter into forward purchase contracts and other purchase
 arrangements with suppliers. Under the forward purchase contracts
 we commit to purchasing agreed-upon quantities of ingredients and
 commodities at agreed-upon prices at specified future dates. The
 outstanding purchase commitment for these commodities at any point
 in time typically ranges from one month&amp;#x2019;s to one year&amp;#x2019;s
 anticipated requirements
 depending on the ingredient or commodity
 but can be longer in limited cases. These contracts are considered
 normal purchases.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In addition to entering into forward purchase contracts
 from time to time we may purchase over-the-counter contracts from
 our qualified financial institutions for commodities associated
 with the production and distribution of our products. Certain of
 the contracts offset the risk of increases in our commodity costs
 and are designated as cash flow hedges when appropriate. These
 contracts are recorded as an asset or liability in our consolidated
 balance sheets at fair value
 with an offset to accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss) to the extent the hedge is effective.
 Derivative gains and losses included in other comprehensive income
 are reclassified into earnings as the underlying transaction
 occurs. Any ineffectiveness in our commodity hedges is recorded as
 an adjustment to distribution expense or cost of sales
 depending
 on commodity type
 in our consolidated statements of operations.
 There was no material hedge ineffectiveness related to our
 commodities contracts designated as hedging instruments during the
 years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012. A summary of our open
 commodities contracts recorded at fair value in our consolidated
 balance sheets at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 is included in
 the table below.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Although we may utilize forward purchase contracts and
 other instruments to mitigate the risks related to commodity price
 fluctuation
 such strategies do not fully mitigate commodity price
 risk. Adverse movements in commodity prices over the terms of the
 contracts or instruments could decrease the economic benefits we
 derive from these strategies.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Foreign
 Currency&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Our international operations represented approximately 24%
 and 16% of our long-lived assets and net sales
 respectively
 as of
 and for the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013. Sales in foreign
 countries
 as well as certain expenses related to those sales
 are
 transacted in currencies other than our reporting currency
 the
 U.S. Dollar. Our foreign currency exchange rate risk is primarily
 limited to the Euro and the British Pound. We may
 from time to
 time
 employ derivative financial instruments to manage our
 exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency rates or enter into
 forward currency exchange contracts to hedge our net investment and
 intercompany payable or receivable balances in foreign operations.
 These contracts are recorded as an asset or liability in our
 consolidated balance sheets at fair value
 with an offset to
 accumulated other comprehensive income to the extent the hedge is
 effective. Derivative gains and losses included in other
 comprehensive income are reclassified into earnings as the
 underlying transaction occurs. Any ineffectiveness in our foreign
 currency exchange hedges is recorded as an adjustment to cost of
 sales in our consolidated statements of operations. There was no
 material hedge ineffectiveness related to our foreign currency
 exchange contracts designated as hedging instruments during the
 years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;During the second quarter of 2012
 we repatriated
 approximately &amp;#x20AC;55.0&amp;#xA0;million ($71.0 million) from our
 foreign operations to Dean Foods. We entered into forward contracts
 to purchase $71 million to mitigate potential currency fluctuations
 as we took steps to mobilize these funds. These derivative
 instruments were not designated as hedging instruments
 and changes
 in fair value of the instruments were recognized immediately in
 other operating (income) expense in our audited consolidated
 statements of operations. We recognized a net gain of $0.6 million
 related to these instruments during the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012. These gains were substantially offset by
 foreign currency losses related to an intercompany note that was
 repaid as part of the cash repatriation transaction. The proceeds
 of the 2012 repatriation were used for Dean Foods debt service and
 does not change our 2013 assertion to permanently reinvest our
 foreign earnings.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 derivatives recorded
 at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets were as
 follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivative
 assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivative
 liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivatives designated
 as Hedging Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 contracts&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Commodities
 contracts&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivatives not
 designated as Hedging Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap
 contracts&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest rate swap
 contracts&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;noncurrent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;48
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total
 derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45
556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Derivative assets and liabilities that have settlement dates
 equal to or less than 12 months from the respective balance sheet
 date were included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and
 accounts payable and accrued expenses
 respectively
 in our
 consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Derivative liabilities that have settlement dates greater than
 12 months from the respective balance sheet date were included in
 other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance
 sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow
 hedges reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income
 into income were as follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31 
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(Gains)/losses on foreign
 currency contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(Gains)/losses on
 commodities contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Recorded in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of
 operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Recorded in distribution expense or cost of sales
 depending on
 commodity type
 in our consolidated statements of
 operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Based on current exchange rates we estimate that $0.6
 million of hedging activity related to our foreign currency
 contracts and $1.2 million of hedging activity related to our
 commodities contracts will be reclassified from accumulated other
 comprehensive income into income within the next
 12&amp;#xA0;months.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair
 Value Measurements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Fair value is an exit price
 representing the amount that
 would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined
 based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
 an asset or liability. As a basis for considering assumptions
 we
 follow a three-tier fair value hierarchy
 which prioritizes the
 inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level 1&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Quoted prices for identical
 instruments in active markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level 2&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Quoted prices for similar instruments
 in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar
 instruments in markets that are not active
 and model-derived
 valuations
 in which all significant inputs are observable in
 active markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level 3&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Unobservable inputs in which there is
 little or no market data
 which require the reporting entity to
 develop its own assumptions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;A summary of our derivative assets and liabilities measured
 at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and
 2012 is as follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Asset&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Commodities contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$1
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$1
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Liability&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Liability&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Interest rate swap
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as
 of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Asset&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Commodities contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Liability&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Liability&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Interest rate swap
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The fair value of our interest rate swaps is determined
 based on the notional amounts of the swaps and the forward LIBOR
 curve relative to the fixed interest rates under the swap
 agreements. The fair value of our commodities contracts is based on
 the quantities and fixed prices under the agreements and quoted
 forward commodity prices. The fair value of our foreign currency
 contracts is based on the notional amounts and rates under the
 contracts and observable market forward exchange rates. We classify
 these instruments in Level&amp;#xA0;2 because quoted market prices can
 be corroborated utilizing observable benchmark market rates at
 commonly quoted intervals and observable market transactions of
 spot currency rates and forward currency prices. We did not
 significantly change our valuation techniques from prior
 periods.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Our assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a
 recurring basis include cash equivalent money market funds. Due to
 their near-term maturities
 the carrying amounts of trade accounts
 receivable and accounts payable are considered equivalent to fair
 value. In addition
 because the interest rates on our senior
 secured credit facilities are variable
 their fair values
 approximate their carrying values. The following table presents a
 summary of the recurring fair value measurements as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash equivalent money
 market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$11
617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table presents a summary of the recurring
 fair value measurement as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash equivalent money
 market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$13
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 our qualified pension plan
 investments are comprised of insurance contracts
 and the
 guaranteed premiums are invested in the general assets of the
 insurance company. The funding policy is to contribute assets at
 least equal in amount to regulatory minimum requirements. Funding
 is based on legal requirements
 tax considerations
 and investment
 opportunities. See Note 15 &amp;#x201C;Employee Retirement Plans.&amp;#x201D;
 The following table present a summary of the fair values of
 category by inputs as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 were as
 follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other
 Investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Insurance
 Contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The fair values by category of inputs as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 were as follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other
 Investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Insurance
 Contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We sponsor two deferred compensation plans
 Pre-2005
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan and Post-2004 Executive
 Deferred Compensation Plan
 under which certain employees with a
 base compensation of $150
000 may elect to defer receiving payment
 for a portion of their salary and bonus until periods after their
 respective retirements or upon separation from service. See Note 15
 &amp;#x201C;Employee Retirement Plans.&amp;#x201D; The assets related to this
 plan are primarily invested in money mutual funds and are held at
 fair value. We classify these assets as Level 2 as fair value can
 be corroborated based on quoted market prices for identical or
 similar instruments in markets that are not active. Changes in the
 fair value are recorded in general and administrative expense in
 our consolidated statements of operations. The following table
 presents a summary of the Deferred Compensation Plan assets
 measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$4
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$4
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Additionally
 we maintain a Supplemental Executive
 Retirement Plan (&amp;#x201C;SERP&amp;#x201D;)
 which is a nonqualified
 deferred compensation arrangement for our executive officers and
 other employees earning compensation in excess of the maximum
 compensation that can be taken into account with respect to our
 401(k) plan. The SERP is designed to provide these employees with
 retirement benefits from us that are equivalent
 as a percentage of
 total compensation
 to the benefits provided to other employees.
 The assets related to this plan are primarily invested in money
 market funds and are held at fair value. We classify these assets
 as Level 1 as fair value can be corroborated based on quoted market
 prices for identical instruments in active markets. Changes in the
 fair value are recorded in general and administrative expense in
 our consolidated statements of operations. The following table
 presents a summary of the SERP assets measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Money Market&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$1
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table presents a summary of the SERP assets
 measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Money Market&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$1
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;20.
 Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has evaluated subsequent events through February&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 which is the date the financial statements were
 issued.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earthbound Farm Purchase&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;On January&amp;#xA0;2
 2014
 the Company acquired Earthbound
 Farm
 one of the largest organic produce brands in North America
 from the existing shareholders in accordance with an Agreement and
 Plan of Merger dated December&amp;#xA0;8
 2013. The acquisition adds to
 our focus on high-growth product categories that are aligned with
 emerging customer trends. The total consideration for the
 acquisition was approximately $600 million
 subject to post-closing
 working capital adjustments and indemnification claims. The
 acquisition was funded by approximately $615 million in new
 borrowings under its senior secured credit facilities
 including
 the incremental term loan A-3 facility. See Note 11 &amp;#x201C;Debt and
 Allocated Portion of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; Debt&amp;#x201D;. The Company has
 not yet completed an appraisal of the assets acquired and will
 finalize the allocation of the purchase price to the asset acquired
 and liabilities assumed in 2014. Supplemental pro forma information
 of the acquired entity is not available as of the date of these
 financial statements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In connection with the acquisition of Earthbound Farm
 we
 incurred $3.3&amp;#xA0;million in expenses for the period ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and an additional $6.1&amp;#xA0;million for the
 period ended January&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 related to due diligence
 investment advisors and regulatory matters. These costs are
 included in general and administrative expense in our consolidated
 statement of operations.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Joint
 Venture with China Mengniu Dairy Company&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;On January&amp;#xA0;5
 2014
 the Company entered into a joint
 venture agreement with China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited
 (&amp;#x201C;Mengniu&amp;#x201D;)
 a leading Chinese dairy company. The joint
 venture intends to manufacture market and sell a range of beverage
 products in China. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company
 will own a 49% stake in the venture and Mengniu will own a 51%
 stake. The joint venture also executed an agreement to purchase
 Yashili Zhengzhou (&amp;#x201C;Zhengzhou&amp;#x201D;)
 a subsidiary of
 Yashili International Holdings Ltd (&amp;#x201C;Yashili&amp;#x201D;).
 Zhengzhou&amp;#x2019;s primary asset is a production facility currently
 under construction in China
 where the joint venture intends to
 manufacture its products. Mengniu is the majority owner of Yashili.
 The purchase price for Zhengzhou is expected to be approximately
 $85 million (RMB 510 million)
 including approximately $62 million
 (RMB 377 million) for the purchase of equity and the balance for
 the repayment and assumption of debt and other obligations. Each
 joint venture party&amp;#x2019;s share of the purchase price for
 Zhengzhou will be consistent with its ownership interest in the
 venture. The parties expect to make additional investments to
 support the start-up and commercialization of the joint
 venture.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The formation of the joint venture is subject to various
 governmental approvals in China which are expected to be obtained
 in the first half of 2014. The acquisition of the production
 facility is subject to the formation of the joint venture and
 approval of the minority Yashili shareholders. The joint venture
 will be accounted for as an equity-method
 investment.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In connection with the formation of the joint venture
 we
 incurred $5.0&amp;#xA0;million in expenses for the period ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and an additional $0.1&amp;#xA0;million for the
 period ended January&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 related to due diligence
 investment advisors and regulatory matters. These costs are
 included in general and administrative expense in our consolidated
 statement of operations.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;SoFine&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;On February 24
 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement
 to sell the SoFine business to a third party. The terms of the
 agreement are consistent with estimates reflected in the financial
 statements. The transaction is expected to close within 60
 days.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.
 Business and Basis of Presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Business&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We are a leading consumer packaged food and beverage
 company focused on high-growth product categories that are aligned
 with emerging consumer trends. We manufacture
 market
 distribute
 and sell branded plant-based foods and beverages
 coffee creamers
 and beverages
 and premium dairy products throughout
 North&amp;#xA0;America and Europe. Our brands distributed in North
 America include&amp;#xA0;Silk&amp;#xA0;plant-based foods and
 beverages
&amp;#xA0;International
 Delight&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;LAND O LAKES&amp;#xA0;coffee creamers and beverages
 and&amp;#xA0;Horizon
 Organic&amp;#xA0;premium
 dairy products
 while our European brands of plant-based foods and
 beverages include&amp;#xA0;Alpro&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;Provamel.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Formation of the Company and Initial Public
 Offering&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;WWF Operating Company (&amp;#x201C;WWF Opco&amp;#x201D;) was a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of Dean Foods Company (&amp;#x201C;Dean
 Foods&amp;#x201D;). Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 WWF Opco held substantially all of the historical assets and
 liabilities related to the business that we acquired pursuant to
 the transactions described below.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The WhiteWave Foods Company was incorporated on
 July&amp;#xA0;17
 2012 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dean Foods to
 acquire the capital stock of WWF Opco. The Company had nominal
 assets and no liabilities
 and conducted no operations prior to the
 completion of our initial public offering.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In connection with the our initial public offering
 we
 filed a prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October&amp;#xA0;26
 2012 (the &amp;#x201C;Prospectus&amp;#x201D;). The Prospectus describes the
 details of our initial public offering and the separation of our
 business from Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; other businesses.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following transactions occurred in connection with our
 initial public offering and the separation of our business from
 Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; other businesses:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On October&amp;#xA0;5
 2012
 WWF Opco issued a series of
 intercompany notes to Dean Foods in the aggregate principal amount
 of $1.155 billion to evidence the payment of a dividend by WWF Opco
 to Dean Foods. The notes had various maturity dates beginning in
 October 2013 and continuing until May 2014
 and bore interest at a
 fixed rate of 2.733%&amp;#xA0;per annum. The notes were unsecured and
 not guaranteed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On October&amp;#xA0;12
 2012
 the Company entered into a
 credit agreement
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors
 listed therein
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as syndication agent
 and the other
 lenders party thereto (the &amp;#x201C;Credit Agreement&amp;#x201D;). The
 Credit Agreement governs the Company&amp;#x2019;s senior secured credit
 facilities
 which consist of a revolving credit facility in an
 aggregate principal amount of $850 million and term loan facilities
 in an aggregate principal amount of $500 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On October&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 we amended and restated our
 certificate of incorporation and by-laws
 increased the total
 number of authorized shares of our capital stock to 2
045
000
000
 shares
 and created two classes of common stock that have the same
 economic rights
 including with respect to dividends and
 distributions. Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock is entitled to one vote
 per share
 and Class B common stock was entitled to ten votes per
 share with respect to all matters submitted to a vote of our
 stockholders
 subject
 in the case of the Class B common stock
 to
 reduction in accordance with terms of the amended and restated
 certificate of incorporation. The common stock held by Dean Foods
 prior to our initial public offering was reclassified into Class B
 common stock. Each share of Class B common stock was convertible
 into one share of Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock at any time at Dean
 Foods&amp;#x2019; election and automatically in certain circumstances.
 Our capital stock includes 170
000
000 authorized shares of
 preferred stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On October&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 we completed our initial public
 offering and sold 23
000
000 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock at
 a price of $17.00 per share. Prior to completion of our initial
 public offering
 Dean Foods contributed the capital stock of WWF
 Opco to us in exchange for 150
000
000 shares of our Class B common
 stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On October&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 the Company incurred
 approximately $885 million in new indebtedness under its senior
 secured credit facilities and contributed substantially all of the
 net proceeds to WWF Opco. We also contributed $282 million of the
 net proceeds from our initial public offering to WWF Opco
 which
 used those proceeds
 together with substantially all of the net
 proceeds under the Credit Agreement
 to repay then-outstanding
 obligations under intercompany notes owed to Dean Foods
 as
 described above.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On November&amp;#xA0;1
 2012
 the remaining net proceeds from
 our initial public offering were used to repay a portion of the
 indebtedness then outstanding under the revolving portion of our
 senior secured credit facilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In connection with our initial public offering
 Dean Foods
 novated to us certain of its interest rate swaps with a notional
 value of $650 million and a maturity date of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2017.
 These swap agreements have fixed interest rates between 2.75% and
 3.19%. See Note 12 &amp;#x201C;Derivative Financial
 Instruments.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis
 of presentation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The contribution of WWF Opco to WhiteWave was treated as a
 reorganization of entities under common control under Dean Foods.
 As a result
 we are retrospectively presenting the consolidated
 financial position and results of operations of WhiteWave and WWF
 Opco for all periods presented.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements have
 been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#x201C;U.S. GAAP&amp;#x201D;).
 In the opinion of management
 all adjustments
 consisting
 principally of normal recurring adjustments
 considered necessary
 for a fair presentation have been included.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;For periods prior to the completion of our initial public
 offering on October&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 our consolidated financial
 statements have been prepared on a stand-alone basis and derived
 from Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; consolidated financial statements and
 accounting records using the historical results of operations and
 assets and liabilities attributed to our operations
 and include
 allocations of expenses from Dean Foods. Our consolidated and
 segment results are not necessarily indicative of our future
 performance and do not reflect what our financial performance would
 have been had we been a stand-alone public company during the
 periods presented.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 Dean
 Foods provided certain corporate services to us
 and costs
 associated with these functions were allocated to us. These
 allocations included costs related to corporate services
 such as
 executive management
 supply chain
 information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
 investor relations
 human resources
 risk
 management
 tax
 treasury
 and other services
 as well as
 stock-based compensation expense attributable to our employees and
 an allocation of stock-based compensation attributable to employees
 of Dean Foods. The costs of such services were allocated to us
 based on the most relevant allocation method to the service
 provided
 primarily based on relative percentage of total net
 sales
 relative percentage of headcount
 or specific
 identification. The total amount of these allocations from Dean
 Foods was approximately $50.7 million from January&amp;#xA0;1
 2012 to
 the date of our initial public offering (which includes
 $17.5&amp;#xA0;million of transaction costs related to our initial
 public offering)
 and $32.7 million in the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011. These cost allocations are primarily
 reflected within general and administrative expenses in our
 consolidated statements of operations as well as classified as
 &amp;#x201C;Corporate and other&amp;#x201D; in Note 17 &amp;#x201C;Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information.&amp;#x201D; Management believes
 the basis on which the expenses have been allocated to be a
 reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to or
 the benefit received by us during the periods presented. Dean Foods
 continues to provide limited services on a transitional basis for a
 fee through 2014.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Upon completion of our initial public offering
 we assumed
 responsibility for the costs of these functions. The allocations
 may not reflect the expense we would have incurred as a stand-alone
 public company for the periods presented. Actual costs that may
 have been incurred if we had been a stand-alone public company
 would depend on a number of factors
 including the chosen
 organizational structure
 what functions were outsourced or
 performed by employees
 and strategic decisions made in certain
 areas.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 total
 equity represented Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; interest in our recorded net
 assets. Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; net investment balance represented the
 cumulative net investment by Dean Foods in us through
 October&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 including any prior net income or loss or
 other comprehensive income or loss attributed to us and
 contributions received from or distributions made to Dean Foods.
 Certain transactions between us and other related parties that are
 wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods
 including allocated
 expenses and settlement of intercompany transactions
 were also
 included in Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; net investment.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We were allocated a portion of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019;
 consolidated debt based on amounts directly incurred by us to fund
 the acquisition of Alpro in July 2009. Prior to completion of our
 initial public offering
 interest expense had been allocated based
 on the historical interest rates of the Dean Foods senior secured
 credit facility during each period presented
 as this revolver was
 drawn to fund the Alpro acquisition. Debt issuance costs were
 allocated in the same proportion as the debt. In connection with
 our initial public offering
 the allocated portion of the Dean
 Foods senior secured credit facility was settled as a contribution
 to our capital from Dean Foods. Management believes the basis of
 historical allocation for debt
 interest expense
 and debt issuance
 costs was reasonable. However
 these amounts may not be indicative
 of the actual amounts that we would have incurred had we been a
 stand-alone public company for the periods presented. See Note 11
 &amp;#x201C;Debt and Allocated Portion of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019;
 Debt.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Certain reclassifications of previously reported amounts
 have been made to conform to the current year presentation in the
 audited consolidated statements of cash flows
 Note 13
 &amp;#x201C;Share-Based Compensation&amp;#x201D; and Note 17 &amp;#x201C;Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information.&amp;#x201D; These
 reclassifications did not impact previously reported amounts on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s audited consolidated balance sheets
 statements of
 operations and statements of cash flows.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Completion of Spin-Off from Dean Foods&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013
 Dean Foods distributed (the
 &amp;#x201C;Distribution&amp;#x201D;) to its stockholders an aggregate of
 47
686
000 shares of our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock
 par value $0.01
 per share (the &amp;#x201C;Class A common stock&amp;#x201D;)
 and 67
914
000
 shares of our Class B common stock
 par value $0.01 per share (the
 &amp;#x201C;Class B common stock&amp;#x201D;)
 as a pro rata dividend to Dean
 Foods stockholders at the close of business on May&amp;#xA0;17
 2013
 the record date for the Distribution. Effective upon the
 Distribution
 and in accordance with the terms of our amended and
 restated certificate of incorporation
 we reduced the number of
 votes per share of our Class B common stock with respect to all
 matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders
 other than the
 election and removal of directors
 to one vote per
 share.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Prior to the Distribution
 Dean Foods converted 82
086
000
 shares of our Class B common stock into 82
086
000 shares of our
 Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock in accordance with the terms of our
 amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 of which
 47
686
000 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock were distributed to
 Dean Foods stockholders in the Distribution. As a result of and
 immediately after the Distribution
 Dean Foods owned 34
400
000
 shares of our Class&amp;#xA0;A Common stock and no shares of our Class
 B common stock. Under the terms of the separation and distribution
 agreement
 Dean Foods was required to dispose of any remaining
 ownership interest in us within three years of the Distribution
 or
 May&amp;#xA0;23
 2016. On July&amp;#xA0;25
 2013 Dean Foods disposed of all
 of its remaining 34
400
000 shares of our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock
 in a registered public offering. We did not receive any proceeds
 from this offering. As a result of and immediately after the
 closing of this offering
 Dean Foods no longer owned any shares of
 our common stock and had no ownership interest in
 us.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Common
 Stock Class Conversion&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;On September&amp;#xA0;24
 2013
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 stockholders approved the conversion of to convert all of the
 outstanding shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;B common stock
 into shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock. All
 of the 67
913
310 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;B common stock outstanding
 were converted on a one-for-one basis into shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A
 common stock.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The conversion had no impact on the economic interests of
 the holders of Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock and the former holders of
 Class&amp;#xA0;B common stock. The conversion had no impact on the
 total issued and outstanding shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common
 stock although it increased the number of shares of Class&amp;#xA0;A
 common stock outstanding in an amount equivalent to the number of
 shares of Class&amp;#xA0;B common stock outstanding immediately prior
 to the conversion.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Pension plans
 with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets are
 as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;10. Income
 Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Our provision
 for income taxes has been prepared on a separate return basis as if
 the Company was a stand-alone entity for periods prior to the
 Distribution. For periods prior to the Distribution
 the Company is
 included in the Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; U.S. consolidated federal income
 tax return and also files some U.S. state income tax returns on a
 combined basis with Dean Foods. Our foreign subsidiaries file local
 income tax returns in the jurisdictions in which they
 operate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 completed a number of transactions with Dean Foods under the tax
 matters agreement and in connection with the spin-off
 including
 the transfer of deferred tax assets and liabilities prior to or at
 spin date. As a result of these transactions
 $13.3 million of net
 distributions are reflected in contributions to equity in the
 consolidated statements of shareholders&amp;#x2019; equity. In addition
 $3.5 million of our income tax payable is reflected as a reduction
 to contributions to equity in the consolidated statements of
 shareholders&amp;#x2019; equity as a result of being included in the
 Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; U.S. consolidated federal income tax return
 Dean
 Foods&amp;#x2019; payment of domestic taxes through the IPO date
 and
 the settlement of our 2012 tax sharing true-up payments with Dean
 Foods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from
 continuing operations before income taxes is comprised of the
 following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;124
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;149
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;138
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;143
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;169
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;166
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense consists of the following components:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current income
 taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;34
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;45
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
581&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total current income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;44
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;56
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred income
 taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred income tax
 expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;44
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;56
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;52
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Excludes $0.1 million in income tax expense related to
 discontinued operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Excludes $5.5 million in income tax benefit related to
 discontinued operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A
 reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal tax rate to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s effective tax rate is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2011&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Tax expense at statutory
 rate of 35%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State income
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign taxes versus U.S.
 statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;SoFine
 write-down&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;U.S. manufacturing
 deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred tax rate
 adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Uncertain tax
 positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Non deductible
 transaction costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Effective tax
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;33.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In the table
 above
 the amounts for uncertain tax positions and deferred tax
 rate adjustments include amounts related to state and foreign
 income taxes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The tax
 effects of temporary differences giving rise to deferred income tax
 assets (liabilities) were:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred income tax
 assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Share-based
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Derivative
 instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net operating loss
 carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred income tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;60
385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;52
235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred income tax
 liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(163
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(139
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(108
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(110
414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred income tax
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(271
562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(249
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net deferred income tax
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(211
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(197
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Includes $0.8 million of deferred tax assets related to
 uncertain tax positions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Includes $1.2 million of deferred tax assets related to
 uncertain tax positions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The net
 deferred income tax assets (liabilities) shown above are classified
 in our consolidated balance sheets as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Noncurrent
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(237
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(218
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(211
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(197
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;At
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 we had $2.7 million of tax-effected state
 and foreign net operating loss carryforwards
 some of which are
 subject to certain limitations and begin to expire in 2017. A
 valuation allowance of $0.1 million has been established at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 because we do not believe it is more likely
 than not that all of the deferred tax assets related to the state
 net operating loss carryforwards will be realized prior to
 expiration.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending gross unrecognized
 tax benefits
 recorded in our consolidated balance
 sheets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 January&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;39
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increases in tax
 positions for current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increases in tax
 positions for prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Decreases in tax
 positions for prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(28
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Settlement of tax
 matters&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Lapse of applicable
 statutes of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 December&amp;#xA0;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The additions
 to unrecognized tax benefits are attributable to U.S. federal and
 state and foreign tax matters. The settlement of tax matters in
 2013 is primarily from the closing of taxing authority examinations
 related to the Alpro acquisition in 2009
 which was substantially
 offset by the use of adjustments associated with transfer pricing
 assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Of the
 balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 $3.9 million would impact our effective tax rate when released. Any
 changes to our liability for unrecognized tax benefits is not
 expected to have a material effect on our financial condition
 results of operations or liquidity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;We recognize
 accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions as a component
 of income tax expense. Penalties
 if incurred
 are recorded in
 general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements
 of operations. Income tax expense for 2013
 2012
 and 2011 included
 interest expense (income)
 of $0.1 million
 ($0.6) million
 and
 $nil
 respectively. Our liability for uncertain tax positions
 included accrued interest of $0.4&amp;#xA0;million and $0.3 million at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dean
 Foods&amp;#x2019; U.S. federal income tax returns have been audited
 through 2011. However
 the statute for potential adjustments for
 the years 2007-2011 remains open
 pending further administrative
 reviews. State income tax returns are generally subject to
 examination for a period of three to five years after filing. Our
 foreign income tax returns are generally subject to examination for
 a period of one to five years after filing. We have various income
 tax returns in the process of examination
 appeals or
 settlement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Research
 and Development&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Our research and development activities primarily consist
 of generating and testing new product concepts
 new flavors
 and
 packaging and are primarily internal. We expense research and
 development costs as incurred and they primarily relate to
 compensation
 facility costs and purchased research and development
 services
 materials and supplies. Our total research and
 development expense was $13.4 million
 $12.3 million
 and
 $11.1&amp;#xA0;million for 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively. Research
 and development costs are included in general and administrative
 expenses in our consolidated statements of
 operations.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from
 continuing operations before income taxes is comprised of the
 following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;124
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;149
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;138
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;143
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;169
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;166
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;br /&gt;
 outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest&lt;br /&gt;
 rate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;br /&gt;
 outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;rate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except
 percentages)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Senior secured credit
 facilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;662
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%*&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;780
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%*&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less current
 portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total long-term
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;647
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;765
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Represents a weighted average rate
 including applicable
 interest rate margins
 for the senior secured revolving credit
 facility
 Term Loan A-1
 and Term Loan A-2.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis of
 presentation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The contribution of WWF Opco to WhiteWave was treated as a
 reorganization of entities under common control under Dean Foods.
 As a result
 we are retrospectively presenting the consolidated
 financial position and results of operations of WhiteWave and WWF
 Opco for all periods presented.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements have
 been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#x201C;U.S. GAAP&amp;#x201D;).
 In the opinion of management
 all adjustments
 consisting
 principally of normal recurring adjustments
 considered necessary
 for a fair presentation have been included.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;For periods prior to the completion of our initial public
 offering on October&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 our consolidated financial
 statements have been prepared on a stand-alone basis and derived
 from Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; consolidated financial statements and
 accounting records using the historical results of operations and
 assets and liabilities attributed to our operations
 and include
 allocations of expenses from Dean Foods. Our consolidated and
 segment results are not necessarily indicative of our future
 performance and do not reflect what our financial performance would
 have been had we been a stand-alone public company during the
 periods presented.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 Dean
 Foods provided certain corporate services to us
 and costs
 associated with these functions were allocated to us. These
 allocations included costs related to corporate services
 such as
 executive management
 supply chain
 information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
 investor relations
 human resources
 risk
 management
 tax
 treasury
 and other services
 as well as
 stock-based compensation expense attributable to our employees and
 an allocation of stock-based compensation attributable to employees
 of Dean Foods. The costs of such services were allocated to us
 based on the most relevant allocation method to the service
 provided
 primarily based on relative percentage of total net
 sales
 relative percentage of headcount
 or specific
 identification. The total amount of these allocations from Dean
 Foods was approximately $50.7 million from January&amp;#xA0;1
 2012 to
 the date of our initial public offering (which includes
 $17.5&amp;#xA0;million of transaction costs related to our initial
 public offering)
 and $32.7 million in the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011. These cost allocations are primarily
 reflected within general and administrative expenses in our
 consolidated statements of operations as well as classified as
 &amp;#x201C;Corporate and other&amp;#x201D; in Note 17 &amp;#x201C;Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information.&amp;#x201D; Management believes
 the basis on which the expenses have been allocated to be a
 reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to or
 the benefit received by us during the periods presented. Dean Foods
 continues to provide limited services on a transitional basis for a
 fee through 2014.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Upon completion of our initial public offering
 we assumed
 responsibility for the costs of these functions. The allocations
 may not reflect the expense we would have incurred as a stand-alone
 public company for the periods presented. Actual costs that may
 have been incurred if we had been a stand-alone public company
 would depend on a number of factors
 including the chosen
 organizational structure
 what functions were outsourced or
 performed by employees
 and strategic decisions made in certain
 areas.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 total
 equity represented Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; interest in our recorded net
 assets. Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; net investment balance represented the
 cumulative net investment by Dean Foods in us through
 October&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 including any prior net income or loss or
 other comprehensive income or loss attributed to us and
 contributions received from or distributions made to Dean Foods.
 Certain transactions between us and other related parties that are
 wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods
 including allocated
 expenses and settlement of intercompany transactions
 were also
 included in Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; net investment.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We were allocated a portion of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019;
 consolidated debt based on amounts directly incurred by us to fund
 the acquisition of Alpro in July 2009. Prior to completion of our
 initial public offering
 interest expense had been allocated based
 on the historical interest rates of the Dean Foods senior secured
 credit facility during each period presented
 as this revolver was
 drawn to fund the Alpro acquisition. Debt issuance costs were
 allocated in the same proportion as the debt. In connection with
 our initial public offering
 the allocated portion of the Dean
 Foods senior secured credit facility was settled as a contribution
 to our capital from Dean Foods. Management believes the basis of
 historical allocation for debt
 interest expense
 and debt issuance
 costs was reasonable. However
 these amounts may not be indicative
 of the actual amounts that we would have incurred had we been a
 stand-alone public company for the periods presented. See Note 11
 &amp;#x201C;Debt and Allocated Portion of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019;
 Debt.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Certain reclassifications of previously reported amounts
 have been made to conform to the current year presentation in the
 audited consolidated statements of cash flows
 Note 13
 &amp;#x201C;Share-Based Compensation&amp;#x201D; and Note 17 &amp;#x201C;Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information.&amp;#x201D; These
 reclassifications did not impact previously reported amounts on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s audited consolidated balance sheets
 statements of
 operations and statements of cash flows.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.
 Employee Retirement Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior to the
 Distribution
 our employees participated in Dean Foods&amp;#x2019;
 broad-based programs generally available to all employees
 including its 401(k) plan
 health and dental plans and various
 other insurance plans
 including disability and life insurance.
 Effective upon the Distribution
 the Company implemented its own
 substantially similar employee benefit plans and our employees are
 no longer eligible to participate in Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; plans.
 Additionally
 we contribute to one multiemployer pension plan on
 behalf of our employees.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Substantially
 all full-time union and non-union employees who have completed one
 or more years of service and have met other requirements pursuant
 to the plans were eligible to participate in one or more of the
 Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; plans. Expenses related to our employees&amp;#x2019;
 participation in Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; plans
 prior to the
 Distribution
 were determined by specifically identifying the costs
 for the Company&amp;#x2019;s participants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 our retirement plans expenses were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Defined benefit
 plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Defined contribution
 plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Multiemployer pension and
 certain union plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
658&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Defined
 Contribution Plan&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Certain of our non-union personnel may elect to participate
 in a savings plan sponsored by the Company. This plan provides for
 contributions by the participants of between 1% and 20% and
 provides for matching contributions by the employer up to 4% of a
 participant&amp;#x2019;s annual compensation. In addition
 certain union
 hourly employees are participants in the company-sponsored defined
 contribution plan
 which provide for employer contributions in
 various amounts ranging from $24 to $91 per pay period per
 participant.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Alpro
 Defined Benefit Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We have separate
 stand-alone defined benefit pension plans
 as a result of the acquisition of Alpro on July&amp;#xA0;2
&amp;#xA0;2009.
 The benefits under our Alpro defined benefit plans are based on
 years of service and employee compensation. Our funding policy is
 to contribute annually the minimum amount required under local
 regulations plus additional amounts as management deems
 appropriate.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Included in accumulated other comprehensive income at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 are the following amounts that have
 not yet been recognized in net periodic pension cost: unrecognized
 prior service costs of $0.2&amp;#xA0;million ($0.1 million net of tax)
 and $0.3 million ($0.2 million net of tax) and unrecognized
 actuarial losses of $1.0 million ($0.7 million net of tax) and $2.4
 million ($1.6 million net of tax)
 respectively. The prior service
 costs and actuarial losses included in accumulated other
 comprehensive income and expected to be recognized in net periodic
 pension cost during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 are
 $12
500 ($8
500 net of tax) and $2
700&amp;#xA0;($1
800 net of tax)
 respectively.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of
 the projected benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets
 for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 and the funded
 status of the plans at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 is as
 follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Change in Benefit
 Obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at
 beginning of the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan
 amendments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial
 (gain)/loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expenses paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exchange rate
 changes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefit obligation
 end
 of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Change in Plan
 Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actual return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Employer contributions to
 plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expenses paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exchange rate
 changes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan
 assets
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Funded status at end of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The underfunded status of the plans of $5.3 million at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is recognized in our consolidated balance
 sheet as a non-current accrued pension liability. We do not expect
 any plan assets to be returned to us during the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. We expect to contribute $1.7 million to the
 pension plans in 2014.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;A summary of our key actuarial assumptions used to
 determine benefit obligations as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 is as follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average discount
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;A summary of our key actuarial assumptions used to
 determine net periodic benefit cost for 2013
 2012
 and 2011 is as
 follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average discount
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected return on
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Components of net
 periodic benefit cost:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Unrecognized net
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net periodic benefit
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The overall expected long-term rate of return on plan
 assets is a weighted-average expectation based on the targeted and
 expected portfolio composition. We consider historical performance
 and current benchmarks to arrive at expected long-term rates of
 return in each asset category.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in
 excess of plan assets are as follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
463&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit
 plans was $12.3 million and $11.1 million at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The weighted average discount rate reflects the rate at
 which our defined benefit plan obligations could be effectively
 settled. The rate uses a model that reflects a bond yield curve
 constructed from high-quality corporate or foreign government
 bonds
 for which the timing of cash outflows approximate the
 estimated payments. The weighted average discount rate was
 increased from 3.5% at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 to 3.8% at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 which will decrease the net periodic
 benefit cost in 2014.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 our qualified pension plan
 investments are comprised of insurance contracts
 and the
 guaranteed premiums are invested in the general assets of the
 insurance company. The funding policy is to contribute assets at
 least equal in amount to regulatory minimum requirements. Funding
 is based on legal requirements
 tax considerations
 and investment
 opportunities.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Estimated pension plan benefit payments to our participants
 for the next ten years are as follows (in
 thousands):&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Next five
 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Fair value is an exit price
 representing the amount that
 would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined
 based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
 an asset or liability. As a basis for considering assumptions
 we
 follow a three-tier fair value hierarchy
 which prioritizes the
 inputs used in measuring fair value of our defined benefit
 plans&amp;#x2019; consolidated assets. We classify the insurance
 contracts as Level 3 as there is little or no market data for the
 unobservable inputs
 which requires development of assumptions. See
 Note 12 &amp;#x201C;Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value
 Measurements.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;For both 2013 and 2012
 approximately 90% of the insurance
 contracts were financed by employer premiums with the insurer
 managing the reserves as calculated using an actuarial model. The
 remaining 10% of the insurance contracts were financed by employer
 and employee contributions with the insurer managing the reserves
 collectively with other pension plans.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;A reconciliation of the change in the fair value
 measurement of the defined benefit plans&amp;#x2019; consolidated assets
 using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the years
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 is as
 follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;br /&gt;
 Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actual return on plan
 assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Relating to instruments
 still held at reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Purchases
 sales and
 settlements (net)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actual return on plan
 assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Relating to instruments
 still held at reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Purchases
 sales and
 settlements (net)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Multiemployer Pension Plan&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We contribute to a multiemployer pension plan that covers
 approximately 250 of our union employees. This plan is administered
 by a board of trustees composed of labor representatives and the
 management of the participating companies. The risks of
 participating in a multiemployer plan are different from a
 single-employer plan in the following aspects:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;assets contributed to a multiemployer plan by one
 employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other
 participating employers;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;if a participating employer stops contributing to the
 plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the
 remaining participating employers; and&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;if we choose to stop participating in our
 multiemployer plan
 we may be required to pay the plan an amount
 based on the underfunded status of the plan
 referred to as a
 withdrawal liability.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;At this time
 we have not established any significant
 liabilities because withdrawal from this plan is not probable or
 reasonably possible.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Our participation in the multiemployer plan for the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is outlined in the table below. Unless
 otherwise noted
 the most recent Pension Protection Act
 (&amp;#x201C;PPA&amp;#x201D;) Zone Status available in 2013 and 2012 is for
 the plan&amp;#x2019;s year-end at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011
 respectively. The zone status is based on
 information that we obtained from the plan&amp;#x2019;s Form 5500
 which
 is available in the public domain and is certified by the
 plan&amp;#x2019;s actuary. Among other factors
 plans in the red zone
 are generally less than 65% funded
 plans in the yellow zone are
 less than 80% funded
 and plans in the green zone are at least 80%
 funded. The &amp;#x201C;FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented&amp;#x201D; column
 indicates plans for which a funding improvement plan
 (&amp;#x201C;FIP&amp;#x201D;) or a rehabilitation plan (&amp;#x201C;RP&amp;#x201D;) is
 either pending or has been implemented. Federal law requires that
 plans classified in the yellow zone or red zone adopt a funding
 improvement plan or rehabilitation plan
 respectively
 in order to
 improve the financial health of the plan. The &amp;#x201C;Extended
 Amortization Provisions&amp;#x201D; column indicates plans which have
 elected to utilize the special 30-year amortization rules provided
 by the Pension Relief Act of 2010 to amortize its losses from 2008
 as a result of turmoil in the financial markets. The last column in
 the table lists the expiration date of the collective-bargaining
 agreement to which the plan is subject.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=31%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 44pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 fund&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employer&lt;br /&gt;
 identification&lt;br /&gt;
 number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 plan&lt;br /&gt;
 number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=3 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;PPA Zone
 status&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;FIP/RP&amp;#xA0;status&lt;br /&gt;
 pending/&lt;br /&gt;
 implemented&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Extended&lt;br /&gt;
 amortization&lt;br /&gt;
 provisions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expiration&lt;br /&gt;
 date of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;associated&lt;br /&gt;
 collective-&lt;br /&gt;
 bargaining&lt;br /&gt;
 agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Western Conference of
 Teamsters Pension Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;91-6145047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Green&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Green&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;March&amp;#xA0;1
&amp;#xA0;2015&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;January&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;We are party to one collective bargaining agreement in
 this multiemployer Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan
 which requires contributions. We are also party to two other
 collective bargaining agreements whose defined contribution plans
 are 401(k) plans that require matching contributions. These
 agreements cover a large number of employee participants and expire
 on various dates between 2014 and 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Information regarding our contributions to our
 multiemployer pension plan is shown in the table below. There are
 no changes that materially affected the comparability of our
 contributions to the plan during the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011 (in thousands).&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employer&lt;br /&gt;
 identification&lt;br /&gt;
 number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 plan&lt;br /&gt;
 number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;The&amp;#xA0;WhiteWave&amp;#xA0;Foods&amp;#xA0;Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Surcharge&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;imposed&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 44pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 fund&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2011&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Western Conference of
 Teamsters Pension Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;91-6145047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
658&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;During the 2013
 2012
 and 2011 plan years
 our
 contributions did not exceed 5% of total plan
 contributions.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Deferred Compensation Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We sponsor two deferred compensation plans
 Pre-2005
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan and Post-2004 Executive
 Deferred Compensation Plan
 under which certain employees with a
 base compensation of $150
000 may elect to defer receiving payment
 for a portion of their salary and bonus until periods after their
 respective retirements or upon separation from service. The amounts
 deferred are partially funded as unsecured obligations of the
 Company
 receiving no preferential standing
 and are subject to the
 same risk as other unsecured obligations. The participants in these
 plans may choose from a number of externally managed mutual fund
 investments
 money market funds and stocks and their investment
 balances track the rates of return for these accounts. Amounts
 payable
 including accrued deemed interest
 totaled $4.6 million at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 which were included in other long-term
 liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The assets related
 to these plans are primarily invested in money market mutual funds
 and are recorded at fair value. We classify these assets as Level 2
 as fair value can be corroborated based on quoted market prices for
 identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active.
 See Note 12 &amp;#x201C;Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value
 Measurement.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;19.
 Earnings Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic
 earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of
 common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per
 share is based on the weighted average number of common shares
 outstanding and the effect of all dilutive common stock equivalents
 outstanding during each period. The contribution of WWF Opco to
 WhiteWave was treated as a reorganization of entities under common
 control under Dean Foods. As a result
 we are retrospectively
 presenting the shares outstanding for WhiteWave and WWF Opco for
 all periods presented. For all periods prior to completion of our
 initial public offering
 the same number of Class B shares is being
 used for basic and diluted earnings per share as no WhiteWave
 Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock or equity awards were outstanding. The
 outstanding shares of Class B common stock give effect to Dean
 Foods&amp;#x2019; contribution of WWF Opco&amp;#x2019;s capital stock to
 WhiteWave and Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; subsequent conversion of a portion
 of their Class B common stock to Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock prior to
 the Distribution.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table reconciles the numerators and denominators used in the
 computations of both basic and diluted earnings per
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except
 share and per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per share
 computation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations attributable to The WhiteWave Foods Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;99
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;112
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;114
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Average common
 shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;173
120
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;153
770
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;150
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per share
 from continuing operations attributable to The WhiteWave Foods
 Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per
 share from discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per share
 from net income attributable to The WhiteWave Foods
 Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per
 share computation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations attributable to The WhiteWave Foods Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;99
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;112
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;114
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Average common
 shares&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;173
120
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;153
770
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;150
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Stock option
 conversion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;820
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Stock
 units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;640
036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Average common
 shares&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;174
581
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;153
770
497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;150
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per share
 from continuing operations attributable to The WhiteWave Foods
 Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per
 share from discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings per share
 from net income attributable to The WhiteWave Foods
 Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;4
045
309 and 2
445
327 anti-dilutive options were
 excluded from the calculation for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;10 and 666
999 anti-dilutive RSUs were excluded from the
 calculation for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;18.
 Related Party Transactions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Allocated Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;As of July&amp;#xA0;25
 2013
 Dean Foods disposed of its
 remaining shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock in a
 registered public offering. As a result of and immediately
 following this offering
 Dean Foods has no ownership interest in us
 and therefore is no longer a related party. Prior to completion of
 our initial public offering
 Dean Foods provided certain corporate
 services to us
 and costs associated with these functions were
 allocated to us. These allocations include costs related to
 corporate services
 such as executive management
 supply chain
 information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
 investor
 relations
 human resources
 risk management
 tax
 treasury
 and
 other services
 as well as stock-based compensation expense
 attributable to our employees and an allocation of stock-based
 compensation attributable to employees of Dean Foods. The costs of
 such services were allocated to us based on the most relevant
 allocation method to the service provided
 primarily based on
 relative percentage of total net sales
 relative percentage of
 headcount
 or specific identification. The total amount of these
 allocations from Dean Foods was approximately $50.7 million from
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2012 to the date of our initial public offering
 (which includes approximately $17.5 million of transaction costs
 related to our initial public offering) and $32.7 million in the
 year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011. These cost allocations are
 primarily reflected within general and administrative expenses in
 our consolidated statements of operations as well as classified as
 &amp;#x201C;Corporate and other&amp;#x201D; in Note 17 &amp;#x201C;Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information.&amp;#x201D; Management believes
 the basis on which the expenses have been allocated to be a
 reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to or
 the benefit received by us during the periods presented. Dean Foods
 continues to provide some of these services on a transitional basis
 for a fee.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Upon completion of our initial public offering
 we assumed
 responsibility for the costs of these functions. The allocations
 may not reflect the expense we would have incurred as a stand-alone
 public company. Actual costs that may have been incurred if we had
 been a stand-alone public company would depend on a number of
 factors
 including the chosen organizational structure
 what
 functions were outsourced or performed by employees
 and strategic
 decisions made in certain areas.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We were allocated a portion of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019;
 consolidated debt based on amounts directly incurred by us to fund
 the acquisition of Alpro in July 2009. Prior to completion of our
 initial public offering
 interest expense had been allocated based
 on the historical interest rates of the Dean Foods senior secured
 credit facility during each period presented
 as this revolver was
 drawn to fund the Alpro acquisition. Debt issuance costs were
 allocated in the same proportion as the debt. In connection with
 our initial public offering
 the allocated portion of the Dean
 Foods senior secured credit facility was settled as a contribution
 to our capital from Dean Foods. Management believes the basis of
 historical allocation basis for debt
 interest expense
 and debt
 issuance costs was reasonable. However
 these amounts may not be
 indicative of the actual amounts that we would have incurred had we
 been a stand-alone public company for the periods presented. See
 Note 11 &amp;#x201C;Debt and Allocated Portion of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019;
 Debt.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 Management&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We use a centralized approach to cash management and
 financing of operations. Prior to completion of our initial public
 offering
 Dean Foods provided financing
 cash management
 and other
 treasury services to us. Our North America cash balances were
 regularly swept by Dean Foods
 and we received funding from Dean
 Foods for our operating and investing cash needs. Cash transferred
 to and from Dean Foods was historically recorded as intercompany
 payables and receivables that were reflected as a component of Dean
 Foods&amp;#x2019; net investment in our consolidated balance sheets.
 Since completion of our initial public offering
 we have maintained
 separate cash management and financing functions for our
 operations.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Related
 Party Arrangements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Historically
 related party transactions and activities
 involving Dean Foods and its wholly-owned subsidiaries were not
 always consummated on terms equivalent to those that would prevail
 in an arm&amp;#x2019;s-length transaction where conditions of
 competitive
 free-market dealing may exist. Prior to the
 Distribution
 sales of our raw materials and finished products that
 we manufacture for other wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods
 have been reflected as related party sales in our consolidated
 financial statements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 certain
 related party transactions were settled by either non-cash capital
 contributions from Dean Foods to us or non-cash capital
 distributions from us to Dean Foods and included as part of Dean
 Foods&amp;#x2019; net investment. Both prior to and after the completion
 of our initial public offering
 other related party transactions
 that are settled in cash are reflected as related party receivables
 in our consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;During the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and
 2011
 we utilized manufacturing facilities and resources managed by
 affiliates of Dean Foods to conduct our business. The expenses
 associated with these transactions
 which primarily relate to
 co-packing certain of our products
 are included in cost of sales
 in our consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In connection with and effective as of our initial public
 offering
 we entered into agreements that formalize ongoing
 commercial arrangements we have with Dean Foods and Morningstar
 which are described below. Certain terms of these agreements were
 modified in connection with Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; sale of Morningstar.
 These agreements are described in Note 4
 &amp;#x201C;Transactions with
 Morningstar.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Agreements with Dean Foods&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Sales and Distribution Agreement&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We entered into an
 agreement with two wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods
 Suiza
 Dairy Group
 LLC (&amp;#x201C;Suiza Dairy&amp;#x201D;) and Dean Dairy
 Holdings
 LLC (&amp;#x201C;Dean Dairy&amp;#x201D;)
 pursuant to which those
 subsidiaries continue to sell and distribute certain WhiteWave
 products for a fixed initial term of up to 18 months
 depending on
 the product and customer. This agreement modifies our historical
 intercompany arrangements and reflects new pricing.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Co-Packing Agreement&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; Additionally
 we
 entered into a separate manufacturing agreement with Suiza Dairy
 and Dean Dairy pursuant to which those subsidiaries continue
 manufacturing WhiteWave fresh organic milk products on our behalf
 for a term of 18 months. The agreement formalizes our historical
 intercompany arrangements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Cream Supply Agreement&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We also entered into a
 supply agreement with Suiza Dairy and Dean Dairy pursuant to which
 we continue to purchase cream from such subsidiaries for an initial
 term ending December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 with an option for us to renew
 for up to four one-year terms. This agreement formalizes our
 historical intercompany arrangements and does not impact
 comparability in our consolidated statement of operations for the
 years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;License Agreement&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We entered into an
 agreement with Dean Foods pursuant to which we have an exclusive
 license to manufacture and sell shelf stable aseptic flavored and
 white milk under Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; TruMoo brand in certain retail
 channels and to designated foodservice accounts throughout North
 America in exchange for payment of a royalty. The initial term of
 the agreement is December 2012 through December&amp;#xA0;31
 2017
 with
 automatic one-year renewals thereafter so long as we achieve
 specified volume thresholds and minimum royalties.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Transition Services Agreement&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; We and Dean Foods also
 entered into a transition services agreement to cover certain
 continued corporate services provided by us and Dean Foods to each
 other following completion of our initial public offering. Our
 services consist primarily of marketing and research and
 development
 while Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; provides supply chain
 information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
 human
 resources
 risk management
 tax
 treasury
 and other transitional
 services. Both Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; and our services continue for a
 specified initial term
 which vary with the types of services
 provided
 unless terminated earlier or extended according to the
 terms of the transition services agreement. We pay Dean Foods
 mutually agreed-upon fees for their services and Dean Foods pays us
 mutually agreed-upon fees for our services. In 2012
 Dean Foods
 charged us $5.4 million and we charged Dean Foods $2.6 million for
 services rendered under the transition services agreement. In 2013
 Dean Foods charged us $19.0 million and we charged Dean Foods $3.0
 million for services rendered under the transition services
 agreement since its effective date. The transition services
 agreement is expected to end in 2014.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Termination of Intellectual Property License
 Agreement&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Historically
 the Company was party to a license agreement
 with Morningstar
 pursuant to which Morningstar had the right to
 use the Company&amp;#x2019;s intellectual property in the manufacture of
 certain products for a fee. For the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 related party license income was recorded
 within operating income in our consolidated statements of
 operations in the amount of $nil million
 $36.0 million
 and $42.7
 million
 respectively.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In conjunction with the license agreement
 a loan agreement
 was entered into
 pursuant to which the Company extended a line of
 credit to Morningstar related to the license income under the
 license agreement. Prior to completion of our initial public
 offering
 there were no repayments of this loan and no future plans
 to settle the outstanding balance; therefore
 the principal and
 associated accrued interest was shown in Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; net
 investment as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011. The interest term
 on the loan to Morningstar was LIBOR plus 2% and recorded in
 interest income in our consolidated statements of operations.
 Interest income for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011 was $nil million
 $6.4 million
 and $6.1 million
 respectively.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In connection with our initial public offering
 we and
 Morningstar agreed to terminate this license agreement and the
 related loan. We no longer receive license income or related
 interest income associated with these historical agreements. In
 addition
 we entered into an agreement and transferred the
 intellectual property subject to the license agreement to
 Morningstar so that Morningstar has the requisite intellectual
 property and manufacturing know-how to produce and sell its
 products and brands. All intellectual property related to and
 necessary for the production of our products and brands was
 retained.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A
 reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal tax rate to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s effective tax rate is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2011&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Tax expense at statutory
 rate of 35%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State income
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign taxes versus U.S.
 statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;SoFine
 write-down&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;U.S. manufacturing
 deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred tax rate
 adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Uncertain tax
 positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Non deductible
 transaction costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Effective tax
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;33.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;We evaluate
 the performance of our segments based on sales and operating income
 or loss before gains and losses on the sale of businesses
 write
 downs related to the wind down of our joint venture
 foreign
 exchange gains and losses
 and income tax. The amounts in the
 following tables are obtained from reports used by our chief
 operating decision maker. There are no significant non-cash items
 reported in segment profit or loss other than depreciation and
 amortization.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The reporting
 segments do not include the costs allocated to us by Dean Foods for
 certain corporate and shared service functions. In addition
 the
 expense related to share-based compensation has not been allocated
 to our segments and is reflected entirely within the caption
 &amp;#x201C;Corporate and other&amp;#x201D;. Related party license income
 further described in Note 18 &amp;#x201C;Related Party
 Transactions
&amp;#x201D; has also been excluded. Therefore
 the measure
 of segment profit or loss presented below is before such
 items.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;2. Summary of
 Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 6px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts
 of the Company and our wholly-owned subsidiaries and reflect the
 elimination of all intercompany accounts and transactions. Our
 former investment in a variable interest entity of which we were
 the primary beneficiary is also consolidated. We reflected the
 remaining portion of the variable interest entity that is not
 wholly-owned as non-controlling interest related to our Hero Group
 (&amp;#x201C;Hero&amp;#x201D;) joint venture.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;All sales and financing transactions with Dean Foods and
 its subsidiaries are considered to be settled for cash in the
 consolidated statement of cash flows at the time the transaction is
 recorded for periods prior to completion of our initial public
 offering. All transactions and balances between us and other
 wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods are reported in the
 consolidated financial statements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of
 Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to use our judgment to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the
 reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates
 under different assumptions or conditions.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and
 Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 cash is comprised of
 cash held in bank accounts. We consider temporary investments with
 an original maturity of three months or less to be cash
 equivalents.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Our
 products are valued using the first-in
 first-out method. The costs
 of finished goods inventories include raw materials
 direct labor
 indirect production
 and overhead costs. Reserves for obsolete or
 excess inventory are not material.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost
 plus
 capitalized interest on borrowings during the actual construction
 period of major capital projects. Expenditures for repairs and
 maintenance that do not improve or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the
 straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 as follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Computer
 software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 8 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Leasehold
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Over&amp;#xA0;the&amp;#xA0;shorter&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;the&amp;#xA0;term&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;the
 applicable&amp;#xA0;lease&amp;#xA0;agreement&amp;#xA0;or&amp;#xA0;useful&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Goodwill
 and Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets have
 resulted from acquisitions. Upon acquisition
 the purchase price is
 first allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities
 including
 customer-related intangible assets and trademarks
 with any
 remaining purchase price recorded as goodwill. Goodwill and
 trademarks with indefinite lives are not amortized.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;A trademark is determined to have an indefinite life if it
 has a history of strong sales and cash flow performance that we
 expect to continue for the foreseeable future. If these perpetual
 trademark criteria are not met
 the trademarks are amortized over
 their expected useful lives. Determining the expected life of a
 trademark is based on a number of factors including the competitive
 environment
 trademark history
 and anticipated future trademark
 support.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Identifiable intangible assets
 other than indefinite-lived
 trademarks
 are typically amortized over the following range of
 estimated useful lives:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer lists and
 relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;15&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Finite-lived
 trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5&amp;#xA0;to 15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In accordance with accounting standards related to goodwill
 and other intangibles assets
 we do not amortize goodwill and other
 intangible assets determined to have indefinite useful lives.
 Instead
 we conduct impairment tests on our goodwill and
 indefinite-lived trademarks annually in the fourth quarter and on
 an interim basis when circumstances indicate that the carrying
 value may not be recoverable. Our reporting units are based on our
 operating segments.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;A qualitative assessment of goodwill was performed in 2013
 and 2012. We assessed economic conditions and industry and market
 considerations
 in addition to the overall financial performance of
 each of our reporting units. Based on the results of our
 assessment
 we determined that it was not more likely than not that
 any of our reporting units had a carrying value in excess of its
 fair value. Accordingly
 no further goodwill impairment testing was
 completed. We did not recognize any impairment charges related to
 goodwill during 2013
 2012
 or 2011.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;A qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangibles
 was performed during 2013. In 2012
 a quantitative assessment of
 indefinite-lived intangibles was performed. We assessed economic
 conditions and industry and market considerations
 in addition to
 the overall financial performance of each trade name. Based on the
 results of our assessment
 we determined that it was not more
 likely than not that any of our trade names had a carrying value in
 excess of its fair value. Accordingly
 no further indefinite-lived
 intangibles impairment testing was completed. We did not recognize
 any impairment charges related to indefinite-lived intangibles
 during 2013
 2012
 or 2011.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Long-lived assets
 including property
 plant
 and equipment
 and definite-lived intangible assets
 are reviewed for impairment
 whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
 carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any
 goodwill impairment test. Recoverability of assets to be held and
 used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset
 to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If
 the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash
 flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which
 the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the
 asset. There were no indicators of impairment
 apart from our asset
 exit and disposal activities recorded in 2013
 of long-lived assets
 identified in 2012 or 2011. See Note 3 &amp;#x201C;Asset Disposal and
 Exit Costs.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Employee
 Benefit Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Prior to the Distribution
 we participated in Dean
 Foods&amp;#x2019; consolidated defined contribution plan and contributed
 to a multiemployer pension plan on behalf of some of our employees.
 Effective upon the Distribution
 the Company implemented its own
 substantially similar employee benefit plans and our employees are
 no longer eligible to participate in Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; plans. We
 also have four separate
 stand-alone defined benefit pension plans
 as a result of the acquisition of Alpro on July&amp;#xA0;2
 2009
 and
 we contribute to one multiemployer pension plan on behalf of
 certain of our North America employees.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of
 defined benefit pension plans as an asset or liability on our
 consolidated balance sheets and recognize changes in the funded
 status in the year in which changes occur
 through accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss). The funded status is measured as
 the difference between the fair value of plan assets and benefit
 obligation (the projected benefit obligation for pension plans).
 Actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs and credits that
 have not been recognized as a component of net periodic benefit
 cost previously are recorded as a component of accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss). Plan assets and obligations are
 measured as of December&amp;#xA0;31 of each year. See Note 15
 &amp;#x201C;Employee Retirement Plans.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We use derivative financial instruments for the purpose of
 hedging commercial risk exposures to fluctuations in interest
 rates
 currency exchange rates and raw materials purchasing. Our
 derivative instruments are recorded in the consolidated balance
 sheets at fair value. For a derivative designated as a cash flow
 hedge
 the effective portion of the derivative&amp;#x2019;s mark to fair
 value is initially reported as a component of accumulated other
 comprehensive earnings and subsequently reclassified into earnings
 when the hedged item affects earnings. The ineffective portion of
 the mark to fair value associated with all hedges is reported in
 earnings immediately. Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge
 accounting are marked to fair value with gains and losses
 immediately recorded in earnings. In the consolidated statements of
 cash flows
 derivative activities are classified based on the items
 being hedged.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Realized gains and losses from hedges are classified in the
 consolidated statements of earnings consistent with the accounting
 treatment of the items being hedged. Upon the early designation of
 an effective derivative contract
 the gains or losses are deferred
 in accumulated other comprehensive earnings until the originally
 hedged item affects earnings. Any gains or losses incurred after
 the designation date are reported in earnings
 immediately.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Share-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;On August&amp;#xA0;7
 2012
 the Dean Foods Compensation
 Committee
 the Dean Foods board of directors
 and our board of
 directors approved the terms of our 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the
 &amp;#x201C;2012 SIP&amp;#x201D;). In connection with our initial public
 offering
 20&amp;#xA0;million shares of our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock
 were reserved for issuance under the 2012 SIP upon the exercise of
 future stock options
 restricted stock units
 or restricted stock
 that will be issued under our employee benefit plans. The purpose
 of the plan is to attract and retain non-employee directors
 executive personnel
 other key employees and consultants to
 motivate them by means of performance related incentives and to
 enable them to participate in our growth and financial success.
 Eligibility to participate in the 2012 SIP is limited to our
 employees (including officers and directors who are employees)
 non-employee directors
 and consultants
 and employees
 non-employee directors
 and consultants of our
 subsidiaries.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Share-based compensation expense is recognized ratably over
 the vesting period based on the grant date fair value. The fair
 value of option awards is estimated at the date of grant using the
 Black-Scholes valuation model. The fair value of restricted stock
 units (&amp;#x201C;RSUs&amp;#x201D;) is equal to the closing price of our
 common stock on the date of the grant. Compensation expense is
 recognized only for equity awards expected to vest. Share-based
 compensation expense is included within general and administrative
 expenses.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Pursuant to the SIP and in connection with our initial
 public offering
 the Company granted equity to certain of our
 executive officers and employees (the &amp;#x201C;IPO Grants&amp;#x201D;).
 Prior to the Distribution
 certain of the Company&amp;#x2019;s employees
 participated in share-based compensation plans sponsored by Dean
 Foods. These plans provided employees with RSUs
 options to
 purchase shares of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; common stock
 and other
 stock-based awards. Given that the Company&amp;#x2019;s employees
 directly benefit from participation in these plans
 the expense
 incurred by Dean Foods for stock and options granted specifically
 to our employees has been reflected in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of operations for years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. These amounts were based on
 the awards and terms previously granted to our employees
 but may
 not reflect the equity awards or results that we would have
 experienced or expect to experience as a stand-alone public
 company. No new grants of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; equity were made to our
 employees after completion of our initial public
 offering.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by 162 of our
 non-employee directors and employees were converted into
 equity-based awards with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock.
 These Dean Foods equity-based awards included Dean Foods stock
 options (whether vested or unvested)
 unvested RSUs and unvested
 Dean Foods restricted stock awards held by our non-employee
 directors on the date of the Distribution. The options to purchase
 Dean Foods common stock held by our directors and employees were
 converted to options to purchase our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock in a
 manner that preserved the life and aggregate intrinsic value in the
 converted stock option and continued the same proportionate
 relationship between the exercise price and the value of our
 Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock as existed with respect to the Dean Foods
 common stock immediately prior to the Distribution. The adjustment
 was effected based on a formula using the volume weighted average
 price of Dean Foods common stock and our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock
 during the five trading day period ended on the second trading day
 preceding the Distribution. The unvested Dean Foods RSUs held by
 our directors and employees were converted to WhiteWave RSUs in a
 manner that
 on a unit-by-unit basis
 preserved the life and
 intrinsic value of each outstanding Dean Foods RSU (determined
 using the same volume weighted average values as described above).
 The unvested Dean Foods phantom shares held by our employees were
 converted to WhiteWave phantom shares in a manner that
 on a
 unit-by-unit basis
 preserved the life and intrinsic value of each
 outstanding Dean Foods phantom share (determined using the same
 volume weighted average values as described above). Dean Foods
 restricted stock awards held by our directors on the date of the
 Distribution were converted into restricted stock awards with
 respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock by (i)&amp;#xA0;applying the
 same volume weighted average values as described above and
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;subtracting any shares of our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock
 and Class B common stock received by our directors in the
 Distribution in respect of such Dean Foods restricted stock awards.
 We did not recognize any incremental expense in connection with the
 conversion of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; equity-based awards into WhiteWave
 awards as all other terms remained the same. See Note 13
 &amp;#x201C;Share-Based Compensation.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 Recognition
 Sales Incentives and Trade Accounts
 Receivable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Sales are recognized when persuasive evidence of an
 arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the product
 has been delivered to the customer
 and there is a reasonable
 assurance of collection of the sales proceeds. Sales are recorded
 net of allowances for returns
 trade promotions
 and other
 discounts. We routinely offer sales incentives and discounts
 through various regional and national programs to our customers and
 to consumers. These programs include rebates
 shelf-price
 reductions
 in-store display incentives
 coupons
 and other trade
 promotional activities. These programs
 as well as amounts paid to
 customers for shelf-space in retail stores
 are considered
 reductions in the price of our products and thus are recorded as
 reductions to gross sales. Some of these incentives are recorded by
 estimating incentive costs based on our historical experience and
 expected levels of performance of the trade promotion. We maintain
 allowances at the end of each period for the estimated incentive
 costs incurred but unpaid for these programs
 which are recorded as
 a reduction in our trade accounts receivable balance. Differences
 between estimated and actual incentive costs are normally not
 material and are recognized in earnings in the period such
 differences are determined.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We generally provide credit terms to customers of net 10
 days
 from invoice date in the U.S. In Europe
 however
 terms vary
 by country. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers
 and maintain allowances for potential credit losses based on our
 historical experience. Bad debt expense associated with
 uncollectible accounts for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 were immaterial. Estimated product returns
 historically have not been material.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Related
 Party Sales and Transitional Sales Fees&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Sales to wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods of raw
 materials and the finished products that we manufacture have been
 reflected as related party sales in our consolidated statements of
 operations through the Distribution date.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In connection with our initial public offering
 we entered
 into an agreement with Morningstar Foods
 LLC
 (&amp;#x201C;Morningstar&amp;#x201D;)
 pursuant to which it transferred back
 to us responsibility for its sales and associated costs of certain
 WhiteWave products. Morningstar remitted to us the cash
 representing the net profit collected from these product sales
 until such time as the sales were transitioned to us. The net
 effect of the agreement is reflected as transitional sales fees in
 our consolidated statements of operations. We also entered into an
 agreement with Morningstar pursuant to which we transferred to
 Morningstar responsibility for the sales and associated costs of
 our aerosol whipped topping and other non-core products. During
 this transition
 we provided certain services to Morningstar which
 included
 but were not limited to
 taking and filling orders
 collecting receivables and shipping products to customers. We
 remitted to Morningstar the net profit associated with these
 product sales until the sales transitioned to Morningstar. See Note
 4 &amp;#x201C;Transactions with Morningstar Foods
 LLC.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising Expense&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We market our products through advertising and other
 promotional activities
 including media and agency. Advertising
 expense is charged to income during the period incurred
 except for
 expenses related to the development of a major commercial or media
 campaign which are charged to income during the period in which the
 advertisement or campaign is first presented to the public.
 Advertising expense totaled $169.5 million
 $172.6&amp;#xA0;million
 and $138.9 million in 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively
 and is
 included in selling and distribution in our consolidated statements
 of operations. Prepaid advertising was $0.3 million and
 $1.3&amp;#xA0;million as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping
 and Handling Fees&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Our shipping and handling costs are included in both cost
 of sales and selling and distribution expense
 depending on the
 nature of such costs. In cost of sales
 we include inventory
 warehouse costs and product loading and handling costs at
 Company-owned facilities. Costs associated with shipping products
 to customers through third-party carriers and third-party inventory
 warehouse costs are included in selling and distribution expense
 and totaled $247.5 million
 $214.1 million
 and $171.9 million in
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Insurance
 Accruals&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We retain selected levels of property and casualty risks
 employee health care and other casualty losses. Many of these
 potential losses are covered under conventional insurance programs
 with third-party carriers with high deductible limits. In other
 areas
 we are self-insured with stop-loss coverage. Accrued
 liabilities for incurred but not reported losses related to these
 retained risks are calculated based upon loss development factors
 which contemplate a number of factors including claims history and
 expected trends. These loss development factors are developed in
 consultation with external insurance brokers and
 actuaries.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 we recorded accrued
 liabilities related to these retained risks in the amounts of $3.0
 million and $1.9 million
 respectively
 including both current and
 long-term liabilities.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Research
 and Development&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Our research and development activities primarily consist
 of generating and testing new product concepts
 new flavors
 and
 packaging and are primarily internal. We expense research and
 development costs as incurred and they primarily relate to
 compensation
 facility costs and purchased research and development
 services
 materials and supplies. Our total research and
 development expense was $13.4 million
 $12.3 million
 and
 $11.1&amp;#xA0;million for 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively. Research
 and development costs are included in general and administrative
 expenses in our consolidated statements of
 operations.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Foreign
 Currency Translation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries are
 translated to U.S. Dollars. The functional currency of our foreign
 subsidiaries is generally the local currency of the country.
 Accordingly
 assets and liabilities of the foreign subsidiaries are
 translated to U.S. Dollars at period-end exchange rates. Income and
 expense items are translated at the average rates prevailing during
 the period. Changes in exchange rates that affect cash flows and
 the related receivables or payables are recognized as transaction
 gains and losses. Our transaction gains and losses are reflected in
 general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements
 of operations. The cumulative translation adjustment in accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss) reflects the unrealized
 adjustments resulting from translating the financial statements of
 our foreign subsidiaries.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income
 Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Our income tax provision has been prepared on a separate
 return basis as if the Company was a stand-alone entity for periods
 prior to the Distribution. Prior to the Distribution
 the Company
 was included in the Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; U.S. consolidated federal
 income tax return and also filed some state income tax returns on a
 combined basis with Dean Foods. For periods subsequent to the
 Distribution
 the Company will file its own U.S. federal and state
 income tax returns. In addition
 as a result of being included in
 the Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; U.S. consolidated federal income tax return
 and Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; payment of domestic taxes
 federal and state
 current income taxes payable for periods prior to the completion of
 our initial public offering on October&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 are included
 in Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; net investment in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of shareholders&amp;#x2019; equity. As part of
 the tax matters agreement with Dean Foods
 the Company has agreed
 to reimburse Dean Foods and Dean Foods has agreed to reimburse the
 Company
 as applicable
 for any pre-Distribution domestic tax
 liabilities that may be redetermined by a taxing authority in the
 future. Foreign income tax liabilities are paid by the Company and
 therefore are included in income taxes payable in the consolidated
 balance sheets. All of our wholly-owned domestic operating
 subsidiaries are included in the preparation of our U.S. federal
 consolidated tax calculation. Our foreign subsidiaries are required
 to file local jurisdiction income tax returns with respect to their
 operations
 the earnings from which are expected to be reinvested
 indefinitely. At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 no provision had been made
 for U.S. federal or state income tax on approximately $123.2
 million of accumulated foreign earnings as they are considered to
 be permanently reinvested outside the U.S. Computation of the
 potential deferred tax liability associated with these
 undistributed earnings and other basis differences is not
 practicable.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences
 between amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements
 and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in
 effect for the years in which the differences are expected to
 reverse. Valuation allowances are recognized to reduce deferred tax
 assets to the amount that will more likely than not be
 realized.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax
 position when it is more likely than not that
 based on technical
 merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including
 resolutions of any related appeals or litigation
 processes.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In July 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-11
 Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating
 Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or Tax Credit Carryforward
 Exists. ASU 2013-11 requires that an unrecognized tax benefit
 or a
 portion of an unrecognized tax benefit
 should be presented in the
 financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a
 net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax
 credit carryforward
 with certain exceptions. ASU 2013-11 is
 effective for the Company in the period beginning January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014 and the Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this
 standard will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In March 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-05
 Foreign Currency Matters (Topic 830)
 clarifying the applicable
 guidance for the release of the cumulative translation adjustment.
 ASU 2013-05 is effective for the Company in the period beginning
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014. The Company does not expect the adoption of
 this update to have a material effect on the consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB amended the disclosure
 requirements regarding the reporting of amounts reclassified out of
 accumulated other comprehensive income. The amendment does not
 change the current requirement for reporting net income or other
 comprehensive income
 but requires additional disclosures about
 items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income
 including changes in balances by component
 significant items
 reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income and the
 income statement line items impacted by the reclassifications. We
 adopted this standard effective January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013. See Note 14
 &amp;#x201C;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss.&amp;#x201D; Other than the
 additional disclosure requirements
 the adoption of this standard
 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In July 2012
 the FASB issued an Accounting Standards
 Update related to &amp;#x201C;Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangibles for
 Impairment.&amp;#x201D; The purpose of the update is to simplify the
 guidance for testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for
 impairment and permits entities to first assess qualitative factors
 to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative
 impairment test. Unless an entity determines
 through its
 qualitative assessment
 that is more likely than not that an
 indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 it would not be
 required to calculate the fair value of the asset. This standard is
 effective for annual and interim impairment tests of
 indefinite-lived intangible assets performed in fiscal years
 beginning after September&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 and early adoption is
 permitted. We adopted this standard as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013 and
 its adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated
 financial statements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The tax
 effects of temporary differences giving rise to deferred income tax
 assets (liabilities) were:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred income tax
 assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Share-based
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Derivative
 instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net operating loss
 carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred income tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;60
385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;52
235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred income tax
 liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(163
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(139
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(108
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(110
414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred income tax
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(271
562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(249
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net deferred income tax
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(211
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(197
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Includes $0.8 million of deferred tax assets related to
 uncertain tax positions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Includes $1.2 million of deferred tax assets related to
 uncertain tax positions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We use derivative financial instruments for the purpose of
 hedging commercial risk exposures to fluctuations in interest
 rates
 currency exchange rates and raw materials purchasing. Our
 derivative instruments are recorded in the consolidated balance
 sheets at fair value. For a derivative designated as a cash flow
 hedge
 the effective portion of the derivative&amp;#x2019;s mark to fair
 value is initially reported as a component of accumulated other
 comprehensive earnings and subsequently reclassified into earnings
 when the hedged item affects earnings. The ineffective portion of
 the mark to fair value associated with all hedges is reported in
 earnings immediately. Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge
 accounting are marked to fair value with gains and losses
 immediately recorded in earnings. In the consolidated statements of
 cash flows
 derivative activities are classified based on the items
 being hedged.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Realized gains and losses from hedges are classified in the
 consolidated statements of earnings consistent with the accounting
 treatment of the items being hedged. Upon the early designation of
 an effective derivative contract
 the gains or losses are deferred
 in accumulated other comprehensive earnings until the originally
 hedged item affects earnings. Any gains or losses incurred after
 the designation date are reported in earnings
 immediately.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Foreign
 Currency Translation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries are
 translated to U.S. Dollars. The functional currency of our foreign
 subsidiaries is generally the local currency of the country.
 Accordingly
 assets and liabilities of the foreign subsidiaries are
 translated to U.S. Dollars at period-end exchange rates. Income and
 expense items are translated at the average rates prevailing during
 the period. Changes in exchange rates that affect cash flows and
 the related receivables or payables are recognized as transaction
 gains and losses. Our transaction gains and losses are reflected in
 general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements
 of operations. The cumulative translation adjustment in accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss) reflects the unrealized
 adjustments resulting from translating the financial statements of
 our foreign subsidiaries.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of
 Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to use our judgment to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the
 reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates
 under different assumptions or conditions.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow
 hedges reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income
 into income were as follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31 
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(Gains)/losses on foreign
 currency contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(Gains)/losses on
 commodities contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Recorded in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of
 operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Recorded in distribution expense or cost of sales
 depending on
 commodity type
 in our consolidated statements of
 operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense consists of the following components:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current income
 taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;34
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;45
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
581&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total current income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;44
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;56
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred income
 taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred income tax
 expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;44
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;56
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;52
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Excludes $0.1 million in income tax expense related to
 discontinued operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Excludes $5.5 million in income tax benefit related to
 discontinued operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.
 Discontinued Operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Hero
 Joint Venture&amp;#x2019;s Discontinued
 Operations&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In the second quarter of 2011
 we began evaluating strategic
 alternatives related to our joint venture with Hero. During the
 third quarter of 2011
 due to continued poor performance by the
 venture and a desire on our part to invest in core operations
 a
 recommendation was made to
 and approved by
 the joint venture
 partners to wind down the joint venture operations during the
 fourth quarter of 2011. In conjunction with this action plan
 we
 wrote down the value of the joint venture&amp;#x2019;s long-lived assets
 to fair value less costs to sell as of September&amp;#xA0;30
 2011. At
 the end of 2012
 the Hero joint venture wind down was completed.
 Our Hero operations have been classified as discontinued operations
 in our consolidated financial statements for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011. The following is a summary of the
 operating results of our discontinued operations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2011&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Operations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
614&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income (loss) before
 income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(33
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax (expense)
 benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income
 (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(27
105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income (loss)
 attributable to non-controlling interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(16
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During 2012 and 2011
 Hero made cash contributions to the joint
 venture of $1.9 and $6.8&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. As part of the
 joint venture wind down in 2012
 we made distributions of $8.0
 million to Hero.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Other
 Discontinued Operations&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During the second quarter of 2010
 we committed to a plan to
 sell the business operations of Rachel&amp;#x2019;s
 which provided
 organic branded dairy-based chilled yogurt
 milk
 and related dairy
 products primarily in the United Kingdom. In September 2011
 we
 recorded an additional gain of $3.6 million on the sale of
 Rachel&amp;#x2019;s as a result of working capital cash settlement
 and
 in 2012
 we recorded tax expense of $0.2 million related to the
 gain on sale of Rachel&amp;#x2019;s. These have been recorded in gain on
 sale of discontinued operations
 net of tax
 in our consolidated
 statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In relation to other prior discontinued operations
 we recorded
 a tax benefit in 2012 of $0.6 million due to the release of a
 liability for an uncertain tax position. This has been recorded in
 gain on sale of discontinued operations in our consolidated
 statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income
 Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Our income tax provision has been prepared on a separate
 return basis as if the Company was a stand-alone entity for periods
 prior to the Distribution. Prior to the Distribution
 the Company
 was included in the Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; U.S. consolidated federal
 income tax return and also filed some state income tax returns on a
 combined basis with Dean Foods. For periods subsequent to the
 Distribution
 the Company will file its own U.S. federal and state
 income tax returns. In addition
 as a result of being included in
 the Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; U.S. consolidated federal income tax return
 and Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; payment of domestic taxes
 federal and state
 current income taxes payable for periods prior to the completion of
 our initial public offering on October&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 are included
 in Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; net investment in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of shareholders&amp;#x2019; equity. As part of
 the tax matters agreement with Dean Foods
 the Company has agreed
 to reimburse Dean Foods and Dean Foods has agreed to reimburse the
 Company
 as applicable
 for any pre-Distribution domestic tax
 liabilities that may be redetermined by a taxing authority in the
 future. Foreign income tax liabilities are paid by the Company and
 therefore are included in income taxes payable in the consolidated
 balance sheets. All of our wholly-owned domestic operating
 subsidiaries are included in the preparation of our U.S. federal
 consolidated tax calculation. Our foreign subsidiaries are required
 to file local jurisdiction income tax returns with respect to their
 operations
 the earnings from which are expected to be reinvested
 indefinitely. At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 no provision had been made
 for U.S. federal or state income tax on approximately $123.2
 million of accumulated foreign earnings as they are considered to
 be permanently reinvested outside the U.S. Computation of the
 potential deferred tax liability associated with these
 undistributed earnings and other basis differences is not
 practicable.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences
 between amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements
 and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in
 effect for the years in which the differences are expected to
 reverse. Valuation allowances are recognized to reduce deferred tax
 assets to the amount that will more likely than not be
 realized.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax
 position when it is more likely than not that
 based on technical
 merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including
 resolutions of any related appeals or litigation
 processes.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising Expense&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We market our products through advertising and other
 promotional activities
 including media and agency. Advertising
 expense is charged to income during the period incurred
 except for
 expenses related to the development of a major commercial or media
 campaign which are charged to income during the period in which the
 advertisement or campaign is first presented to the public.
 Advertising expense totaled $169.5 million
 $172.6&amp;#xA0;million
 and $138.9 million in 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively
 and is
 included in selling and distribution in our consolidated statements
 of operations. Prepaid advertising was $0.3 million and
 $1.3&amp;#xA0;million as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.
 Share-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 August&amp;#xA0;7
 2012
 the Dean Foods Compensation Committee
 the
 Dean Foods board of directors
 and our board of directors approved
 the terms of our 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#x201C;2012
 SIP&amp;#x201D;). In connection with our initial public offering
 20&amp;#xA0;million shares of our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock were
 reserved for issuance under the 2012 SIP upon the exercise of stock
 options
 restricted stock units (&amp;#x201C;RSUs&amp;#x201D;)
 or restricted
 stock awards that may be issued to our employees and non-employee
 directors. The 2012 SIP also includes awards of stock appreciation
 rights (&amp;#x201C;SARs&amp;#x201D;) and phantom shares as part of our
 long-term incentive compensation program. In general
 awards
 granted under the 2012 SIP vest one-third on the first anniversary
 of the grant date
 one-third on the second anniversary of the grant
 date
 and one-third on the third anniversary of the grant date.
 Unvested awards vest immediately upon a change of control and in
 the following additional circumstances: (i)&amp;#xA0;an employee
 retires after reaching the age of 65
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;in certain cases
 upon death or qualified disability
 and (iii)&amp;#xA0;with the
 exception of the awards granted in connection with the initial
 public offering
 an employee with 10 years of service retires after
 reaching the age of 55.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior to the
 Distribution
 certain of the Company&amp;#x2019;s employees participated
 in share-based compensation plans sponsored by Dean Foods. These
 plans provided employees with RSUs
 options to purchase shares of
 Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; common stock
 and other stock-based awards. Given
 that the Company&amp;#x2019;s employees directly benefit from
 participation in these plans
 the expense incurred by Dean Foods
 for stock and options granted specifically to our employees has
 been reflected in the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated statements of
 operations. These amounts were based on the awards and terms
 previously granted to our employees
 but may not reflect the equity
 awards or results that we would have experienced or expect to
 experience as a stand-alone public company. No new grants of Dean
 Foods&amp;#x2019; equity were made to our employees after completion of
 our initial public offering. Prior to completion of the initial
 public offering
 expenses related to the corporate employees of
 Dean Foods were allocated based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s percentage
 of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; total sales and totaled $4.3 million and
 $2.9&amp;#xA0;million for the years ended December 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;For the Dean
 Foods plans
 the share and unit data presented in the tables below
 only reflect the costs that were directly attributable to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s employees and none of the allocated expenses of
 Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; corporate employees. On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in
 connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based
 awards held by 162 of our non-employee directors and employees were
 converted into equity-based awards with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A
 common stock. These Dean Foods equity-based awards included Dean
 Foods stock options (whether vested or unvested)
 unvested RSUs and
 unvested Dean Foods restricted stock awards held by our
 non-employee directors on the date of the Distribution. The options
 to purchase Dean Foods common stock held by our directors and
 employees were converted to options to purchase our Class&amp;#xA0;A
 common stock in a manner that preserved the life and aggregate
 intrinsic value in the converted stock option and continued the
 same proportionate relationship between the exercise price and the
 value of our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock as existed with respect to
 the Dean Foods common stock immediately prior to the Distribution.
 The adjustment was effected based on a formula using the volume
 weighted average price of Dean Foods common stock and our
 Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock during the five trading day period ended
 on the second trading day preceding the Distribution. The unvested
 Dean Foods RSUs held by our directors and employees were converted
 to WhiteWave RSUs in a manner that
 on a unit-by-unit basis
 preserved the life and intrinsic value of each outstanding Dean
 Foods RSU (determined using the same volume weighted average values
 as described above). The unvested Dean Foods phantom shares held by
 our employees were converted to WhiteWave phantom shares in a
 manner that
 on a unit-by-unit basis
 preserved the life and
 intrinsic value of each outstanding Dean Foods phantom share
 (determined using the same volume weighted average values as
 described above). Dean Foods restricted stock awards held by our
 directors on the date of the Distribution were converted into
 restricted stock awards with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common
 stock by (i)&amp;#xA0;applying the same volume weighted average values
 as described above and (ii)&amp;#xA0;subtracting any shares of our
 Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock and Class B common stock received by our
 directors in the Distribution in respect of such Dean Foods
 restricted stock awards. We did not recognize any incremental
 expense in connection with the conversion of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019;
 equity-based awards into WhiteWave awards as all other terms
 remained the same.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;WhiteWave Stock Options&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Under the terms of the 2012 SIP
 our employees may be
 granted options to purchase our common stock at a price equal to
 the market price on the date the option is granted. Our employee
 options vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date
 one-third on the second anniversary of the grant date
 and
 one-third on the third anniversary of the grant
 date.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Share-based compensation expense for stock options is
 recognized ratably over the vesting period. The expense totaled
 $7.4 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The fair value of each option award is
 estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation
 model with the following assumptions:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=3 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected dividend
 yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected option
 term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Risk-free rate of
 return&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.13%&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;1.66%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Since the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock did not have a long
 history of being publicly traded at grant date
 the expected term
 was determined under the simplified method
 using an average of the
 contractual term and vesting period of the stock options. The
 expected volatility assumption was calculated based on a
 compensation peer group analysis of stock price volatility with a
 six-year look back period ending on the grant date. The risk-free
 rates were based on the average implied yield available on
 five-year and seven-year U.S. Treasury issues. We have not paid
 and do not anticipate paying
 a cash dividend on our common
 stock.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes stock option activity during
 the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 exercise&amp;#xA0;price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 contractual&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Options outstanding at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
445
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
254
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Forfeited
 cancelled and
 expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(112
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(775
322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Converted from Dean Foods
 at Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
308
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Options outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
120
585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;69
675
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Options vested and
 expected to vest at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
025
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;68
957
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Options exercisable at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Options exercisable at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
979
943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;34
626
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 options that are
 cancelled expired or forfeited may be available for future
 grants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our
 non-employee directors and employees were converted into
 equity-based awards with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common
 stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes information about options
 outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=38%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options
 outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options
 exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range
 of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 49pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;exercise
 prices&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;br /&gt;
 outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 contractual&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Weighted-average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 exercise price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;br /&gt;
 exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 exercise&amp;#xA0;price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$6.84 to 9.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
180
557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;832
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;11.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
451
962&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;501
150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11.12 to 14.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;440
593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;429
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;15.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
230
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;53
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15.17 to 16.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;677
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;633
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;17.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
416
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;805
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17.19 to 23.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
861
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
861
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23.35 to 27.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
761
502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;25.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
761
502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;25.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;28.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;84
679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;84
679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;$29.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;29.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;29.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
&lt;br /&gt;
 except per share&lt;br /&gt;
 amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted-average grant
 date fair value per share of options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intrinsic value of
 options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of shares
 vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Tax benefit related to
 stock option expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;During the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 we received
 $1.3 million of cash from stock option exercises. At
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 there was $10.2 million of total
 unrecognized stock option expense
 all of which is related to
 non-vested awards. This compensation expense is expected to be
 recognized over the weighted-average remaining vesting period of
 1.47 years.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;WhiteWave RSUs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;RSUs are issued to certain senior employees under the 2012
 SIP as part of the long-term incentive program. An RSU represents
 the right to receive one share of common stock in the future. RSUs
 have no exercise price. RSUs granted to employees vest ratably over
 three years.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes RSU activity during the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;RSUs outstanding
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;674
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;RSUs issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;354
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Shares issued upon
 vesting of RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(186
992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;RSUs cancelled or
 forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(59
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;RSUs converted from Dean
 Foods at Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;464
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;RSUs outstanding at
 December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
247
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average grant
 date fair value per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 employees have the
 option of forfeiting RSUs to cover their minimum statutory tax
 withholding when shares are issued. RSUs that are cancelled or
 forfeited may be available for future grants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our
 non-employee directors and employees were converted into
 equity-based awards with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common
 stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes information about our RSU
 grants and related tax benefit during the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands
&amp;#xA0;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted-average grant
 date fair value per RSU granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Tax benefit related to
 RSU expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Compensation expense for RSUs is recognized ratably over
 the vesting period. RSU expense totaled $7.3&amp;#xA0;million and $0.6
 million for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012. At
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 there was $11.0 million of total
 unrecognized RSU expense
 all of which is related to unvested
 awards. This compensation expense is expected to be recognized over
 the weighted-average remaining vesting period of
 1.7&amp;#xA0;years.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;WhiteWave Phantom Shares&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We grant phantom shares under the 2012 SIP as part of our
 long-term incentive compensation program
 which are similar to RSUs
 in that they are based on the price of WhiteWave stock and vest
 ratably over a three-year period
 but are cash-settled based upon
 the value of WhiteWave stock at each vesting period. The fair value
 of the awards is re-measured at each reporting period. Compensation
 expense is recognized ratably over the vesting period
 which is
 recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated
 statement of operations. The expense totaled $3.0 and $0.2 million
 for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
 A corresponding liability has been recorded in current and
 long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet totaling
 $4.8 million and $2.7 million as of December 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The 2013 cash settlement of WhiteWave phantom shares
 was $4.1 million. The following table summarizes the phantom share
 activity during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Weighted-average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 grant&amp;#xA0;date&amp;#xA0;fair&amp;#xA0; value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;per
 share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;225
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;214
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15.24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Converted/paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(80
761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(45
128&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Converted from Dean Foods
 at Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;256
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;571
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods phantom awards held by our employees
 were converted into phantom awards with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A
 common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;WhiteWave Stock Appreciation Rights
 (&amp;#x201C;SARs&amp;#x201D;)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We grant SARs under the 2012 SIP as part of our long-term
 incentive compensation program
 which are similar to stock options
 in that they are based on the price of WhiteWave stock and vest
 ratably over a three-year period
 but are cash-settled based upon
 the value of WhiteWave stock at the exercise date.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The fair value of each SAR is estimated on the date of
 grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the following
 assumptions:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=3 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected dividend
 yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected option
 term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Risk-free rate of
 return&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.13%&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;1.66%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Since the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock did not have a long
 history of being publicly traded at grant date
 the expected
 volatility assumption was calculated based on a compensation peer
 group analysis of stock price volatility with a six-year look back
 period ending on the grant date. The risk-free rates were based on
 the average implied yield available on five-year and seven-year
 U.S. Treasury issues. The Company does not anticipate paying a cash
 dividend on its common stock.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The fair value of the awards is re-measured at each
 reporting period. Compensation expense is recognized over the
 vesting period
 which is recorded in general and administrative
 expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. The expense
 totaled $0.9 million and $0.1 million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. A corresponding
 liability has been recorded in current liabilities in our
 consolidated balance sheet totaling $0.9 million and $0.1 million
 as of December 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The following table
 summarizes SAR activity during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 SARs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 exercise&amp;#xA0;price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 contractual&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 intrinsic&amp;#xA0;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;SARs outstanding at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;211
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;82
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Forfeited and
 cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;SARs outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;293
693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
896
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;SARs vested and expected
 to vest at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;287
247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
853
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;SARs exercisable at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;SARs exercisable at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;70
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;418
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 SARs that are cancelled
 or forfeited may be available for future grants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Dean
 Foods Stock Options&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Under the terms of the Dean Foods stock option plan
 the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s employees were granted options to purchase Dean
 Foods&amp;#x2019; common stock at a price equal to the market price on
 the date the option was granted. In general
 Dean Foods&amp;#x2019;
 employee options vest one-third on the first anniversary of the
 grant date
 one-third on the second anniversary of the grant date
 and one-third on the third anniversary of the grant date. All
 unvested options vest immediately upon a change of control and in
 the following additional circumstances: (i)&amp;#xA0;an employee with
 10&amp;#xA0;years of service retires after reaching the age of 55
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;an employee retires after reaching the age of 65
 and
 (iii)&amp;#xA0;in certain cases upon death or qualified
 disability.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Share-based compensation expense for stock options is
 recognized ratably over the vesting period. The expense totaled
 $1.0 million
 $1.2 million
 and $1.7 million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively. The fair
 value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using
 the Black-Scholes valuation model with the following
 assumptions:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=5 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;44%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;41%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected dividend
 yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected option
 term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Risk-free rate of
 return&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.62%&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;0.89%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.32%&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;2.30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Dean Foods did not grant any Dean Foods stock options to
 WhiteWave non-employee directors
 executive officers
 and employees
 during 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The expected term of the options represents the estimated
 period of time until exercise and is based on historical experience
 of similar awards
 giving consideration to contractual terms
 (generally 10 years)
 vesting schedules
 and expectations of future
 employee behavior. Expected stock price volatility is based on a
 consolidation of historical volatility of Dean Foods stock and
 expectations with regard to future volatility. The risk-free rates
 are based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury
 zero-coupon issues with an equivalent remaining term. Prior to
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 Dean Foods had not historically declared or
 paid a regular cash dividend on its common stock.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes stock option activity during
 the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 exercise&amp;#xA0;price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 contractual&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Options outstanding at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
845
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Forfeited and
 cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(227
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(111
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;

 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
135
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Converted to WhiteWave
 stock options at Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7
642
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Options outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Options vested and
 expected to vest at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Options exercisable at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
637
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
133
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Options exercisable at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Transferred options are attributable to employees that
 transferred to or from Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; divisions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our
 non-employee directors and employees were converted into
 equity-based awards with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common
 stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes additional information
 regarding stock option activity for our direct participants in the
 Dean Foods plan:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except
 per share&lt;br /&gt;
 amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted-average grant
 date fair value per share of options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intrinsic value of
 options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of shares
 vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Tax benefit related to
 stock option expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;646&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Dean Foods did not grant any Dean Foods stock options to
 WhiteWave non-employee directors
 executive officers
 and employees
 during 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;During the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 Dean Foods
 received $1.5 million of cash from stock option exercises by our
 direct participants in the Dean Foods incentive compensation
 plans.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Dean
 Foods RSUs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;RSUs are issued to certain senior employees as part of the
 long-term incentive program. An RSU represents the right to receive
 one share of common stock in the future. RSUs have no exercise
 price. RSUs granted to employees generally vest ratably over three
 years. All unvested RSUs vest immediately upon a change in control
 and in the following additional circumstances: (i)&amp;#xA0;an employee
 with 10 years of service retires after reaching the age of 55
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;an employee retires after reaching the age of 65
 and
 (iii)&amp;#xA0;in certain cases upon death or qualified
 disability.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes RSU activity during the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=83%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;RSUs outstanding
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;786
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;RSUs issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;RSUs cancelled or
 forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(60
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Shares issued upon
 vesting of RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(352
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;RSUs
 transferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;33
636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;RSUs converted to
 WhiteWave RSUs at Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(427
482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;RSUs outstanding at
 December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Transferred RSUs are attributable to employees that
 transferred to or from Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; divisions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our
 non-employee directors and employees were converted into
 equity-based awards with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common
 stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes information about our RSU
 grants and related tax benefit during the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except
 per share&lt;br /&gt;
 amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted-average grant
 date fair value per RSU granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Tax benefit related to
 RSU expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;RSU expense totaled $1.7 million
 $3.1 million
 and $3.5
 million for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Dean
 Foods Phantom Shares&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In 2011
 Dean Foods began granting phantom shares as part
 of its long-term incentive compensation program
 which are similar
 to RSUs in that they are based on the price of Dean Foods stock and
 vest ratably over a three-year period
 but are cash-settled based
 upon the value of Dean Foods stock at each vesting period. All
 unvested phantom shares vest immediately upon a change of control
 and in the following additional circumstances: (i)&amp;#xA0;an employee
 with 10 years of service retires after reaching the age of 55
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;an employee retires after reaching the age of 65
 and
 (iii)&amp;#xA0;in certain cases upon death or qualified disability. The
 fair value of the awards is re-measured at each reporting period.
 Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period
 which
 is recorded in general and administrative expenses in the
 consolidated statements of operations. The expense totaled $3.6
 million and $2.4 million for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. In the period subsequent to completion of
 our initial public offering
 a corresponding liability has been
 recorded in other current liabilities in our consolidated balance
 sheet. In periods prior to completion of our initial public
 offering
 a liability related to these units has not been reflected
 in the consolidated balance sheets as the payout was to be funded
 by Dean Foods. The following table summarizes the phantom share
 activity during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Weighted-average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 grant&amp;#xA0;date&amp;#xA0;fair&amp;#xA0;value&lt;br /&gt;
 per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;397
618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Converted/paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(156
247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;

 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Converted to WhiteWave
 phantom shares at Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(236
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Transferred phantom shares are attributable to employees
 that transferred to or from Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; divisions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods phantom awards held by our employees
 were converted into phantom awards with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A
 common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Dean
 Foods Cash Performance Units&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In 2010
 Dean Foods began granting cash performance units
 (&amp;#x201C;CPUs&amp;#x201D;) to employees as part of its long-term
 incentive compensation program under the terms of the 2007 Plan.
 The CPU awards are cash-settled awards and are designed to link
 compensation of certain executive officers and other key employees
 to Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; performance over a three-year period. The
 performance metric
 as defined in the awards
 is the performance of
 the Dean Foods stock price relative to that of a peer group of
 companies. The range of payout under the awards is between 0% and
 200% and is payable in cash at the end of each respective
 performance period. The fair value of the awards is measured at
 each reporting period. Compensation expense related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s direct employees is recognized over the vesting
 period which is recorded in general and administrative expenses in
 the consolidated statements of operations. The expense totaled $nil
 million
 $1.3 million and $0.2 million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 respectively. In the fourth
 quarter of 2012
 the Company recorded a $0.6 million credit to
 expense due to a reduction of the payout assumption related to the
 2010 awards. In the period subsequent to completion of our initial
 public offering
 a corresponding liability has been recorded in
 other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. In
 periods prior to completion of our initial public offering
 a
 liability related to these units has not been reflected in the
 consolidated balance sheets as the payout was to be funded by Dean
 Foods.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In connection with our initial public offering
 Dean Foods
 valued the 2011 and 2012 CPU awards for our executives based on
 performance as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 instead of at the end of
 the originally scheduled 36-month performance periods. The cash
 value of these awards was paid out on a prorated basis during the
 year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes CPU activity with respect to
 the 2011 and 2012 CPU during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.
 There were no cash awards prior to 2010 related to our
 employees.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at January 1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
105
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Converted/paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
105
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Transferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at December
 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Share-Based Compensation Expense&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes the share-based compensation
 expense recognized for the Company&amp;#x2019;s direct participants in
 the Dean Foods long-term incentive compensation plan in periods
 prior to completion of our initial public offering:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Share-based compensation
 expense funded by Dean Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dean Foods stock
 options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dean Foods
 RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dean Foods
 CPUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dean Foods phantom
 shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total share-based
 compensation expense funded by Dean Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes the share-based compensation
 expense recognized for the Company&amp;#x2019;s direct participants in
 the Dean Foods equity classified plans
 as well as expense related
 to the Company&amp;#x2019;s equity classified plans
 in periods after
 the completion of our initial public offering:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Share-based compensation
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dean Foods stock
 options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dean Foods
 RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dean Foods phantom
 shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dean Foods
 CPUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;WhiteWave stock
 options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;WhiteWave RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;WhiteWave phantom
 shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;WhiteWave SARs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total share-based
 compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Share-based compensation expense shown above for the Dean
 Foods equity plans reflect expenses for those legacy plans that
 have converted to equivalent WhiteWave equity plans upon the
 spin-off transaction.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.
 Transactions with Morningstar Foods
 LLC
 (&amp;#x201C;Morningstar&amp;#x201D;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 January&amp;#xA0;3
 2013 Dean Foods sold its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Morningstar to an unaffiliated third party
 and therefore
 Morningstar is no longer considered a related party. In connection
 with this sale
 we modified certain of the commercial agreements
 between us and Morningstar. These modifications
 with the exception
 of the Morningstar Asset Purchase Agreement
 are primarily timing
 modifications and will not have a material impact on our results of
 operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;

 Agreement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In connection
 with Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; sale of Morningstar
 we agreed to terminate
 an option to purchase plant capacity and property at a Morningstar
 facility
 sell to Morningstar certain manufacturing equipment used
 to produce certain WhiteWave products
 and execute certain other
 transactions. The agreement was executed on December&amp;#xA0;2
 2012
 but became effective on January&amp;#xA0;3
 2013
 immediately prior to
 the completion of Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; sale of Morningstar
 and we
 received proceeds of $60 million as consideration. This transaction
 was accounted for as a contribution to equity and a purchase by
 Dean Foods. The proceeds were used to repay a portion of the
 outstanding balance under the senior secured credit
 facilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Transitional Sales Agreements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In connection
 with and effective as of our initial public offering
 we entered
 into an agreement with Morningstar
 a then wholly-owned Dean Foods
 subsidiary
 pursuant to which Morningstar transferred back to us
 responsibility for sales and associated costs of certain WhiteWave
 products over a term of up to nine months after the completion of
 the Morningstar sale. During the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 Morningstar provided certain transitional services to us which
 included
 but were not limited to
 taking and filling orders
 collecting receivables
 and shipping products to our customers.
 Morningstar remitted to us the cash representing the net profit
 collected from these product sales until such time as the sales
 transitioned to us. The net effect of the agreement is reflected as
 transitional sales fees of $1.5 million in our consolidated
 statement of operations for the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.
 The sales transition was substantially completed during the early
 part of the second quarter of 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;We also
 entered into an agreement with Morningstar pursuant to which we
 transferred to Morningstar responsibility for the sales and
 associated costs of our aerosol whipped topping and other non-core
 products. Per the agreement
 we provided certain transitional
 services to Morningstar which included
 but were not limited to
 taking and filling orders
 collecting receivables and shipping
 products to customers. We remitted to Morningstar the net profit
 associated with these product sales until such time as the sales
 were transitioned to Morningstar. The net fees remitted for the
 year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 were $0.7 million. The services
 transition was substantially completed during the early part of the
 second quarter of 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 Recognition
 Sales Incentives and Trade Accounts
 Receivable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Sales are recognized when persuasive evidence of an
 arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the product
 has been delivered to the customer
 and there is a reasonable
 assurance of collection of the sales proceeds. Sales are recorded
 net of allowances for returns
 trade promotions
 and other
 discounts. We routinely offer sales incentives and discounts
 through various regional and national programs to our customers and
 to consumers. These programs include rebates
 shelf-price
 reductions
 in-store display incentives
 coupons
 and other trade
 promotional activities. These programs
 as well as amounts paid to
 customers for shelf-space in retail stores
 are considered
 reductions in the price of our products and thus are recorded as
 reductions to gross sales. Some of these incentives are recorded by
 estimating incentive costs based on our historical experience and
 expected levels of performance of the trade promotion. We maintain
 allowances at the end of each period for the estimated incentive
 costs incurred but unpaid for these programs
 which are recorded as
 a reduction in our trade accounts receivable balance. Differences
 between estimated and actual incentive costs are normally not
 material and are recognized in earnings in the period such
 differences are determined.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We generally provide credit terms to customers of net 10
 days
 from invoice date in the U.S. In Europe
 however
 terms vary
 by country. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers
 and maintain allowances for potential credit losses based on our
 historical experience. Bad debt expense associated with
 uncollectible accounts for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 were immaterial. Estimated product returns
 historically have not been material.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The gross
 carrying amount and accumulated amortization of our intangible
 assets other than goodwill as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=42%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;br /&gt;
 carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;br /&gt;
 carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intangible assets with
 indefinite lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=9&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;

 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;354
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;354
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;350
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;350
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intangible assets with
 finite lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer-related and
 other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;39
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(17
826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;37
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(14
714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
930&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(962&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;394
716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(18
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;375
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;389
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;373
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;The increase in the carrying amount of intangible assets
 with indefinite lives is the result of foreign currency translation
 adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Related
 Party Sales and Transitional Sales Fees&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Sales to wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods of raw
 materials and the finished products that we manufacture have been
 reflected as related party sales in our consolidated statements of
 operations through the Distribution date.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In connection with our initial public offering
 we entered
 into an agreement with Morningstar Foods
 LLC
 (&amp;#x201C;Morningstar&amp;#x201D;)
 pursuant to which it transferred back
 to us responsibility for its sales and associated costs of certain
 WhiteWave products. Morningstar remitted to us the cash
 representing the net profit collected from these product sales
 until such time as the sales were transitioned to us. The net
 effect of the agreement is reflected as transitional sales fees in
 our consolidated statements of operations. We also entered into an
 agreement with Morningstar pursuant to which we transferred to
 Morningstar responsibility for the sales and associated costs of
 our aerosol whipped topping and other non-core products. During
 this transition
 we provided certain services to Morningstar which
 included
 but were not limited to
 taking and filling orders
 collecting receivables and shipping products to customers. We
 remitted to Morningstar the net profit associated with these
 product sales until the sales transitioned to Morningstar. See Note
 4 &amp;#x201C;Transactions with Morningstar Foods
 LLC.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Information
 regarding our contributions to our multiemployer pension plan is
 shown in the table below. There are no changes that materially
 affected the comparability of our contributions to the plan during
 the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011 (in
 thousands).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employer&lt;br /&gt;
 identification&lt;br /&gt;
 number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 plan&lt;br /&gt;
 number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;The&amp;#xA0;WhiteWave&amp;#xA0;Foods&amp;#xA0;Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Surcharge&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;imposed&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 44pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 fund&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2011&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Western Conference of
 Teamsters Pension Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;91-6145047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
658&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Identifiable intangible assets
 other than indefinite-lived
 trademarks
 are typically amortized over the following range of
 estimated useful lives:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer lists and
 relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;15&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Finite-lived
 trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5&amp;#xA0;to 15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The last
 column in the table lists the expiration date of the
 collective-bargaining agreement to which the plan is
 subject.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=31%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 44pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 fund&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employer&lt;br /&gt;
 identification&lt;br /&gt;
 number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 plan&lt;br /&gt;
 number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=3 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;PPA Zone
 status&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;FIP/RP&amp;#xA0;status&lt;br /&gt;
 pending/&lt;br /&gt;
 implemented&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Extended&lt;br /&gt;
 amortization&lt;br /&gt;
 provisions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expiration&lt;br /&gt;
 date of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;associated&lt;br /&gt;
 collective-&lt;br /&gt;
 bargaining&lt;br /&gt;
 agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Western Conference of
 Teamsters Pension Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;91-6145047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Green&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Green&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;March&amp;#xA0;1
&amp;#xA0;2015&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;January&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 156px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;We are party to one collective bargaining agreement in
 this multiemployer Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan
 which requires contributions. We are also party to two other
 collective bargaining agreements whose defined contribution plans
 are 401(k) plans that require matching contributions. These
 agreements cover a large number of employee participants and expire
 on various dates between 2014 and 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Insurance
 Accruals&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;We retain selected levels of property and casualty risks
 employee health care and other casualty losses. Many of these
 potential losses are covered under conventional insurance programs
 with third-party carriers with high deductible limits. In other
 areas
 we are self-insured with stop-loss coverage. Accrued
 liabilities for incurred but not reported losses related to these
 retained risks are calculated based upon loss development factors
 which contemplate a number of factors including claims history and
 expected trends. These loss development factors are developed in
 consultation with external insurance brokers and
 actuaries.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 we recorded accrued
 liabilities related to these retained risks in the amounts of $3.0
 million and $1.9 million
 respectively
 including both current and
 long-term liabilities.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A summary of
 our key actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic
 benefit cost for 2013
 2012
 and 2011 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average discount
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected return on
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 2%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In July 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-11
 Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating
 Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or Tax Credit Carryforward
 Exists. ASU 2013-11 requires that an unrecognized tax benefit
 or a
 portion of an unrecognized tax benefit
 should be presented in the
 financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a
 net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax
 credit carryforward
 with certain exceptions. ASU 2013-11 is
 effective for the Company in the period beginning January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014 and the Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this
 standard will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In March 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-05
 Foreign Currency Matters (Topic 830)
 clarifying the applicable
 guidance for the release of the cumulative translation adjustment.
 ASU 2013-05 is effective for the Company in the period beginning
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014. The Company does not expect the adoption of
 this update to have a material effect on the consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB amended the disclosure
 requirements regarding the reporting of amounts reclassified out of
 accumulated other comprehensive income. The amendment does not
 change the current requirement for reporting net income or other
 comprehensive income
 but requires additional disclosures about
 items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income
 including changes in balances by component
 significant items
 reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income and the
 income statement line items impacted by the reclassifications. We
 adopted this standard effective January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013. See Note 14
 &amp;#x201C;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss.&amp;#x201D; Other than the
 additional disclosure requirements
 the adoption of this standard
 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;In July 2012
 the FASB issued an Accounting Standards
 Update related to &amp;#x201C;Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangibles for
 Impairment.&amp;#x201D; The purpose of the update is to simplify the
 guidance for testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for
 impairment and permits entities to first assess qualitative factors
 to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative
 impairment test. Unless an entity determines
 through its
 qualitative assessment
 that is more likely than not that an
 indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 it would not be
 required to calculate the fair value of the asset. This standard is
 effective for annual and interim impairment tests of
 indefinite-lived intangible assets performed in fiscal years
 beginning after September&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 and early adoption is
 permitted. We adopted this standard as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013 and
 its adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated
 financial statements.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 tables present sales amounts by product categories:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total net
 sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plant-based food and
 beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;627
716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;549
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;452
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Coffee creamers and
 beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;913
517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;818
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;692
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Premium dairy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;582
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;552
837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;512
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North America net
 sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
123
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
921
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
657
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plant-based food and
 beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;418
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;367
994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;368
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total net
 sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
542
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
289
438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
025
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A summary of
 our key actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit obligations
 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average discount
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following is a summary of the operating results of our
 discontinued operations:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;em&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2011&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Operations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
614&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income (loss) before income
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(33
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income tax (expense)
 benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income
 (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(27
105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income (loss)
 attributable to non-controlling interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(16
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;3. Asset
 Disposal and Exit Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During the
 fourth quarter of 2013
 management approved a plan to sell the
 operations of SoFine Foods BV (&amp;#x201C;SoFine&amp;#x201D;)
 a
 wholly-owned subsidiary that operates a soy-based meat-alternatives
 business in the Netherlands. Management&amp;#x2019;s intention to pursue
 a sale is based on the strategic decision to exit this non-core
 business of the Europe segment. As a result
 a write-down of $9.8
 million was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2013. This charge is
 included in asset disposal and exit costs in our consolidated
 statements of operations. SoFine&amp;#x2019;s assets and liabilities are
 included in the Europe segment and the fair value was determined
 based on the estimated selling price
 less cost to sell. The
 disposition of the SoFine business is expected to be completed in
 the next 60&amp;#xA0;days. The net assets and liabilities held for sale
 and operating results of SoFine are immaterial.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During the
 third quarter of 2013
 management approved a plan to sell the
 assets of its dairy farm located in Idaho. Management&amp;#x2019;s
 decision to pursue a sale is based on the strategic decision to
 focus on North America&amp;#x2019;s core processing
 marketing and
 distribution capabilities. The assets were classified as held for
 sale at $40.5&amp;#xA0;million representing their fair value
 net of
 estimated costs to sell
 as of September&amp;#xA0;30
 2013. As a
 result
 a non-cash write-down of $7.4 million was recorded during
 the third quarter of 2013. This charge is included in asset
 disposal and exit costs in our consolidated statements of
 operations. The Idaho dairy farm assets were included in the North
 America segment and the fair value was determined based on the
 estimated selling price
 less cost to sell.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In the fourth
 quarter of 2013
 in conjunction with the final sale of the Idaho
 dairy farm
 we recorded an additional write-down of $3.7 million
 for a total impairment charge of $11.1 million included in asset
 disposal and exit costs in our consolidated statement of
 operations. Cash received at time of sale was $31.0 million
 net of
 disposal costs. In addition
 we recorded a note receivable for $6.4
 million which is expected to be collected in the first half of
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In addition
 we recorded a charge of $3.3 million related to lease liabilities
 severance and related costs in connection with the Idaho dairy farm
 sale. This charge is included in asset disposal and exit costs in
 our consolidated statement of operations and relate to our North
 America segment. Liabilities recorded and the changes therein for
 year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Costs&lt;br /&gt;
 incurred&amp;#xA0;and&lt;br /&gt;
 charged to&lt;br /&gt;
 expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Costs&amp;#xA0;paid&amp;#xA0;or&lt;br /&gt;
 otherwise&lt;br /&gt;
 settled&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Lease
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Severance and related
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;These
 balances reflect our total estimated future cash payments. We
 expect cash payments for the lease liability and severance and
 related costs to be completed in the next 12 months.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The net
 deferred income tax assets (liabilities) shown above are classified
 in our consolidated balance sheets as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Noncurrent
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(237
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(218
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(211
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(197
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;A summary of our derivative assets and liabilities measured
 at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and
 2012 is as follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Asset&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Commodities contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$1
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$1
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Liability&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Liability&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Interest rate swap
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as
 of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Asset&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Commodities contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Liability&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Liability&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Interest rate swap
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
&lt;br /&gt;
 except per share&lt;br /&gt;
 amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average grant date
 fair value per share of options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intrinsic value of options
 exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value of shares
 vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax benefit related to
 stock option expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;



 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 our retirement plans expenses were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;

 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Defined benefit
 plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Defined contribution
 plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Multiemployer pension and
 certain union plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
658&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method
 over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 as
 follows:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Computer
 software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 8 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Leasehold
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Over&amp;#xA0;the&amp;#xA0;shorter&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;the&amp;#xA0;term&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;the
 applicable&amp;#xA0;lease&amp;#xA0;agreement&amp;#xA0;or&amp;#xA0;useful&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the
 projected benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets for
 the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 and the funded
 status of the plans at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 is as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Change in Benefit
 Obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at
 beginning of the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan
 amendments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial
 (gain)/loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expenses paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exchange rate
 changes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefit obligation
 end
 of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Change in Plan
 Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actual return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Employer contributions to
 plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expenses paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exchange rate
 changes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan
 assets
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Funded status at end of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes stock option activity during
 the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 exercise&amp;#xA0;price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 contractual&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options outstanding at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
445
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
254
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited
 cancelled and
 expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(112
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(775
322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Converted from Dean Foods
 at Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
308
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
120
585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;69
675
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options vested and expected
 to vest at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
025
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;68
957
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options exercisable at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options exercisable at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
979
943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
626
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 options that are cancelled
 expired or forfeited may be available for future grants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our non-employee
 directors and employees were converted into equity-based awards
 with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes information about options
 outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=38%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options
 outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options
 exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 49pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;exercise
 prices&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;br /&gt;
 outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 contractual&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Weighted-average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 exercise price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;br /&gt;
 exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 exercise&amp;#xA0;price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$6.84 to 9.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
180
557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;832
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;11.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
451
962&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;501
150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.12 to 14.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;440
593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;429
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;15.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
230
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;53
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15.17 to 16.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;677
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;633
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;17.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
416
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;805
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.19 to 23.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
861
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
861
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23.35 to 27.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
761
502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
761
502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;28.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;84
679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;84
679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;$29.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes RSU activity during the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;RSUs outstanding
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;674
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;RSUs issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;354
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shares issued upon vesting
 of RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(186
992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;RSUs cancelled or
 forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(59
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;RSUs converted from Dean
 Foods at Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;464
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;RSUs outstanding at
 December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
247
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average grant date
 fair value per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 employees have the option of
 forfeiting RSUs to cover their minimum statutory tax withholding
 when shares are issued. RSUs that are cancelled or forfeited may be
 available for future grants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our non-employee
 directors and employees were converted into equity-based awards
 with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes SAR activity during the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 SARs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 exercise&amp;#xA0;price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 contractual&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 intrinsic&amp;#xA0;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;SARs outstanding at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;211
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;82
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited and
 cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;SARs outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;293
693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
896
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;SARs vested and expected to
 vest at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;287
247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
853
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;SARs exercisable at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;SARs exercisable at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;70
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;418
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 SARs that are cancelled or
 forfeited may be available for future grants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The fair value of each option award is estimated on the
 date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the
 following assumptions&lt;/em&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=3 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected dividend
 yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected option
 term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free rate of
 return&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.13%&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;1.66%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The fair value of each SAR is estimated on the date of
 grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the following
 assumptions:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=3 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected dividend
 yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected option
 term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free rate of
 return&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.13%&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;1.66%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes information about our RSU
 grants and related tax benefit during the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands
&amp;#xA0;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average grant date
 fair value per RSU granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax benefit related to RSU
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes the phantom share activity
 during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Weighted-average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 grant&amp;#xA0;date&amp;#xA0;fair&amp;#xA0; value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;per
 share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;225
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;214
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15.24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Converted/paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(80
761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(45
128&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Converted from Dean Foods
 at Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;256
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;571
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods phantom awards held by our employees were converted
 into phantom awards with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common
 stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 one-third on the second anniversary of the grant date

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes stock option activity during
 the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 exercise&amp;#xA0;price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 contractual&amp;#xA0;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options outstanding at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
845
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited and
 cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(227
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(111
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;

 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
135
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Converted to WhiteWave
 stock options at Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
642
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options vested and expected
 to vest at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options exercisable at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
637
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
133
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options exercisable at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Transferred options are attributable to employees that
 transferred to or from Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; divisions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our non-employee
 directors and employees were converted into equity-based awards
 with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes RSU activity during the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=83%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;RSUs outstanding
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;786
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;RSUs issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;RSUs cancelled or
 forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(60
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shares issued upon vesting
 of RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(352
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;RSUs
 transferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33
636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;RSUs converted to WhiteWave
 RSUs at Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(427
482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;RSUs outstanding at
 December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Transferred RSUs are attributable to employees that transferred
 to or from Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; divisions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our non-employee
 directors and employees were converted into equity-based awards
 with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;




 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes the share-based compensation
 expense recognized for the Company&amp;#x2019;s direct participants in
 the Dean Foods long-term incentive compensation plan in periods
 prior to completion of our initial public offering:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Share-based compensation
 expense funded by Dean Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dean Foods stock
 options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dean Foods RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dean Foods CPUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dean Foods phantom
 shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total share-based
 compensation expense funded by Dean Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The fair value of each option award is estimated on the
 date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the
 following assumptions:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=5 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected dividend
 yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected option
 term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free rate of
 return&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.62%&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;0.89%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.32%&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;2.30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Dean Foods did not grant any Dean Foods stock options to
 WhiteWave non-employee directors
 executive officers
 and employees
 during 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes additional information
 regarding stock option activity for our direct participants in the
 Dean Foods plan:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except
 per share&lt;br /&gt;
 amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average grant date
 fair value per share of options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intrinsic value of options
 exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value of shares
 vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax benefit related to
 stock option expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;646&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Dean Foods did not grant any Dean Foods stock options to
 WhiteWave non-employee directors
 executive officers
 and employees
 during 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes CPU activity with respect to
 the 2011 and 2012 CPU during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.
 There were no cash awards prior to 2010 related to our
 employees.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at January 1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
105
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Converted/paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6
105
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Transferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes information about our RSU
 grants and related tax benefit during the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in thousands
 except
 per share&lt;br /&gt;
 amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average grant date
 fair value per RSU granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax benefit related to RSU
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table summarizes the phantom share activity
 during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Weighted-average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 grant&amp;#xA0;date&amp;#xA0;fair&amp;#xA0;value&lt;br /&gt;
 per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;397
618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Converted/paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(156
247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;

 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Converted to WhiteWave
 phantom shares at Distribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(236
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Transferred phantom shares are attributable to employees that
 transferred to or from Dean Foods&amp;#x2019; divisions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods phantom awards held by our employees were converted
 into phantom awards with respect to our Class&amp;#xA0;A common
 stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  


  

 Dean Foods&apos; employee  options vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date
 one-third on  the second anniversary of the grant date

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  

  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 one-third on the second  anniversary of the grant date

  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table presents a summary of the Deferred
 Compensation Plan assets measured at fair value on a recurring
 basis as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mutual Funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$4
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$4
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table presents a summary of the SERP assets
 measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Money Market&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$1
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4% align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;em&gt;The following table presents a summary of the SERP assets
 measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as of&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Money Market&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$1
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




















  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2013-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2013-01-31
  xmlns:wwav=http://www.whitewave.com/20131231
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2012-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2013-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2013-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.whitewave.com/20131231




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Geographic

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Geographic

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant
 and Equipment - Components of Property

        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        





































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink






    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    
    


    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    




    




    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    






    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operations



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    
    


    





 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Option



    

 Option



    

 Balance Sheet Location



    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups



    

 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 accrued expenses



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    



 excluding goodwill

    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    

 net of tax of ($316)



    
    


    




    


    


    
    

 net of tax of ($480)



    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 plant



    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    




    




    

 $0.01 par value; 170
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding at December 31



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    

 Plant



    

 plant and equipment



    




    




    

 plant
 and equipment


 plant and equipment



    

 Plant



    
    

 Plant



    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    

 plant and equipment



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 net of allowance of $1
345 and $1



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    

 severance charge and related cost



    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Geographic



    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    






    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    
    
    


    






    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    

 Weighted average exercise price



    


    
    




    





 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    
    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Transferred in Period

    




    
    




    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    



 Options Transferred in Period

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    




    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    

 net of offering costs



    

 net of tax impact of Share-based compensation

    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g630925g15x32.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0K84&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A24T$```````$`````$```)````0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`

0`U
M`'@`
P`R`````0`````````````````````````!``````````````)`````


M``%0```?@`````&``!_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`2`!(``#_[@`.061O8F4`
M9(`````!_]L`A``
`@(0@
0D,$0L*Q$5#PP
#Q48$Q
5$Q
8$0P
#`P
M#!$
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`S_P``1``8`'`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``'_\0!/P```04!`0$!`0$`

!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
@84D:&Q0B
D
M%5+!8C




MYS+'



MUQW







@(U\NVW$ML7K


M:O?[=ZCE
\
#

;T[WPNM]7?K+G6=7'2
\N-Y
_P!]

?KG4G




M5_(0Q2$Y3C

MO:^UMC:WDL#6M9Z;J=U7OMWN]_\`UQ9;/J%9=FMMRJZJJ)DUTVV'T]HAGH-M
M;].S_#._1KP])0BK/#[G#9XJXO:M;Z;CWLT_2'UCZ+;U;$914\5%IDES`\$0
M?;_)VN]ZYQGU

_P#(+Q))&=6?YSQ]O;ZH


#9'T=J%U[ZM?6OJ/5[

W:OFM),&_U_YS-^MX/TN
MO\'AXO\`OWZ5M^K72W4UTTBW%;29K./=946S])HV/^C[D#!^IO0
#
^VX]#A

`:`!O`'``(``V`X`,`````$`.$))300&```````'
M``@``0`!`0#_[@`.061O8F4`9$`````!_]L`A``!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`@(`@(`@(`@(#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$`@$`@
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P/_P``1`!Y`D`#`1$``A$!`Q$!_]T`
M!`!(_\0`X0````8#`0$!``````````````8'`D*`P0%`0(+`0`!!`
!`0``


!0$%!00%!PD'!0$`Q$$!0`A$C$&05$B


NM(^W-;Q
ME[#Y=4)V]WM$



G+
]H.%56IW27L5RI^\C6N&CE[5^/


M3CK.L:3EN3RY@F3(E

I-C7B@Q&5LX4]BM3DD:P^Y1Z^*QKU[/[Z2$15
MX5&JSYNL5UG8ZP)LB<?M<''V&]O/9*OH8I0^?\`5




:09&K^



Y[E1%:
CF\-C[.
2Y


M$(P

MMY]LC^'+VKPOITCPOR'VKG0'@RJI=\!RCKLN_45'CK7:Y&S:

M&N'#85
ICN$1BD&5DP7MD8B

UG
/=CR@*^51IP#0




MAT:-?__0O$`FC@0)HC-]@M?9709@G*QCR2?NDPRS7L:Y41;=IFRV*O[S#HY?


'E(P'4J@]5/#E2E=JUTBNK^SLBB3R



M@/X:1JVW?;8E%+AUK#J&2PAG0R/2064&P#.4B)(22(ZBD^W[JHTC6N5O:B+\

MEK8-F&ENJ9*2:*B;V





8C/\`7GNCN$C3#7XN&]JJB*JHGAC0;:*;
MZ2O*+(E:G





FN]`P7?8@:
M717!(#FA6E01XCSUJW.R
TPZD20*?.D8O&D$)&N(*Q)$6%]:KF-?+*
[20FG



UWD;6R5Y;F8)&#]IW\!Y[

FLVUW;W<W$,@,9%?L'U\M*U19319U










MZ'=3QIN#38G??2&7(7]B\1$STJ/$D?QTN^`[HVU?8_K2DV'=75+*QTLR%D^R
MJ90Y%K+(L:/.E
Q0^+EMXK

M130!Y&


M_MOI_ND?(V)L:SB8[9F8EW/K8

RQ


[(OZ.VIR#%:UES48E;3ZJ?7D
$XF2X






*%1U=]8R1:@UJ-L+'
AAS+&EO%*/7`E95

C\A0T/2H_OV







M=X7


M[J)





MNF*C513'MI\9[7J]%81!ULJ!&Y&GHC?;5BHOS([A.KOD^.NT&/(86`'_`&5/





WIA86Q_FTV)'\:4III5-^1
MO:5/9$Q/8KSFI4


MXXLF+F-F!`-7]OSHWI*GZ`@=#33+#W#E83[-U*7AKO5:$=?P^7]FGJ:PS_!-

61-IK/*)59E5]

BBR'YJQ[MEI)Q


M%/(UI0:AHSK=F^=1U&O]2:

MQ9T'$I!R2Y1







Y;NSO2]PBWBK@[67










*@BSI0FY

MEQ20^B$K4`LW%5HU.5%%36FVG/%WMO`MO\[MSJ@_SERU1&.1XJ@)YLWI


79CQ)





@I*:


MN

ML5%1%ZZDP6:L^X


:






M8\;QIDQJNWML0QRII+N+'+

MCI!/+W?^;NX+:]E#QN0B%:!D\#Q%`FWUITZ5TU

=;0\8=#DU!
K[+%LD@SG


M

ZK6VN;VTENL
MG$`DZN3L`%'+8B@I0`$T`IIPMKTVW&782+T_LU

.[93+N
M!2O7;S)U8_;N4:]@<2N*_3]CJ3;51'/H9*+\$FM<G'/N?$CJ]?55]57J^HV

M_P#SAILS1IB

TGN7'Q,\<TJ3-*6'X2./7INI('UK6FLMDCHC
0-=MAO
N]?L^RNERGYQY5QMM6C
`PNNE[*'?7VPI#
QQV=&DW=O@U[AT

$:OJ
LLBNA@)+&LN9P_EH0B&C



M\DBWUPO]XC3[[L8&%(.T0'R@QF%(YTIQCE56F-BLKP/;EJ%:4J/&OTK7SZ:T

Q(&

MO;\-N'1WMY^/']'27Y0G]F7AIQ8%%`\PQH=



M\8

M:
4



[5[EP$&(SF<-BE

LH+!2S%






J<?ZW;UJ
:




MT-0&_*X7N#%PN

MUA4FYV!66





118E/(,E_=V&.SSQY\*<@R*:<9PGH
MC6,<Q&L5_3#=8_,XWW;C#2S`3LL*@.5B)#Q

6QJ0




MU=&$[W_X1QT&+PEI;I?2L06

'Q3-(E]DN15\2LB


;*F4@N13BH:I'6A6@!WJ1TIUI0?8+

5D7
M$I3F-1@X^.G5C6IPC6!K7*UJ)^B-:WI;X:U^.FB9!#DV=7!$$C6=U2C1L[_;
M7@U.X*JKN?E5C7]W/'P3I-
O)?Q4H#O]W]VC55/SKA[BE^1F(WV*5L2R@&S!
MUK




MHJ-7J/W$&&]JU
]L6NTDYAC0NH/*B\B31:;;@$FXTV6]A;_EHHKB).9%30


SU+3%OLA

!%D1AV(?F&JL)VJO#^URM18S8=Y6][

ME(!`;PVZ['?4=6SXV0R+N@JZJOM(LMLX

T@T5J$0




[FL&_IONCC+2H`!IMY5^@--57W#B+N3+-<




KVIP/\?.#6TNPSJ)C^'W&OM16V$1XF.'Q3
M&I


MGB3X





MD



M5OQ3CUZ[FN;QKJV

MU55[43^KTYY]/7J
RR6Z2?S8BT5=P#3^/AJPKHW$MJ@MU'(E:_QZ:DC\?!

O`EA)S]3AUX@=&\)_VS

-HX



M&XG[=B?[-.E_XFG



M)7;
R\S_`*`W^X-73+!WWA6$ON8](U\@&).PK2AIL=M
)W?@?C#I\-UL?Q3V
M5Y#1\]P&(+(JNTR:=5T*U!/OU'4PS1K&KJ*^TDOE):D(`L24QS'1^7*G+45R

3/
2+9V5/]G8
MP4QC`E


M`QMUG!-E
C%8X

A*XLRF0T4#`I%

9VM\3_F
CBLA


MCC@51E*
CRO[E:$?UB*R[%^+\'/F






M0*5!(1R

_+_)J=QQD5VK:VM:?_\M._IO\`
MBDI&TO;AYT%:7=Y2M-]S-TK_``^NMN/X0:
E^H

59E`KZ


M!H[;W[D7'\;NI\!#L(Z/AOFNAE,Y!V2QFJ(Q41.#_#559Z=-
MI:WEI-:7
M


M:1Y)DB6I].WYH
2:]?;IX5&VDVRS%OQQ:&NL]R_&
[+G6?3Z29:YI`Q.\Q_




W<5<W=Y,$3VY9F-&'

^+Y;O3<$VV)FM-EN%X)K
MF[RG[OD4HD5E5


CQB1



.P?;ZQB6IFHTEI@8+`K$_=:^;C[9+VHG[$4JITN\-




M=NDQ_P`+


M*DT`U
[_`.7K#']R=S82;LK`)9X\^I_R
$DA4TI2%8BY10?4]2%ZGKI(]UV?


0XLOMFG


MMM9P*.$DR+


\$^:

M()7%(U6[[O\`3MV1DK1
?D




BW4J^IJAXTD8U!

MI((E6([FHSAB.(YSU8U5X3M/XZP5GC

















M\;CT]?L&U9=9%MR96DM[K-Z\N=;6?5;&@QI-B`!!?9HD4?L*YJ-%(_8MNHMZ
M'ZL?M\NNHM;]NXTS3QG-(C1



#;/8C
M2E[B%].L8BEC


6IHC8LUR#(


M7MY'[L_4CV_\




MU7

7_PGD)!



M#W%G[K+6]R]VZ^FW







MHM#(MYDL$5$^G:)QXSD?]0@Q
0C[)/PU9SLTEOW1



MY/WR+!DNL(%?#L.UR$11I]-'?SWK[GM[I

#NR5%/4?<=:<1QY


.!)Y..554@&FY[V[BL[6
M22#.X*X]I3[KG\PRQDO%/\`)`=HV]Y57AWM$HLLC
&=N7L7*MJZ_P.LH-9



S&I))E[ZG&J%T.C1H=&C0Z-&O__4LI?D=O\`



MS&@6#D^
;CU;DEK6DEQRV^.BRJ#79)2BN(`)#WUQ#0'E^4G+F/1PR(PB(SJE

I.][7(SM6]L=D;3%]K6&1R$ZQ6
%D
MCR.QHJ(L8+
Q\``2?`:HGN+XZD[B[FSXL\G.D^1G&-(XRS$-Q!B.9#]G

S`[#RU;O\
M:&A7XQL3-I&U
XO


M(.17



M

7H).ZK+R0@9Y26]C)CEQJHU/C!$A8



M$VZ@#BM7\6;\((X[@Z[`R^*ED^3
OG[9![L:V\8))J.-O#5E'&FY8`DDMU`6





M1@&!8*U%*D@$JK;@@Q&ZP-G#DILD$:2VR/0[%)*$U!4@

09F3
MFB1ZO1S&W+WU8X['=OYC!6DD(GM+




UD=\

R/9=J:,L20)CWN&TRE8%C4LGMWNC=UX\Y7M^_6YQ_N-'[BAN)90X4L!R
M`:H++45!`.VH7G?A['8FZEL\Y:7.X]UX6=?5R+R(6IZEH9&91R'4<@=
KU=

M+7.=`G2(4-YGB


91$:@O[:LJ%!
M'Z4]#%16AW.NY6Z[_%*:PJH=!Y'R8D^QBX7BIUBY39\9'1TQM%1
8QR?)FXX
M2


MJN]-F(Z:ZD[[GFBQG9?Y9JRC1^G;>MQ
:*-KVHYW-46]Y=1=S8R
MQO






M`JJ]6M7GIDO&C
HCF_W6XW^HIIOOJ&!.1HIZZI(ZVW)DF$WQ+(;I
JH-Z2X8
K6$9)[7L[5;
MU8^,ROR9B;UQ]IVI

B#H0

U7Q7.:CF]J*UQC[D^3%D]V;LF=W%!R#PG;?;U

MIG-X^26-3#=
+71/KXUI5E2UK(CP1&RF3`G)&B



?TU?F/,_'7RUV?=]MGY!M
MH+B4'U_SU&X(W*Q%J;^1TW/STKY)'PO&;'<F`YW!QVNR'&
53(


MR*C1O5LD[([K_JL&6L+N&0I`K
M?]0ZZQ\2M-($Q6HG**]?5.L_'=O+-W%?7Z)QA/*@.QI7?SZ&OCJ0]NKR9V&P
MKJR+J!RNH;'G_5ME;_1_XA!7T_MZZ`BZ'4IEZC1OSBFK
AP_)J*ZCK+I[BAM





M?8'XN48Z4\-2^(WF7K




W=T@NY
M')@'
\5%=N5%-/X_OU=]C\:#M^SQXFOX053U`L`6;QI6@/I'2@.U3MKGX1^8

ME\9(IO$F(

M;2:^J:6DLG+K:Q215XA_(C#PAE
1\4UM-7N_O#7==5?UNPD`9G92=^E?NV\M


M\8]K^0V=[9R`OD7.LM@QZ'
W#QZ%J6)%#5V6+T4NI+
':V'U#+&972`J8(F]
MC#^XC$]M&]5W\=?

G3J='G\D3!B\C(!GB(KBZ<Q%S(BJQ11<WR[ZAB<?`C'&&


?/*


M/3Z@=PJL01N/`:3C*M!9/_
62U4`&ILANSGDY%:@NZK.([I1BI;5LZ+W'A6X


MCXK.QC7+Y!6B+

1&]R*Y;6L.]X\AC9;C$BX1UHW










M?

5@S^-@S^
M`9;S%RUI-%</Q8`EB*EE;TA=P0*5.^I+<?(OQF5-K=]\VEOT*I+81U5O;*E

FH0RC2
M


[L)*VA)K\O$^QO_`.6L5PN./*9EQ7ZWKBY3-O\`9(HSP<5JZQTJM`V


MRT





MPN`R.(J]=P.K8S?F)\08[02U6\



&4T`6;7WY5?`_(J
MS.
&R/=\W!Z/

@?=TTF%.B4E&3$9./U<2$^<3ARR4[E:Q5]
MQ/5)W\5V69[6R68MLIPBP

O(.K
`I]?45Q\

LLLC*`0/;(!)'I\4GD85^
7-AX




MD(KFQ[6R
$ZW'O!IDCA56]R:7_VQ6HK



M711\



MCV#8U/@C6L:B)TN\-'C]^FPY96
<:(KQI*JHP/=:GHBJQ
M'_M_3K5(O/T^8(T'?49V84^)8'K_`'=*R-?I
1K(V3XQ0B?
@Q?K\BGN217T
M\%92I5%M94ID9Q5&*,'N4KF-553YQ]XXBQS7?O=^?MUXV%OD'@CT]3P2*O


HP/:


V.U,/VZRE
M`D+3RQW,UO-JQJ&X^W$\<J.I=9$D8#I16ZKW+\?_`O?<E]E
WE

M2[]IEDY
64LH+S1





LPU5[:VDH\=N\?


4G:^46&W5P%1


M2SK$*/**S-+6E'&M+S'H]WD%=*/DN---1$(XQ*8H@@5C/FDL*UK'
]HWS][I







MPWZUJ.OTU9+R7\MT#-
3N
+M/'VRAQ+JLD5-B^#M`()XXDP+F/DP9!
&-'4O


QW?'&TOX:1R-
ZV_D;[

K(M9





M]@5?V/1W#D68SY'LN^
I9X?^F20(']SDQ5AZ12E#R!KRKNI&W356?
GPA??'
M^!M


4F'
A64HLE+E9YS-*OUA#$1[G[


@Y!D.JL?PCJ6N,E99&:YQHNQS7<@5J-QX
M:IO+13VD\ADC(:NW3?P_LTJGBCAV*9OK=(#\BM[W(K=[Z.RH9V?QL-I\/L&7
MX'I;4]/45

MT!Y';D=B`!3PV&IAVUA;*^C9DN^#
-^OTWTIN^O'N3CVL8X]+X]4GR@6P=;Y


W/Q


5FP]N9.*/[;9=#65D=?=%(:!
M2S(UE.B

MN_$BKR0TS4H@-%ZH@FQ
SL'N(BI^\ITD\+S\/;3KD[]5#\;K!#H3$V_WZ8NY


-(P!R-:A)&_0ZTRXN

MB-3@C.')RGKU-
;VIW#VI@[M
SCIH%:

M@`]K$O))_P`%)G.#(K?3T[

MZG




M%)C)XY3BO[6=7R)%97LC$]H7MD&UY%Y^#'M3%CWTF4D]JVBHY_K5#$=?+K

RA</

LATX
M!W#




S
S4J!4DD@`==6MV];S7
MBPV]M`TMS(RJBJS
S``*H`)))V`&Y.C._Q]W555(








M3$/)S06Y=CTN=YQ@47%L?O*R\H0T^/UMK#J;C(Z5\BSK[[);*PL0P+J?CHJB
MT^N8Q1-(B`*







&9%Q^P3'CVCV





(7ME'
81Z@.!;#\F




EERMSD7U4\4

K-R8-R:9#?WCSK'R#%C]#GI\


M*
M:DD4H65CON1XZG^JGO%59`J\O#1V/'KRO:M?8\+Z_P!==$#JVF%=B-M

MGP4$D`ZI6(%!'R)/3I]Y/@!^V^H!O/7)
DRBERRMS.]BMH:F;-F2JBK*'V`^








RYM

*



MXP1^RZ1D*]-FJ_X6J/Q`4(-/

&



.M
+`.7<*:&H)J*4-5\QIZOB5Y!DI\




M63&-E&G0[MUU4S_)WA&0D\C\AS6QJ;&GQNQGX/64DDI[-TO.Y
77D:?.^P?6




Z]H`-_V

M]7)LC^=[V
&-E8\/HQQ1FEN=)JYLZVJ[^;WP'(O^YH%E[[6J[^([E$3N1%2S

MO2C






5&N:C.Q$3JZ+^ZQMICL=


M0L(%!KUK3Z:6&_\`/RV74DP_-*TN+Z]2M=#+=;.RP]G9V
NO#'&210T4VU


P4%1`]U\D;O1[2O=QRG:


M/P$

M]LW3
?&;:KS[)HM+1'AQK&91SK

MW%K-M1B.SXGWJKC39E

S`NI'G&L$LDJ=@T1&=_K^G6B&














MXHV_+R1I5OPEBU!4=:T7?2$X'#EZQS6NUUM&'EN'V$:[K*S((\NG;&OL9;
6
M*TLE]3+





M$F2[IO((XKO+6$EO'#(?4T\T;1M#MUX



J/:YA

:P:


P;D5'



/\`^-$L
U.
MX4[8S&=EQ4]O:6\<:1\I`TMR\KK&J4C0+*G(J6CEP$6E6`9;0N<MV[BLGCK

T\:%2&''@_NH

ES?654@9@?;F:1HXV)8&5`:A&J4
MY




8Z5.VMN1[\O;&'#W-


Q
MJEHKA!T'W5`OBWEI6U+JJGM$FO:^UKRV2&*&0*.]0!*YJ*X:LZ4V]U-.\O





MNLDIUUUD
F$IRI$NK5Y

MO(U5_74T%IBN^.VH9\G`SI/%5D]2!R4HRL`:&-BQ!!)!\.FUU=K1Y#*8RURR
MQ/$\27W=TX-&?QKX$UZ**@[;4WYX3GV7[=V[G6-;V\A=L0JK&S$CPYN-7%
MA6-(M?G]'27)VT.-0&542'#Q:383B**
-@5`BHTB\!)]`
)\*_%G8G;6*A[1

97^
M\5_<-'S'<%JF3L82)Y2;7=S983+SGZ'(]A!GXUC7VW(P[+E0H0*62VQ-5Y`

MC
_+[ZAU]#L(



;$MHEI?4\J5G)
1Q;$L)QZ)8I+*`5!46F
85
MB5G//%@^V62ON/$Q3M:BN3ARV'V/^D+]/.)RMUE$^*[266WD'L&\N;V_8B@/


M5'IR]&N[VHO7QP[\^-4C[FRENMJT=D\TAB]/';F:J`*`4W``&Q`-*:L$QY&U





\PQ

%Y

!^OTUIX]D7F+=X'2;!3:S\AQRX/DXVLV!?5^0@P
940ONEA_-T2RC`K



M&OF!E1VQ3!'&2;WF%+CCD#[%8SBMEPUCV[W;W?C
#A8;'&I='BD$2QP!.**%

M
DEKD:GZ\^_*V5R-OWD19


M-:R
LB=+






G0YTB/(5'



*M`R






M?;HV05!+&%'@_P`69%)[L=1''(
(W







FK(GM;![Q6Q2$*B`L;$+&C,7M/\`2J/A4:XB-7DO-]M]
MJ'(9?\[EYHS)*#Q'0E-NGA6M*C?4-RN3LKJ\7TTN5!IMX4WTE.B]IX]J_6E
MUB..YS2RLEA0


M\Y:Y2XO[:YM;#ECQQ/

UH7O6H*FH_CKW8\'5

9E0AA/)XKY5`^KK


CVU_STWW



M8_%6@:-JT\OPZ8);^Y_-7#&2JC[M(CN35&.8A/K[JLKTCV+K^K4\QTN9(:Z.
M=&

3GC]JC7KI3XDCX8;(T\;C







P5]
-JK&XZ@[@TU:F\'\NJ+K#:YM#D
M3





M^1/..9


H]T[
!0$L/4I?

$D'C7B.!K7T@=`UJ)D



`1



MZ%;9K;[$LV9/C5L^#$FY#:KD;HWL6F5AA!JASE0P%(QYF]C'H558B].\DG::

B016$=M&\
JU:.%!'R
M#1V[









`DB&61&GM*H#2*X!'B[U&I`L=QRU.)1'8V$T2.]E


$^R):3
M0LJ4G_0-%





MB\?]B_.'=61[[Q=G-C;%



/B+/)62/SAB]5-UJ




M6R9!C2K&);EC5[Z.4L`;K.`JQ)_

?#DLA)


@*



M*?#!T6*PA3CPBRJB+#L)MA7NNZXP*ZT`65)N7#:9\048GR
1%7]ZR
AV3CK.
M\


S5LE_?VB:(!6(U5:J]=FP/^6M
7;HOI
:(/&E(Z[_`'+KYJQV'YJ7
M-SM+0VP9SN`6'O+%1=COZZGIT.D1J+3^0MB0RSV6=A48WE(!W-.0JPCW=%7V




=828TY!D*J(Y_#EX:CNQ-T4
M17ES(+$^5-O+2.YN5E

M9X$83?RC9QSRH&2!AO





DO3E
MC$Y:M`_


M^1!A.*U'*T?S(5'(J(G*BI^G75WQJPD[%[4/)2191`D$&I`&I'0U_$/!JC
MPU*
5(9L;8N2*F)2:;BM!_?J3342=NH8S?\`FESQ/[


CI8Q*_[WE





$)\`-QYT.^K!.\/&*\TS.Q-\2_9DN(YI5
YTEP_9Y<JM<WL=RWW/V!?]N26


#3F'7?1/M4K#?2HQ9#VC=R=BJ)&N56N#







13IX@5-:=!
M2OGJN_G;Y*M.[_AV]B0C)XC%3UIQDK_&FDXQ*CK*+%W5=95TM5#6:
25]1

:MU'J/]M/
M+7SOG=[K&B1V)D+;UZ]1J6'\7C+2OSVQI





M(:WO;$

.0JR2Q/95%5'*

MR@?0!2#_`!(^[4]RV(BB6*2'\/`$_;4_\FE`_#KDD:F\D\BUS4/=%QXF&7=Q


MDR^1_P`=2
^?635.-[(P@=S8UL







Y0B5C!ACV(\:J8OW&0]ZN8SW&#1


BE-6P?QKY/.L*\46TQ

Q(
F4_%1E=;4-6-\A*.#
2J7DD5R\\\(B)S;_;[RVA62(+

W;N
J:4ME'\33^S3G@H??LD5C3


N

69F(3BK!1[:K42%CQW8IQJ:
%S-I;:HC$7#HR60@Y-E%S5BN3Y8L:LX\]:HV42;'NR@&FM($K
MRLEPX&0QTDQ_0S/;:Z/






Y4@CT!N
U
M'XY=_P!_$3+M.977Y9L/
\^+LW/[[)Q9T?&









#JFEP(B*BFQIL:]-1A.X





4CSD[2'<U\0YC$&&NB26.-[WM1SCF$]416N1











N2438PFD?+EUP[B[;)B/)*DAKJPA60V\\





?L'%;[Q(L1


MK@'3Z^A8S



)J1U.XJ-5K[+8_(+SW33#M0935^$6WG;!UMEF(Q]NU=*;%;N!G]=5YG2)#
MRCBMR8?\KRZN/#L!!:)5[5&IF-X<Q$Y8KND,'W+W%DHH[V*UICMRATJM*K4

M*#%`1:J]%*6RD5..-D5ZP[@TDSICC$K#E?
:UQ&%8JC5NS-A:YRY_.79D6XY
M5K2@J/J-O#SU



-#%4S0
M`(%I6*02*AV-/9_Q^(
OE
B;M'-S.[A5(/$;GJ#3?3;V[\M0=M]@W7Q_/V\D

UV7L9L78\F/E]#7_`
L:]=B&K]7`1MC6


MR#[PIP`(&_G3Z?37B&.V:UE9S_/`VW_?JQG^(*SQ^9KO*:VIK);)%9.@DF6O

%1+[+FX__`!+5/V]*'PZZ








M3HO)3R+PCR9S:@Q#7U1:9+25=G6%G



M@B*62)?F5.WYVI\TWL)9+.P_
7=#(]:;`]/(]:?36F298;83*:RM_&G7?3S/

M

M)K-_0:U`_;ZZ9K_Q-V7SJW:?C?C


[&S7%F/5$/)I\JO:P0F#X*1'
@SXXCD
M]MGS

B*J(O7/Q_0_E^W)X[BU[ECD@B-5+Q#D*=



YA





M72KV!7!D@&UOO$-]HJ4*YR$&[_756_!/U554?SE\86!DC7NYYY6(Z1S2&OA3
MD*#[J`ZL]?T]?






G/S(O#717Y6[@L

MCEK2XF



_PJ@G5=;?X\MCG&*1C65=8DQVR7CM

J\E4'8DT6A.[5\61X
(H
MNK\8J&'(2(%DEUEDT!Y%4,P6@AB0-A2@&J=OD-2'M=I[BR['\AM:&!D^









&:FE0FZC;TTJ0A+-

M;(+VUC1D2742:^!68_6MI;2?;Y=D
R68-9'JXIX\=##[OW)G(QJYK&K6\7Y6

M$LJZEJ'K.:$*1#+(?
CPH9Q&-N7LGY





WXBQY*9/&@I4?8



MH#]@KI6\.TWB3]HTN6_X4FF0XF/UU#40KN:^1$K)

:_O(DXQ`GTO


MF$17_;Y4VN



]R9:WO\[W9@[*
6R.;.*-E









M2M9%'X*0$^E@BGD12.Y/)6-R\3^Q'*ZKZ3NQ()H0.)V\Z&M/+4W&




M`1]=5-O
7RQGZ@V[-PRY?34MSB\')[[








MPQS99G

X

MC@N8UCE5\+RBK=GQK!=33W5X8B(R*=0=A3Q%?[?IJU^RH'6V8DG8'5BW5J

U%_\`6Y_\T.G_)U=471M3*3_`ZR[:V!AVJ]=99L/8.1U^(X5B=/+M\D

M]-=V3!CN`')&(X3XJL0I!R.&$:QZJDD[?^


M'%1FZT'[J_7ST]31?E[IO#-G+GF93HJR\.QPU96H
=M.J\K?8RX4B4&0
$E\


1N3O<]BM/C;-?U!%^/W!!`
G%5?ZDD
236IK7?SU
MHFFA
*01J5%`#04\JDTU'A`R^!AVK*B'79QB






D?L%5*#S'770K[YL4D
MIXZ:E0TZ


$8CWN7G

ME1YFBU%=5F

M+7]G*JB(G42QN(F603%@`O\`=KL;OOYF[?O


QU;!EO4L8S

7B`2=]2H^/'XUM28,+$+B]J*RQSS&7VP'#-M;&DR!9*1`U=G/
T\(


MXY8%-B%IB!:W%J:+A7]WL[IG+8C

MBO%%`CNUM;CDA!20U\:@;_?4'[C7Z:T7


`0
M:BHV-#2H\3J1S&O%ORSV^6/5YU;T^B,`B!=#^U8(XCLQFP#.3ZF$;-#1(]I
M%C21=C

H:^3[E:)R%[[/'S#D
1/F:XB(B\I
MZ(\C8VF4Q]UCK^`2V4T;)(AZ
C`JP/CT)H1N/`@ZU7$$-S%-;3H&AD4JP\

IJJFKF$

)@G<$<A^+Q!5W6UM96EWE.O=6



]WELI#:BY=XI5`
@Y&)D5N50(Q
ML-P6!.W&K5
?/E-YA^4F.87E&?Z[L#'Q&\A`P[
L;MY0ITS!;NZ:6KUWL3!+
^)R^['0Z2F




M`+$@MSJH)'A40Y#.9:22]SCO^8:HLYD*@$A27/4E:=/L%`*:?P.!$CXJ=C


\++W*\N3*R8
MS52L


M

2HS

7E

\VIA&&Y/LB%CLB^P`=E)=5873K5XY;ZW


3=7(M;LH@:


CM[[:!+KRN::
1JQ


&Q]RUU':?66VG**B^X3'#OK.WI!!LJ6^R`:C

=CY
5[-NJ`1+Z@))(%YR.3=A0D@L%)9NK
M$@@:[Z.USEN$DF-O(@H%-3&!OZB``17Z@TV\].6\9=!8I@]H&V+L[7^8
K6.

4O\9S_BK55O55X^UOK_`+EL


.<8A.3T;R


--8_^CNXZEVMW0C3

=#(Y6^J*U1(U_]2JO2.ZTIU0U\K
)NY?D-


MB'1GNHQJ#.1WJA$5K%Y1R)
5:8JTN8FR!Y2UW5=Q4?Z5.OV#RZZ40\))R[K6


A$&



['J['?%+7%;!)

1S4#
@?;W

M!(XD

A(9KF/L))IZ-?\`'VBM
M&


=R[E


MW:-LIVL7$A_2CV%[39
I;$LIV-^\:(LR.V&L*
!RCBR60/=4B/

M5746N6W

M(&35IOO-9]^2$?V2OJ/K0+:


YU/4U&LM3X3@^1T62U

]\N3B)CC%%V`/WT`J=1VQ*TBKPJ

A)Y*\536DAW^T?3P'U!UHNK^






J(A6*(D28W@B(G/QYXZU#'Q
MTH7/'RH-+#F9^7
)_

M\:2RI)6B
7)W<M.3B@Z;?XUTKU9K+`Z<
M#(U?C4$


M#^S7=C8KC

M1!3M$(8F_P#-&QK$_L:B)U[``Z#6HDGJ=9.LZQH=&C0Z-&AT:-#HT:'1HT.C





M9

MY\EY-I%]*

M0`4I&M`%KU)W))W--M/U[D;O(.KW4W(#\*A555VI4*H`J?$TJ:]=/HK:*OIV
MM=;
U2=O6.H(.XUDCQ'71;O
8B7`&J
M88+

MAWKN`?[1IO&T?`72FU+NLM[C\GA!''`^S8R:]PJDJD21*F/EBJL5FUH;*6







)`
M.*J-JCVV)WJ2*4(

G9`2NLHA(


O+6-1&M8Q&M8QC6HB(QK6-1$1/1$^'6=8.DIV3
M@!+9I[FI:JR^Q'2XS45RF40^QL@3/7WH-.'M_UV_P!/7AXU?\0UD.P\=M12
M^1/@EH[R-R&KRC-(UQC66T\.T@29N/FK*DUNV8*`R/(NI4NBM9%@ZI^C5L5I

)+Y[Z9UB7XC-2X



M[D^
['+7$-];3K!(B!.-0:,6J0?/E3[M13N/LV\S/?&7?L!1Q(`!W!)KN#
MX&GW:3B@_%OJ





M]-$+#OQ`:-H\N)FV0[
S?


MYZ_%?V)I?CN\N(8[5

MFIG]0:@C0:NKJX
$E/BE/&#A1VL0:K$&YCDC1OE1.2]OSN1$:T?#6]6;A\%
M;XPMKUC544U-!X_?4ZEBVPLXDMHW!X]=/#&-@F,&-J,8-K6,:WT:UK41K6
MHGZ(B)T]ZSI!?)'46I=V:W=A.Z-?8_LO#7W=?:-QK)8R2JS[S!.96V'9W


XV[:&Y`/J4T--MOLZ?NUHN+*VR$1M[J/


Y3EJ)_1TG.=[M&1:[N





)L:TB+_P!U]1\J_P!'6K_BC.?]_?\`A_AK
MU^2M?^[K_'_'7V_\7WA(=.YOBUJ
*-3M568PQC4X_5Q/JV_L^'//6J3N+-2U
M#9&3^'^&L)8VB$D0+_'7D/\`&AX-0'E=_P!E?44ISOW$+0R%]LC4]7(Q)RL5


9]


MSS%=8S#Y/C6?XCDN.2\ARG)+N)C]O29+46U-.K(9[-D59]7.@#($AFE[7-Y[

MT:'1HT.C1H=&C0Z-&AT:-#HT:'1HT.C1H=&C0Z-&AT:-#HT:'1HT.C1H=&C0
MZ-&AT:-#HT:'1HT.C1H=&C0Z-&O_U;\

M(P)ZA=
&*06.CTC2%:X

M$_:A


348-C6-3]&IQ\/AS^J]9UYU].:

M+'

BIT<1YG74!B\J<_FRGR9\9'(]D%0AK:QKN..#




MC$:]_P`(



M=')O/6/^4




MHT:'1HT.C1H=&C0Z-&AT:-#HT:'1HT.C1H=&C0Z-&AT:-?_6O\=&C0Z-&AT:
M-#HT:'1HT.C1H=&C0Z-&AT:-#HT:'1HT.C1H=&C0Z-&AT:-#HT:'1HT.C1K3

MT:-#HT:'1HT.C1H=&C0Z-&AT:-#HT:'1HT.C1H=&C0Z-&AT:-#HT:'1HT.C1
MH=&C0Z-&AT:-#HT:'1HT.C1H=&C0Z-&AT:-#HT:'1HT.C1H=&C0Z-&AT:-#H
MT:'1HT.C1H=&C0Z-&AT:-#HT:'1HT.C1H=&C0Z-&AT:-#HT:'1HT.C1H=&C0
(Z-&AT:-?_]D_
`
end








begin 644 g630925g39b44.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0P64&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A24T$```````$`````$```)````0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`

P`Y
M`&(`-``T`````0`````````````````````````!``````````````(_````
MH0`````````````````````````````````````````````X0DE-!!$`````

M``%0```HL```5X`&``!_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`2`!(``#_[@`.061O8F4`
M9(`````!_]L`A``,`@(0@,0D
$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,
M#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$
#`P
#!$1#`P
#`P
$0P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P

M@L0``$$`0,!`(%!P8(!0



A

D


!``(1

MIV?;E4^F74UV.:X5;?4?#7-8QWT7
^FL08F/B%SV`9#KF6







I;38VMNKBPG9=ZUWHTU

M-1K&A+][Y6`QSB.MWPG?27$8^G3YOF:=&9U88=^#:
Q^0;0VGJ37#:`_8ZM]
MGN;M8W]STOTB;K6;U3%^J6
^Z
MQP#CO-&
QVT7D!UM]-F3Z?\`..^C1L?Z==UGZ3]*CY^`^WIF++0PU9HR2Q_T


M&ME]RE


Q+'.
<8)
8\4I#P_/]U8)FA*51!VU_)ZU_5N
MEL):_+H#AR/4;(^/N4F=2Z=98VIF52ZU^K*P]NXC^2R=RX@=7^JE%E.-=LIQ








`00!D`&\`
M8@!E```4`!H`&\`=`!O`',`:`!O`'``(``V`X`
`````$`.$))300&````
M```'``@``0`!`0#_[@`.061O8F4`9$`````!_]L`A``!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`@(`@(`@(`@(#`P,#
M`P,#`P,#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$`@$`@,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#
M`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P/_P``1`A`C\#`1$``A$!`Q$!
M_]T`!`!(_\0`[0```04!`0$!`0$```````````8'`D*!00#P(!`0`!!`,!
M`0$`````````````!08'`(#!`$)A````8!`P,`P
$!`)!PT``0(#!`4&
M!P`1"$2$Q0),2(505$683(C%W&!P4(SLR0*D;%28G*R-'2T-76U-G8W&/A

5,'14G(6\&*2LD,DX8+TE-S



M)\N.E7Q74F$.U



4-:;'CUUD9%BMKBU]0]@\J15^0]0IU^`'4^&MM[F

M7WSE*-8F.1](*(-:JJJ1BS.F8%5A#QIB40
(;#IR2^U_+H%#36
K4IGA`J


WCW




BW;&
!%
M,8PAL`([:SCC:62.)!YV(`^TF@UBS!%9V_!4_=JA\_OO\`M\8PAGBY_
8


-7JYAG
D[.RSU0!
FSBXF-J+E^_=*`41!-)
MQQ`.@:\;A'((4:26WC6


G4'!2#\R2C8BI3?*)0-TTC'&



JX(D*RB
+94*PXKLVHFF`F.#1TMV@`[[;#I3M.+96^7



1_P!.W^BW]6OX'WZ?;G'X9QNG_P`+


3%#S*V$;1)VZ
MFL;C
4U:4E8*=KSI.;B(^&DGK

MXCT$1#2QB



M;_ZK?U:DE@SW-^/7)%=RAA%WFW(:




OQ(C!4E:P3;
MIQUZ))-SJ#]A1UQ18R65@B20U^;*H_*^T?GUTO=B
%GBDI\E+'\B[C_3\M0'




5DM
Y=R7$H2)%U(]61Q#F5DF_2:


BY9EWY%7S=1A&X1S9(O+Q9V1)-$S5M3E5BK1QY%
MNY1+ND*Z8'V$Y=_#PK/(`SP1!?G+'XUI^M\C^?67^)L0WE61]W_`%;?U:G7














M3&B3SITL;^M202
8?V-=N


OP\*=OOUI7]D12IVW%5JR*Y9P!;LO.R-+AG,14XBEM&E+A7`22#2*K
M\2*C6/3-*S3H5!(H8%#@900!95P=6,N<+/;7$-JWHA=S58L2QZ5)/?H!_Z`


^0


;
6#:0[%BY
MMUB3*9)5Z5%$6Z;AP`$

MR92WMI&A7S;&IU/3RO4&E.Y[$_;\=


M3LM3N\*GMN('R/6O2FB3


MCL03)@UBX:D



M1Q7[8[EJZ9UF:8Q4.S)-XZ67255E(9X=PI*++`)W:2:2*1)^F]O;66XN)A
%
M60@D;:TZ$%E))VR=MKB@0#\)))

^F54:S8;9'7.







/X*QY!<NT;I=(E.A(FC<&M*58;!L

MHN%.9MD%P


MQU&6*JU*E'490

M=RKJ1QHE.46


;:HN
M2KTS1\_$3K)S%R4)+1S:4BI=D^1,W=1\C&O4EFC]B[14,19)0ADSIF$#`(



!

!JPGN#\2?`8#.Y'CN/
MGS$_J2227,SUB25U0+ZL\:1ML4E2$:O0D54G3)1*J
&4\566%+KK(C5P]`D



M\S==*&.Y=.6L:TDO3($.*2ZZ/819

:T_8IO$MP;H.$
-B:NKZM*213573KRR7U04T



MX:U*89RW
6R

.ZF[+.2;EK$QD7'


YC'



0B@)*6::08NQ*!NI15+54MQ^`]H?=JT7L#;S1XCD%[


MNS''?7:Q2O2I6#J9:#Q)4;?L)IUIJ]/\FGM+@?='DW)+XXL37&'QLES!'^$/

M/
0-8B:7=DV5K1:-3B1@D:XNXYHD+A(4GJ)W2:/Z1
K[;[[_Q!_*=?)8W&)%1]OY

ITU4S`=-0A@ZE.0X`(#]@AKQFO64JT]5(H




MACVIB/[7_(&M5QAR$.V/6ZVSY+C?)TU:U[?&28K%-OM^/6TFE3ZCVNOH\Q




^DA%KR+M6+A6K5JHX?NS^



7*?



M0Y_)K9[JLFK&:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1H
MT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&

Z
30XZVX_
&E9@*Q2]Y


MYF*
:5((#GL^
8*R@1S9RIA)`SEHHY*$]8EIZB4(W(FX*?3ZJ0P#05SC3D

@4QRG.;Q`H(:^9?

GDDO[3W`Q\]Q&




MK#VAVGZQ\JD@!W3:M'2[=]S%.8`U+'LK!#+[@XJ:=69(8YGHJEB3Z;(.@!/0



M


;POAW'3ZV/Q
_

S/&:
DLE*5=0:AO
S-F0+D(J95(K
M,Y=T"`=RRAB+%L[0/ZD5O<,AI4;7H/Q5`K#4TZ4.X=SX**M2Z42J4FN;5'%
M:?M8JD^6A-)JO7I0]AXDD7#^Q+6$J%RHY!0<3)5E_6[/B=S
1`0MA8R#M)I
M6

7*N06R20M;26A9=DB.:)*@%55V(Z2=S6G:O

M-@H!NTXG$?AL.X6P]FLC'B^&A?H99'EO)7)5&(IM1!U`()JE*5%!JD/\P&!G
MSW/_`%1E+:&.PAC`DD4&NZ20]P(%)*@T-3\NHB











M




M3E`B11#82G3

I

0RWO
MJ`=*N(6;[V8


$P$H.6ZH`8.X

E)D(^JR3VLS




MOQM+)8

6IBW=Q)$-_P+S=)E
U]P<2J7,#02PRHVV5&)/HLWX0[,1N4=OMZ#MM&U275S]&C1HT
M:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C
M1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-?_T]+4
MZH=2Y9$$YA,)<DW\H(_`I;9+``?L`'PU^:+^9!53WT]T]HI7.WI^\W
NOH3


MV^BDV4C-



?:B:;W


10R`NK+Y*

M%`WQRLQ#

M302VLL:LP4#?'(

M&4C^R=7;P_6)BQ_^KF7^#):_5/C_`/N%E_U*?ZHU\V;C_O$_]]OTG5
_OVB(

M0=)MT$BN5E!V*S$P)*N`']ZW
80*9;^I#XB.KWDA%+
:`:HC.[NRQQ@[B?*5
MZ]?@1\__`$`ZL&XIXAG;)?:FYK
4[FY5E+)(MFZ:)D'I_)W%?52V



MG

^TEMQ6HUP^W'&[O(2X6VST?\`$;5B\D4:HLJ!]I)8$;F3



P0+%E[=;B%[=G?



3@&
Q`IN@],N8-#<0^_8=0#_,@2.*8=?#^(I_V,
M^K#?RY,LG*<N^X%OX<_4?]=!K8UJFFKC:SJ\X^]3ESEA,1.)M<?[%*`F[0'

E'N]R[F@/6WAK3O^[731U2#.N=!Q





D]%
3'*)U#G4
!]E1$#E`X-*P]EK.[OH+3'7[SWD[;40


M*Q3RK(0S5!%0%IU!`II@^X__`)A.9R'MMD[7*\2M)\#D+62S%Q#*TT@CN8WB
M$E2T2N$!().YR0-^YBQU
/*6.6K%R5:


FNX2`Y



MKZ__`5U],/:A0GMUQ)0.@M1_K-I,^Y,(AP)Y9B`B`AA&[;'Q#_`*M-K5P$


*





M(
].^OGME<=+9R%RZ!C4@;(V?^S'7
MJRKVW#IT\!U,EO:D(='W&^+0`A2&M-T#](':<P?JHONPF+\0WU'/O:2/;O.
M@=CZ?_;1ZDWV1D$GN%@B64L!+V[#]C)TUO6U0/5]M&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT
M:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-'PT:-

8AZV.JDM%K72`5F


M?]$R[N_3\/?II-_Q_P`492T63

M5L(N$TUF=
CVBJ[8ASG13C[%98.6V'QB`+W!N!Q`HJ`8Q0%:@]D^:S-L*V
MJM2O61B/RHC*/R_/P.N&7W)XW&NX-.PKX(`?R
RFGW:38^\[Q8
FS5;T[.#H
MKLTDD8I*[CMLJS=QJ)5SM7:$CE%DN0'I#!Z1P0IV;HP&!)8PD/V]:^Q7
RQ5
MKFQ4T!ZO


M&VVSU^#2?\J)0/OIKQ?=/BQ8J[3*?FJ?T2&OW5TMXOW-.&
DZ)'GRG)1TD9-

M.OH]/

O^DH*_GTY+;-XB[_[ODH6;X;@#^0T/YM2



DTB@^)5


M/52)1

.9=N7
M=J1


Y
MUC?.8=R=I1-KG7V(P-U&TEKE;V-AX

M\5)'W46::A[4J=)UM_.':!%/P9W#CZ]5:IE`R\C1\HLY%QV`43G/]*N]*H+)
M



'3+\Z2#-'+].=1\
M


)C'BV7(G(M&E

X!!`B1S'


V%J11L8H&.XB]S#W%[B@'=43`_









SV-Q+**2)(\;*H[*K*0033XCM7PUY



'(I:BFYL68!:]/-!*6!/B2LR_)#7IMKZY'



MW`BR/?J]S


M/XYSS
7

TR9A?'.$?&^TGMOQK;_OM
X/(@]+.U5XB?U2J40D$^/[`'X4)\


M]?-8[1*I

MQKBY/'LC%M(J5%5LHY(HABBGV$43.0'GA'O

:-`Y;



M*I(3Z$/X*5_=KX'O]FNMAZLA)R;;L






QH#(A1E*&.A7::T4^95`)#46NHH\TN7=#S![2F3L]8Y0
ML\5$Y8@X['D1'V^/:1=D(]EL@






LYLC(N'1




M0P&D#LU#BF90!$IA+OI_\

IW

M6.:NK7'PSM8JP*H%6.*


M*C&*R#=.7C4G


MCC+#`65B&BXV(]@1.B;TZ!6`\%4)LKV\VW];6'L6N-R62S=YD*2\A+E]S]7(
M:A)%?%F

MD:79*QW`[F!8.55@*!F()8F*&1FB&:/?:Q77&385HSC/@YBXFVQ#G424=K0U



EKM%P;Z+J[Z7E)%Z0[&MT6(B\11J\G.N2G0;F=


:
D?2




MP*Y(95S`H)U$[:XO!X##8RTFX;B+






M/8319#CN?QS7ND-@JC?MR*205K0527?Z+@D4.VI`(W`=S%R0.)6/%I[ER?

')2
M'W\+CBS627EAQ

FWS-MO0<61YE*MJWB;HM+?.D
WI


=B4L
GG8Y



MY`0F;K0+-68B4?QJ;B
X





M_H3;&_):9I&:





MY!BG;@YE(!BU@Z[47M(BTVBO:@1G(F%%9(BIC*'Z!NR_MPW)\E;393/A
+;(
M!;VL





MU(6/Q


MF8;_`.'6Y`)I7]DG;7SMY?CY\CS[E




D@DD


MQ&J


M[V

78RRVBS
13HH)8FC
M

=80Y;(11730KW\SE0*`JJ@M0T[TI\]5WYHQ;6K!1R


JXWEO&HV=.%;H$;BU'PG1\1U'R-DL4B[2.F/8@)A-L':IIX\RA7
M+^\/`.-6\9^CL1'(5Z$`15G\:]-B*I![]O$::'#Y3BO:?GO(YY/][O?4C#=:
MUFI?AUW
6!':M?CIH^!=/;C=J+PQY-2\K4L69CQ14\_8RI]2?I4BL\@)F^1
MK.?C87*EB9
FUPN)S1X'9







MN
F\E]O+:+W?XK?P6J-B\C)+)(A

MPH?*&+?BZ_[R\L-[R3P;]KCCO?Y$CF^\B\DU2R21XZ.803]Y!G3;UBL^J91K
M..C&BR;#++1(0.W`%G#
%1[C$

M68BMN3T/0

2]A/(7ZHI)L
M

MSR$D4*JK
`1T^[2W=YRGC''\;;K))CL:T^QAN3?1G*E?UBWHH`#4

26FD
M%-C[V:CK1`JT&G-PJWQ&6XZO


33310M(QKYYI237Q`84_(-7'\'43-^*V(T#
M%(0R<98B5


HR@



M]E.NM

R-5&

Q*U7

MH[CEWN?SF4[K2W




M^5R$N=RET\U_*^TR
,*B2$.5(+9=OFC)-S)%_P!E=]#?
MS.A,L81'[]2/[S,6]MLR6W5_9_B%#^]C\!TU#WLLR)[GX:-9%H?6Z(=R?N9/
M$DG\NMT&J%:OWHT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1JB[E5
MQP?E7FW.




8
AUREF9DM%-]0:Q

%^GE5G`+'J*]=



Y*H'\U5W
H)%-PIWZ:1I_P7WA
-]8V*
_#.MS:Q.GRJI_P!4Z7[?V)EL9%EL
[.K#I1Q

M/%I`;RG1:+*`02)*7O7WA@FM7R*XR4V\9VLP=:#\(Z^2M*N@)I2K**U(JN
M)P-[:=
VS::`!CM9I.H`/5A4#J:@@


]%522`7

MXGY.#;OW

XB)RE[C(K@FS






FTNF[TSL=)5#


NVPQJQ*.A:
U#
M``D


MP:







4Z)3QSCFE5JK)+MDRA5!)&%CF



4VQ@A*7W`EQ




M3

WEJ-HDQ]9!Y@ZFL<FX`%MC47:WZMWOO%+.






$0FB=.Y:8




;8-

MI%3K0I6^E=@0^.T+%]?O_D*&JUR_O9?[Q_3J9$_`OV#58?O%006+B(UC12*L


\4;`]'D




MK3

KHDE7530E6W**CH51CV4:;'NNEMS#F7%N.X1
%7-6IMN=F$+OB&OP[;E@YL<
.<*YM9/SCWN%53EA(


^[?$;+G5
MMS/!8V:3






O




M)&C2







:/8FIY8SHRG
5XY?.XBNN+%B9*UWRS/4H





M





1+MM]N^MW#)/1Y7QZ6OX;N
_^

-#!).R6LT\



M9CF%](;?C4%H\;RL*+([


.]
X)]PF7^3\UX1RW
M@ZXV3/&TNTR

E'@OJK
M5\?'`DOJ*@6D

89A1G4KLH5


/A7D3)

?
7T/#JW#T\%!BI#1WK7S1)G.N119N/`Z;%
BMNC'F7<C?ATK<5]L.3X2RSO&
MLAEK1
)D20TB`F=P4(*KO\J&G5EVR$[3M=1YC
J!]N;#T9PQJW#W
QARW4Z9

'*3-^2V4?COD1&09[4_J

T
MPXA8VLC7-FS;/4B
TE\Q^GD'XJ;PA=I%`?TP=S
#M+3M


MKK6NV%F2QXBMLB$=

F+AVR1E&`/?$X*DJHF54I@`Q@#?3DYIR1LW[8Y%VCV

MJ&G2OCK5#JJ.K0Z-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:K;Y


MZF-R


CXQ1L4]^$WQ0%FO'N


MWBJ0;55Q[&`6V=;1D93










XW
RUC$;4
M.FP88=K]0

RKM9H2GJ%G-'*TV
MU9JID/MYEK62W/\`#RSW
X4E(@H2.)&$\:1DF15E6414050./-1!3[V!'BTN
M2U(2%Q

MD5*BN72-'RO(PFUV

;T+$$7
NX(5(1O*
XYS
GD9
\EE=
MK@L-RK'INO<-?1W%/`H&7=7[&$9/AM#$ZL+M7(^]6ZR<LA<?J_CBVXUYR$
MFWO3^URL9'9#@,?6&N5VRN!IK9S.1KM5:%4C%5IUN@B].1[&-&ZB11/W`U+3
MC./L[7WQO([FZARF-53$(U8PO

M'CUO;38S(LPE


MZ1QK.1Y(]I=0PWE6\NI[Y
BZA(2]44ME=F)=N1M8FIG\;.2L7'
HQRI`.I:.
MM






S5;O0*41*9
YTDY








M]1=)G3
0&CY5]#
5R?


1G=%WKI4P;@8A


MF+NT#NL0+


M'3HRV3L\C96M];O'M8]065BI!ZJ2C

M-0C+^]D_O'].I(3\*_9J$GN
0?XAP!'QW9W]^2JBKV[;_P`&WFNNW7X=VGAP



OL[R.UQEBX5I:J:BJ;:$MN'BNT$D
M4/0'IJ4:7MK\#K_GV\U5CA:3J\Q4J)1+7;)C'60KC0:TN_R!*6DL?6&U.@)1

MI5EJQKN+,S'S`:6LA[$\)-K!G6LWMY;B:2,)!(\2D1AS@`T4$MMVJ`/*30





0IU#)$W/^6VOUUQ)?VS







='?209#)I_$#&TA4FK;5

MYPXV=U&Q3\%6;PO/1C^N1M?I]BBT*S*6HULH8Y-B)ELH9S*'B:RTH2+B6DEW

UQDII9J[)(U`AA_;$D,6
MH%`D4?%[@
'?7=[?Y-KEHH_J518W1`L&/AC0


M[0#8`WM
V;;;[/CJ:





M

M)_6;TCL+'N2`&))W$ZD-AC'!KBC8H&K8Z+B:G9'R$^E8&OJ6YPLGE:_P`G
Y7S;ED






MIQ=B+1($M-CI+BP*V*[GCV[%2?G+/2K9-/B1K9`-H^JQ)I`&D4T[C`V9))I]
MP[;ZB_
-;+Q7




M?ID1I'I6I5!VZ=?

^KN





M$.'K6WD*M&21X&O61Q9\A8[M$P^DKDBW3DG'\M%HBJ[%-`I42%UQL;KT_6*






#
M20CN-II'+0M7TPU0-W5/98Y.JY57]P

C?)Z3K!(Q
HB+&-6K&NUU52RTW%A

C.

K:95\:/J
!(


BXK

M:JRA:+9RV%E$3;VGHO\`U2A4VC





MB





FQ\1`35Z(CWB`@`FG[!^S'N')





8%?X=)U']KX

64MG$DD\CR%FF5@R[

M!3\

_

N'*?,Z2;C/CNW7BM267YWUM62BTH(:XW7:/JU18QG'*.


`((`
M


Z1A.5R1C^TPEBDYPD(RIJJ22H-7LC;`2;04^ND[2:*.X5!L)5O
`&35`J


M


M%53MM!:K
/<

8X

:

M/B3$08QKE1RS46

]K;/:QW%%N)K*
1DGO0!F4?




U$

MFX
5Z^WF*/MU89/EG*A]/=3P^G!;L:2LM0[%E/5*L$'FIL`)


M
_;\BLK.


JVIH7(

V;D(DB
MY;'%^Z]_A5P0]OK2/%(%$)N3$#&H/[





\]R7
BX


0==_C32`I@/0-17PG`7MU%=9\]2:62IW[J


'RMAPG


-+CENLVELY+/Z08*2$5



5&M6Z1+ID7COBC$?%VB`BW4

MQ545!5[X#&[EBD5+K@:#%Y2]CB6EO:K
ZJ!0236EO#:1T'C(US-+UJ:M3QZC

RM)L%5@78I[$F@J`28GR/)W@7BZ*JL)?^8^/)96JTC!U7L
1
MC*IW[*;*RRM*RI
YFRF#2:KE=4AC

@7)9@4K@J_C*T8@59
WD`FGWA/Y5?=



FR+21
MOLM'RE
Q1`Q2@VW(V=:OG&2GV2%WMD
\.^)
4Z


M%*;30QPVKVJIYBAH5E=^@'F/;IJ\O#
00W(NPVI%@LQ2F\?VI7PK`0QVYG=K
MH[@$%5$3*(BK^A'?M


L



'TS%III+EF-:L/J



T3
V=]BO`\%8'4&\=
I.#:1_'?

?D)&FEJJ1HK6UE&H



MY
UOZNU?J)1:BSL(5:5XT`2










UH:=-UP1U_6+==)MA%J87R7C5





N31R


MAI=O

M22

MIIF4

M:UTU?M`Y(?U+W/.+KB?D5&M=O#G+E.;
'9_T+.1M&-[.2NI-$^Y))!P\F6R#


M([[3^C19*&O+16IM



ZC_



K@N13K;\BM+&2TDMGZ22/Z9BC
:_[1905.Y:
MJ*DDA:


MD_-198&TH


MK7D
MS



MY)[=X[#7\_'
J\T%X9:1F.5'A66.@MZ.H60HV]@T98^F&W](P[R[[6X;W+Y?
MF
;Q7(X51FIO3MXJ2Q

M

2
*A8PC5C]S&Y

\!5$:ZWB(^@057:NG+R?90'T4\\;ZDX&48G*O(F=2`
+FI:U`J%CSD6EFC-2U.'R)UP$[^PF`AVQS*J`L/IQ21\G:;M+XTRIS
MUCK,R+OR<F^YZ]`2$H:=D\?AY@32HJ:DFM'*KL6<9;'QA8!3J0U1\7\/CY2
-JFFY6F9-P/R&ZG6E-)4]A
ME;6Q@R'^(


TR]V_'T/78


\


M+A8]L5ON_&$AE_:R

MHH\`&#5Z^44JI./W)?@PE=
D9IRG/$KL9$**_JWXBTD^3[
O86[MDT$)ZR7B










M:CN3O)-?E0TKIKYBQ7'0V9@]1X2O[QJ%GD)8D5K6BC:.WSJ*TT@[%BBS\B8&

RL6




M=:04!&Q\.P4D):04BXI-O%$;
V+0ZRWC;;#VF-L(B(BV[K

MP5%+


MW5)&U5%082R'/_K

X#B:FZY--+-G*&K

UY
7CFL^
3P/&`FRVDA#O'+'*C$*P*6S









MNZ

M/38O?K6(
+[K_$LKRM5#$O%K
F29N8D

M8.V






M$S\8I9\@Q[Z)&2@)!%^V




MS6
UC*0*\D[)+<N0X50Q


-8)B4D)R1:9#M%@Q%CF'
W:&CHZL5V3



P63R=MZLCO*ZWD


MI*EBYE(R
Y8\DSR#LAU6#N5L-U%
SL@'
LBFS;&-^B60$:\^Z'-(L_QNPDAO
M$:]OLS?W5U'N'J1LACAM(V7HRHD!;82-K%W`\ROJS?M+P*7BW*LE#-8NF/QN


MY&Y@:!L4R@@#DR=U-/BUN6&-#.I+^FH$P8

974SLY4FP03H5U3`82)I;D[U%.T#5,@=
M3&^!2@(CL`.M-W?6V

M+5FZ`?'5$O

M@+'9ZPXJ]@-+U=XI%R;1115F5TIY$SB(IE:O%OYBN'YVRR\6/Q\]WC8;M&26

M[.9S6B1VT]K:I;-LB4NQ?H$0`%?2;RI(%4N40,A[2-3MP;_P`O_P!FTRN
M7.7?*


A*Z:9#]P/D%

P/G*HH+*%9:3./
5;;2IE/
M_!O\JOM+D
Q9WW&N$6:Q8V1EER607
W!OVMXC&%M%FNY'BAN9)HIT?&6Y80+
M-#ZIDV)\8[VQ^0\PSJM[S5#X5QW*0*T'(V:UY\SC8KNZL4O'03\%S61C'#:(


M8BU#'H([63I\AZL\GYZZM/@:?!4A_BROUYF#:-AY)&$:*F
)Q]'%5:19LF+=




M`T[U\W?/7$?^V=G2J13X
@Q$8P?.C.HRLQDADRM.'-XFXAJZL$RR@HBTKU^U

M;

)[ZZW_``/0ZVO\FAC0XW<@AF63






T)/]H$=M-%:)3&6:Z74:/*3DQ+9UEN.4
M?=K9*N*
[;5TR]K4&QR0O^)UE&
+(R+6W/%_(=(KF'^I^9#RJ.DA2!;CML

'[



Q
DV;*+
DHR:


W(M6ZJ9U&Q5!*;T13&4[RH*[K.VLGMGMS


MM3UO@*_69^)DW%^LU-:




ML:
35%U9EGRWU;(Y

(V]U]A)_6V3ALXDW;R
F8VT/SIM7KFOK.).5
M










+.-Y&!/?TQ15+


))[!
(=&IV%9T_EW%@0:R

MF)SNB`:.(*J(*&
D11


)=@5B%M;KC]J(8E

UGXJ`2KLI(1\Q(M&M@8Q#=W`-6LO'-W(`LR:0

A

S=LSEDFM5G$

]E9VE



8@&)9E
41CWTJ1^T$F[H69CU%DG$



I*Y$2+J
MOTM
K8?*\





8&T_J]U&X4-
M*?A+N1\*@&H4`;+K.6L;%GO7/F'CV8[345)I78H/3K0D4))U%F?S%2J:X@']



FDH(;[!^P/V:E/%X.#'A=J
M@R*.C#Q7X$?+4+YSD]WF&:
DK#(.L9\''BI\*_#X@@C4D^`W!FR\R[K-R]@1
MD&F#


MF3':QXD*9P1\X



(55+N[


&


_:ZY*V=ZB[^FQ*4LW=$]2W[TP0.VCUE'K]T#@O:=NC

Z'O4']F&5NAJ5-`9@X1[






J*0@*5:B?JD8=TRFVZ#OTVUS!F265J53I7\@UU,JM!`:


.QUS$;2
M<W6ZZS
M`E4;2AS@9THY(EN*2@F[32EQAL:W`.4XZ?.V=E=7F0LP_JF1G-O`D\K;(XD
MED;]L8@*(%)Z
ZTJ(6YDF83W1X5EK7C.0R-EC\5?L@@$2QBZN9+6%1)+/)#$

F2I&T6Y_)8N:3
W9;1D2UT1S(9&G)V*QZ_P`M2$_
MS+6QR
7&8UJ1:$QD[


Z




`#15^`U:#C'%


MMTK32]?8(38J+'8FZ;'JC;E



M8UW\15WNK$O?WTM0T@]4.%`'JQJIJ:!PI%?[14%%6-0`^6


0?6S#!9HH)'*;UN]C?#;R`DLV4
M37.F41

--1?S7B_O=R22YSW-;[-PL`2DU[/)T'
M4`)
WI`+X*K=#V&OCD'G=G+E3R3MW%[@U8Z-2

M+!7
1UT[EO#*OB'








V0)M4:W+A,W=+)+OV@/VZ*&R!3?
IN'1
P!H@EGN;J&55I:@FE?



M4&4;7






MOE'IRL22$0*8B\CD@+4N2!4ZB(WLEG@O92SR5R]'NYKHL:NX2([T4`5=BWJ4



MM'OK;;6F
HJU908$:


+)057*B

0:
7&Y;'/



U.HTY^:)^*RX3GS76MFBHFX\H/


FUBU!5@%W`44G2EF9X\I_CVW6X1;
MS)9ZTQQVTJL5N8T






H_+[_N[=:NI^YO\`F_HUX.FDY(6JUB`J


0\9+P2)P23
MU5


*@F!S8PE!-E3



MH]LF5

M#I?S/*..VMEQ'E\\

8%D
+R5`]0`BJH'*U





MQ9HNC&;/*_C52?DD(ELIDBY*JIUZLO%%W`@E&BLM*K'+VE:[&`VD_$Y6*&_:
M.VA



M2*NH5


ME]@I@0DHE2-Q0TV21S





NDHJR$JPHPZ'[=+M0WF4]#JM?W;;TWQSQ03M3Q5)!
MFSR?3TW:ZJB)I-EF%B!8P`X7;(JB*91#L$X(/:!S;$-%'O);7-WPQX+.O

M
DTFM?BZR


MR@`

M7J#X+V0Q%UG
VF7Y6GKQ1J$1;5RA*%B2WINX4!H=C.YK0BGFT.X`CY?CSB




3R1C

C*@4X

^X?(?XI81V











U8[*I/
5W=
@

RL-CE`




LC+<GJS'HD:U_%(U#0?``%F/15)Z




UC!/@-H4#MT[AS<:]T\_CS%992^]?'L0[
MJ9)$'Q!#H7Z]3N+$]ZGL?1[=N%U,4*VQ<I4+3C^PV'(5HF@C[A(C+RLU%+&





BX4]$Y716JT2Z3W7[A['3@G@$#$*N76&%PJ@B_R
M@VZGRCH?4([=OU1X_$].U=$T]:QQGS?H_X=+/.G)N^72=1I=5;2+Z0D52.G
MC&)9KR+ST_06[%NR:)*KJK*D$!V[1[&W`!
8!*IY3+7
KBW@#&0]2`*FGP`
M'CK7%$H&YNVK!*







L7TY;[^Q0DIZ_6

@W.C*FETW$HU7`Q5NP3#WQ-R:;)PXWD



M3W.XC3[:YO&2WT-ED)!!)!+Z$MO+-&]U)&[M%)')&0QJVT;2R+0D*=,/V\


5C&A0SI20KM:HA%CM2-&!GCP




MUDC%&5QW!K^31WU19P3RPQSTWS%Q.E

MIT!6#0SAW)!]/9N@=.U734&IR;`F?N2
.VV`Y<F39*XG,MO$J5(6
M%E/J.^X!?,5VJ%;<#W%`R8




&`.R

%@W=9%W+'N6AI&XW$
08`Q^6RW&\+=\*^KE3)XOD5LD)4D;X9VD(!7LZ
M-1I-K`@F1#M!4$.UR!LCE#$7OA7](@G=VS.V%

M&6\$3/*'(38.F_;L)PV1^.6RMF?87'
?)#C[JZ/7H!(KR`^%*L@!/]6E;D-R

M#

]/;/#0YF




38-Q!0O:(`(ZY?X@


MB@8TZR.:[CT![#7'E,JCLT5IN9WZ/,_61Q\`.T:?!1UI2IUIFUAI$T:-&C1
MHT:-&C1HT:-&O__4XN;,33]^Y;\K%6J8-8IKR1SVY?2;H029M&B.4;6HLNLL
M?9,B2:883(``:^C/'^587BGMGQS*9F\2*UBQENS%CT`])/O))Z`I)(`!)

5;




Z`$1HK;C&I=F.]B0*T%KO:_@K\#QUY8
M29)IY)W#N!^[1P-IVD]RPH&(4#R@=:5-I+]L-E9NH^?9L7T4^`R+J/=
6CIH

T

M=



HA'^:GI?WAUU./CEQD
MQSP`HLQ7JC($NV;+PF1^Y)78)-%T(\J_DCZ9662;J0&*A62O89P!5U5)!Z'
ME4

M7@GMK@KCDV=G2ZYI=(PCC01K:(BFT4.Q)9!4R$LI52(^AW@MGWX_S+W`R]



4Y1$HQS
M[H9)
7Q*ZF96)DD2




MLMQ]=87B.MU8W$3-&T

M2X
(MKB';Z




M&H\MK#&E=F[0JCX8`]B-(V-X8Z+M)ZDNJ$Z_D$2LVKQ`I@(5,H'.`@.X8#

M5(I0^F%)^\FGAKP8^JLEE:Z+V^Y(_5HIBY\YFKH14:OGP&*JFV70$!*X;(D'
M=1(?DV

M^DQ\L6
QZ5`)6*


M91.E?

M

M9XXD107=Y%506(!^LO\`*]SWC_M]_+[B



P6LC3

MJ60$J7-RK#)%(K5LD6AYZ*O=


K9%H#^$E(F'CT%&I4FI5%G3



MT25G*JNJI-UT`%%(BS5NYE`(1JH@Y(MWK*S*Y(H'87L'[Q'2AAQ%%)ZS'S

0

2*/=#VF7W`N)

(`L:3$&U5

*5U9B#]TOW_`*3JL-S^^?[!^@:8+GPNFUX8
6\7EC;8^UE'HKDEOKF=)63'S6D=_S
WQJO*;B2%]KI%&TT<[!B1Z4A,-PTTJ^<6BPI5]2Y29V

M)^E:
YXK1XVC8B09O4CO52.F=X.17V/Y?Q;





M6`@M[2^QL\[O+

M(^&O5+!AL-#J+S&/E

A



M\?OUH+$TJ:ZAW8


X=PQRYC6E*Y=E<-X^G+/
8BAG+92[V*M2-




M3F;U
X!D/%U3O=YPICG%_'F[7#!





?Y4Q158*%R8%MKS)I;F5PL1HN%NC^S8YJ:U
QD

MP&9WT

WXI/.\K*U8&)5415Z/;I)M$A(9F/5:T;?*')G
M
BL#
K4KA#:K29[`S5@293*^5\BQ



=`E5O0



MCL0W^*GI=_5BVQO&(/W\55['!V0Z0/034*+LZ13=B:)S!.OT!Y]PK`XO&NAY


J
MLXM[B.H7U`H)6.0

E



WL59Y$SV


A6
MEXT

Y_ACC/JDXR
MRLHI'7P:0(%0
/$(*
!V)/7MINX'CUKC+G

M=L=%
A(A$I01
$NL5


!=-;`B0RQ.X@F13.8#G^8/E*.


T'U$EO]%?6;/\\?=?BK\;YQE^50/+_GF`]=5),,P4Q-O
M(1_2:?;]3;R;2&



L\\V):J(
J^EI)HT0

J*'8;E)W
!4U-:GO
MUTI39_N


:K3GSM@1D8KEQ(O3(I




;)YG,&SO<_?S7.26VB0M(:E0B`!%'957X*`*U/<
MDZ?*PQQE6IFA`,!3HBD;L$Q1$IP$I@'M$!$H_:'VAIH;VEG-:'68Z(#IU
&




M=_7WH-J-N.Q2*W67(99@;6/*7$E[.JQ*L:D``!T5(X4A(2J2
JF$HWF84`=@



MH['K3L?EK?$:*WVZI






M'I6K3N&!]-14O3J5`^8&J4:)Q*QY8H.'EWV:[%GML:(:(-;E(5*!E5))JG'@

M5!Z-0[1U!IU&GCA







O7=X158$:]7F8JMF




M9+8QXR1\?#^ZA)4?
#Q^_OX_
GOIE7%_+E)FR$Q_:S`
?D2!T^[MT`'3H`.F
MIXZUZT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C4(TJ:I7^3.4))=NFE&Y`:5J=9H+%+

D?




ML



M*$M0`=.[=C(3AQPIQ[Q2A+17ZQ.6N^66=FS/LB9

$7SETNT
5
M6/KT.=RY
!Y#0]&(IU/6HJ#X=*A]\7]V<3Q3C4N%BQTD








(B/4=+4A$Z@&M+&NO?:4B.*A8EES'`31;L4R%'8/X
=NNMY`9')


M8Y60!4J(+(Y`M
A4!04.8Q0!!TI






VZ0-N(
M(JK

MTR%5NJC/1\8T*S@;[5EUP37:NG;5=P@KX_
#H!3(VL;Q7`65[;WHQWJ9BV8
M-%+=2SWTUNP!7=:3WLMQ+:U5F0_3/$C%-I(UIAQ&/M]_HVRK$_XE4-'Z@
MCU(XPB2$$`@R*S!@#4`B:\O:U8%LDR,QK7:F4O8FI%D,(]/E.1'TH$Z@/Q`
M=ATZ7F,8IM3\FE`+7Q.N7$7AQ(K`F8S-HD@*`G'M$(T@'V$GD[FY2+=X%$0
M`0

RXP8RT%4&B2IV2
MA4N5U`<B1(`V\J21S`3N./7N$N_W`'V^27JJQCA7MH5%6TZS')2[UN4(MD
M9JN*(=98Y5E_+V;F39-R;=YQ-T`R@@4/B/W:[$NBP\BT.L-G@=)NC/%#\DJ



MGT?BZA+L91N[1
11JX:/2IF3.40

)&8LXAW?.&/J)D6%O5FQ7)6
DA
2K*@7V8I-35




M=MP!N5!YYR3F7/



M`4.)_PN4W\28!V_$1';2W)C7FDC,\NR,#L.K'^@??\`DUI2;:K!%J3XGMI-
M/I&6FFZ*K]RSCF2@/';=V9-T`IM]U1]2L8Y$$4TREW




M4$C3&,84U5FZ9@(`;]5!T_.#XZ





LKNK*2
MK`@D:G:U=LJ/`L8AC`U%G'
I)/<FO4D^)UWI&B*D<:[44``#H``*``#H`!V'8:Y
MC*]F?K&;`RA&B2P`14&,4S1.J0#`8'741[Q`!#[OCU#6E;C<:;5`/P&LRM!

K$SCMX8Q4@3:G?J)F=*Q*2JA05V3*8#KMC(CN7KW%-N``&-OY*
M@9TD)Z=J]Z?\&@=B`-=&QY'KE16`K0'F'1$*)K.54S)+J*;9P9`A4!
8-





V#C#5F&%




M$.
A\'9/CKS<:=.^M.O)[-DQ-9HXH8QHE/L=



FI+\S
T5
MA2=ML09=O(JXOQVU
1:.A)\[+U*-=%$3INBHJQWZQR'3%1



E8^MG;.&XO

DY]#95EGXHF;B
MZ

M\XKRS.JL2HHG(VCL*`@I3H/LU*[3QTU=&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1I/
MV.JU^VL2QUABT))NFJ[8YC+-WC!R4HE*\C))HHWD8I\0IA`J[95)4H(`8`






(F.

5P^9%_&.TRKHG`0$JA
M`ZZ2Y(A
LR



MI&L#\M?S)62'35/Y:VD)S#U%T\6+N.^W0GJ#`/[`!H:6
']R*_:=`!^.O8PE
M&\H=%8K2/9KMTO`U608ME%6J0]VY2N5TCK]NQQ$2E$O=OU$=9*X8CR@'[-%/



M2XCBJBU)&O`A;J=?S






4
MJGE5[1$-Q`@;`/PT-$VT@.2?D-`(KVTU$3A=\DNNY=S!VZSH3.C**F

GS!NC=+=@'DW-\`*G\G^




ML?$F@_=.?&6


MIC5;]E#&$!IW([M3_.-2?F=52S.7N

MZ;XZIS-A6;H;9%1804.!-P^9;M(!3;AU$`#\GY==@N5!*
M8:^/7288BPJ

4A2)D*/P*```[!]X?G#TUP-?%CTK
:




+.XF#)


M72O

MQ]

72XSP%9K
RX.L*L0PL^5;DRG6S)(JQ$/+*
5C%4.9
YP32V*)0
??I_B

W5!)5(V




M5
41[3)CL;X#J$I!.J(\$15034BM:U[$_92GVZMQ;^C(I#[#(X!(-.OQ-/'J

M'@-?.*VR+GET2K.$BTVF3;6

M]!!

T3!J%^2\5Q_++(6EZI65*^G(I(9:5(`(#5`

U)B+H31
`KKU0CRE:=B:':?$$4H?M-=HGMW3*MBX5\?9QPH@


Y=.]UR;-7#K1WG8T^%?MU-'3ATW-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-
M&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-?__0


M/Q&M:M0]--?%S5PHS3T61FKRU5CTXBRO
5'^.6;LT=_TMH@6NX$'8!W7:%3



'Y/Z0:
MXY#T.M:Z8R3EE6:YE$SC\IA'M$1V'8=_R_=K@=RM*:VC7T89&!(BC=R3^$2!



M]#O8D?-F/YJZ-[5Z:C;R1S1A7AC@^[9%@:I78!K#
D$VD30\=$I3-DDET(B
M9'(P127=BZD5TA74






?^L+U[#J:A3Y=
M_+]QC
V\D^MQC\CM)4QC]DQ_LO&/(!\X]E*_K4H9ZT2SPV2*E%7&G/2\%+
M)F


I\58=5/B/@:C77D(

83[?(4I!$3?`/MUC+!+;J[SH5C7N3T``[FOP'Q\-;8S'


4UMA/


MV8]S


E_%A_

MD]6
1[?DJ]J$'2[=M!%CGMXWF5MH\K(P4FHKU9*?/HVMH&I5TU]5MYWL#2

M*]23UUO(;HH&O8RM52
1TTAYQZM



MM$R$3(22+&X+^7Z3(0




U\QE.-VO



MCDBC#QN7V&4;B)&\Z$FH!B5N@D8Q):\EDON09S^%Y^_DXQZDQLVFD996MUD`

BW:M3D
MXWN.(1B7$5&W\ZCN/DZ2$M(



MJ)0E)L[PY3B90\U*1K%8IS&\1E72K1XX3/VEV#9-0-_N#IK'9.0/(C'[3HJO

BF
MDHN)%A4%


&Q;+2;Z*3:E]6E'O;1



%9)FBC^LM_3MQ]0IB`*LC
T4UO
RLC-)Z3]0RK`F1YC

(1+ZJWF\[@3Z!]#TPPK*\;[:+(-0U2S9D



0E5XH3\F:8HE0\
MUER)$Q4H#)=_

A$S;-Q#+;Q



MM2:4[`:OM_+ICL9;\+Q^1-FBW
\T@DE%0[!)I%4%AU(4?A!.T=32IZQK/A/+


M74WN0VPM&+T7YY)(C2F=-$7(D*BS8RIU5D4W':83F1W.4W;W%[3&G[DW\QN
M$P]W+883278CZ&1W$


:AE)Z
N]=RU'2NGUQW^7Z?C6=Q'(L5R6.YELYED

MJ$E6V-M8`TZ:A]CZ1BN12KRLP
GBBH7V

80D@!JFFOOD


MI
XU[M1\MS




WNV.+A@9_1NA)'+&L4C=4B2
M&Y]&61@%;T1*HJS1TB%E/+V2F62,V1=LS_=(0D3?Z)UZ8#*^=Z^*)388P]
M3U?B:+C!Q(0`)3TY:#JMU56K

M_2V?G;U91ZA:105`V'R*6`0?A\M)&?A
UE9L9ZE]G9_5]3;O
LU32E1M1J==

.RZM?CIR^.








Q
M=K$:'%HIY6JI@*N5?L:/NCEL+:\'N
2+V#*2RILLXY(*JOE=F:W`2+:1M4



M0D\Y8NY!!DOY#HN#&!(Q`1'SD%5
_22N99BI-:\WC58=(_I(](SE4[@!.1<BB9




M3:L


MDGQ)/B3WU
;7FN?1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT
M:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C7__2TF\P






ME9J@YFFR0.G941.W:F=&4/Z9%9=





=VQ5W*M-P!J`1T`.N.2TBQ:-?30.1$*@LS.1T(\NXFA-:$BA(-::
MO5A!,:&B#&*8IAC&`F*8!*8IA:))3%'80
`_$!UVL`K
H[`ZQ!W`'XZ;C

(=_J)OJQ&RB4



@UK!%$J%#P\--OL+7D;`1P@E98*I@U0/
?56K6





95`S./
M/Y7#GR.R1!FT@Y524244.JH1


M#&;'+LX



M.GCW[T.FLIG)S&='K7T&^6=N+6&:($9V%5V@#Q^V9([^BG&Q.WT\IX4U2FV[

M'M53^T+`J0!^




0L3S?)22D

M:N-FCJ4;U)*U(SPL7\PT\SM=`4E?*Y`D$`7=%E[F&,]G^;7D+)RYLKKHJD
MV\OHGS`5.Z*J[@#YF8*OXF4=0T4\9S/O1Q/&BVR?&;;(V2;GZ7$(N!Y6-*K*

MWDJP5:JLA:/5K!-&60(V6*11-!
W1+??N3[3`8P#W#?CVVM!8\(P%HH/IQQN

M;W+E5-!NC#.%%EE3@1-
A3$$QSG
(%*4`^W3RN.D
GV:8]L9X@!UKJC[)O'
M['%DR8[RC-\D6;B9;79_9JM#/9ETNE66DA;(&Q.XML\YIJ1D4\A852'5)&)
M1[A1H\
F8W:4#Z:%VN9DO+6]'(+G?;.3`/5D_8@D$B


MWW.M3L












MZ2W_`/R]*^F\B
DIZ`;F)%2WE-%


7MDLCRNUJTY%?UG'(#'Q,PA5U6[A^VKJ0)I*$2;/!59/U4$B`)0.CU$
M-]A-JLN.X#CH?2M\E-=SVW16!8JNT=@$3;4#X,6U;JYOX5CFN+*V%_0LI:G



M4G7Z





MF^W^D:[6[/\`;_7KENOS#_V2W]NAKO3]U;_?_1K2G[R;[1_3KJ5/^!5_OHO[



K_`&0_T](Y['3@'CI-J_G#^P/[FM9UE\/MUY=8


M1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HU_

begin 644 g630925g45s88.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0NF4&AO=&]S:&]P(#,N,``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_
```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________

M9(`````!_]L`A``
`@(0@
0D,$0L*Q$5#PP
#Q48$Q
5$Q
8$0P
#`P
M#!$
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`S_P``1``?`'`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``'_\0!/P```04!`0$!`0$`

!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
@84D:&Q0B
D
M%5+!8C




DXME53+0\`D?

!Z

-^
RNQECP]


;T[+&!EFU


_P!(CPG21)-WH!#@^;K^G\B-;K:DV1U7IV
2VW(8')8
M#N=KP=C-S]O\I5\?ZP]/NSA@.)IR'`EC;P;H[




9F5B7#


MCLNG+!#J[:F8Y(+076^OD7M;/\XRPLHL_P#!%9=CM+`



M)-E9%73)`Q$KD+!TEW(^7=IX];AU2PLK:VIE+0ZP`ASK'&7-=^:_9575[_TB
MQ;_7JR
VI@]-^2]WJ.=8VHM:7.?7Z;CO_G&GZ;5U2QNKX.'?=8[UJJ\BRKTK




M0`````'_VP$``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$`@(`@(`@(`@,#`P,#`P,#`P,!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`0(
M`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#
M`P,#`__``!$(`*$0`






?F5/Z7/*\KRJ_I\%%E+)*L@DW(.O)E0<2OCI

P32





M.TNE=U%2!\-;KI'IPT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1

MEB9*#`2
^



MBP:U7K\R_P!%AZUC7KQ_




C0.%9E!*FHK\/+3Q!/CJ3'48U+]'1HT=&C

MG

!\Y(1^PR5TB.5QZF






?W*=2
M*T[([MOJ?1=JY.:O3A:SM7_X4.FZMO






M/%




M$2



MBQ.PQ32&`5S5*8R-:B




[UD3\
M&'(FA^!&I/5
]MC?WH1C=J

M&CHT:.C1HZ-&CHT:.C1HZ-&CHT:.C1HZ-&CHT:2^:9
@`D`G;5.^[_`,G/D-JZ885;
MXIU-C4-,]D?)@9W<Y+6E'QR-\F%4XE6S:XBI\6F5J<IPCE]%ZJON?O+N_M\R
M$=I+);5VE5WE2GQ8(H*_\5/MUV?[-?I]]C?=6*WC/OS):9TJUE-91VLW+Q$


'I2
/NY
?_





7(#&FSF&MJ^?94:55A&MXX)DJ5()#D




M3.?U/L?VTF[;B-3+%Z_K1

M5(8=1\M
F5B626$\V5PIZ?
_

F*5./]Y7J

P#F9DX_P8;_B/W:_
M





PS6\&0L2DMI
H(Y#P_801T(\#L1JR_;'W4R_M5E





:


MJ

N$]\O9WN/




7$=:R(]5('!8BRK:7+C2,IEA7VG!4H0B'$9W<HCX
M[E3T<O*S'7LV-OK/)6X'JPR*XK6A*FM#3P-*'Y:1Y3$Q9K%Y#$WM]/<PM&U

@GK3R72


M.?
505*@:QO#C'(.O[+-
5O?9E+D.(8



IO._2B!'($$HU5GNG
1





48H%H`P=7KR+57B1XC4L_`?R/VMK?R!P;%]R8F*7%S:QCX$/
:F

UM3E#

MQ327*J)HU=#ZA)1*@LR48M0\:#?:M*:M.T_2SV9VG:YCOGL'/7[F*U8M;3-'
M(GIBCO1U1'Y*$+`
;?V1HDFX07`CA<:KJABCB5S
M7**0X[53]%9.X\#9=TX#
]NY+E_3[ZVD@DXT#!9%*EE)!`9:\E)!`8`T.LE!




^&7&
MJ?
*RP
^0%@L4F$6::.1&]DKM:$HC.1C6I_
R\MW'<8F*<3W
$



5Q'&[::0RI[218U_?%

;(R-1C)0'[@3^P:CEQ`EQW#;*Z@HL/(@[CJ0/VG



EM;'
QS'AD'^]U

M7(B?K_5/#*-O^KIOOGQ&.B-QD[^*W@'5I9%C7\6('[=9(78T2.I^\Z\U-MHK


1\Z[U.G;$6^*MHY8L9-
M&RLY=N+*34TJ33IX`@T\/2O3KHZ-&CHT:.C1HZ-&CHT:.C1HZ-&CHT:^2'
MIG1T
)3L8A'A0C%


MM*[T^--?7K'66CHT:.C1HZ-&CHT:.C1HZ-&FHWBJ-U/FKW+VM96(YRKPB(.

M5%ZT
RR!:&J?L_\`']NLT9DHR

?VX6JB#A9G25.:4$07:T-




&$




0CG
FB<5)L4$#6G]G95BU9+JX%]4NJ+N?8UUI%9<6$-:Q9PK8K'




TL@'W


MH//@52@(V!:A)^ZGSTXVME-;@RRT`(I2M3]NVNX#J$:5:__2[C_(ZWBT&AMN

DGR0`&TQC`BUIBD$(3WL:0A&MX1JJB*J_'IJSM[!CL-D[ZY0M;



M*98W8
Y4G\S1




MN

;*71D]YLG#&CQ:7)J1V=:XCTUSC@842!!#3R8<%.T8PB<,K7M
M*UH_F2Y22UDQ%H;


BL^[
554<U7<
^^WN_

02NCJ\$N
\*-1K!3(S6

MJFQC

M78-Y%C






M(%%FRCJ&0-S4[7
1'-X]..H-DN]_;O+N
3D\]A)Y:[0R7%L[`^!,Y(/S`KI
M9C[?)XB0W..O+FWE(H6C+H2#U!*D5!\0=M2BPK3L#(K7T$^&\0T;(.+#'

M.FUCJK%;NSHKJUQK7N$4YHSJ^
M3:%KYM=C%5#D@;-%#
(9!ECJCT:3GE/7JC^Y^^O8O
WBXKN:^QM_?6TA4*T#

CHP2
U?H8E[<EM4LB-A&`H_#8_CK*3UZUEY$_/?6FRO+J^C

;=L]Q_.53R(.Z[






2V6.[6Q
M6.;P202RR_\`#*6$+'X5A'S&H:Y_Y

]N+Q9B*\

#7.$Q-A(@%.;KZK#X%A/ZI4

MO%NX=G:1RTG4DI
C

M+99)5&
1U'


M0C_]11^90/\`W%'QY*NQ/T+]F_U






J*[D]/NU)##]S5&0@3ZQ(H3M3O?](8:C$G

ND
\J%EH

EM*QSNUC?


M6L:*6_

.NM*PM5`Q6;P$[3QJB=S





M]WQ3]^CBHZ*-%3\=
QE6

MSPCT1?TZUNM&5E'F'[M9@U!!Z:?H11G$(XGH\1AL*)[5Y:\9&H]CVJGHJ.:J

MA74KW/V=8^\/:=YB

A!!8$'3MWCBDY

MMED5U&J0B:C%5KG$57M3N1O;PJ_/;M;L?OK.]ZY3!^SMY=]T6-M*$
UM9/Q8
MUW(7FZ\:[+(QHX\RKQXEL9)[/%V43Y*:*WCI4F1PO0?$T`V%?EKU-_(GXMX2

MRR=F1E\-'B[![=U'U

B*


K31Q6:
IZ
OKR(Q!\/+OX
M=-0QR?\`)=IO)+NQGU/AINK(Y./M&^2EUE=;B4



M\I?;BSB2NQFOW8BOQ6&W=:_\9T@*#\HE5B-\2\Q?Q3?@]O'M)(R7!_*O6.
V
MGU;3#9
)[UC@Z/E1OJ#*-[VJ0#R




)K_`!P^R*[:Z`5
J@8-

MEK&NA$N1MK+N/T2LL;2`1\:*(V+OS$M:_FY.X.U22:[TJU7&6M[/-6T4QE$L



MCW&B



IW)=RMB+M[VYN'**:R
W)B0(
MPL8J!6BA:[4TUYGN^%UM;-S8'B`O6H\*IKJ=_B7XV;3H\A@;+V)/M
(KHX


MICXV-[)R;'\3J!U
B
#QYU1=31R7/KEDV\&3F.3W];&D1XEG#1T*0.'%8U$1


1G7TF_3K[*=Q]C2#N'/W]Q:J\1$=DLKA?
/S


MU=8
ZDPG!Z^+9TFPHE;4P:*MN
HO\H/34V.8XLF/%4HS7]E9UE;'CQY$A!*8
M[F

X??#VUP,CVYOI[VZ4_PG:02SFOVHO#\6VT@LP_)KH[*L(S?;
MNXCNO8^OLNZVCRS+

2]O#N6HOKZW
MAG_^W_=]T9V/O/WCBM

-S&#QJ*54#:H)U$5]_+ZXM9;







':D^;BER$UL


M+&I3)S@-^BQW$)=+-R-KYH@WQ9F83:3'CDUW?S(00E1J^BKPWJ)^X';W_3



M(]C8-Q`K*6

;
2JX)J0K5-02#MIBMB;,QK9V!P9$2)*?*]N++BDFMK7S8<<]=MP2
H\U/PU6+GGE\GCM1R]D!Q:
MISPLLAP1<6N:2PN:@KI%973KL=;D-+
DPWN&KWH(T5[E=[?**BN7B[N7]67



T




.IWK@

C


MPOKZ]23370CKKUT:-'1HT=&C1T:--!OX92Z7V4
!8H3/Q2R099K7.AC?V-X?


M;Z7E7
4I#@

AQF(*
84



OIA%1
M^-2S\BYIL`544KLY8:`Q0_43

MKE^2]IYTNME%AR)8UCL9D8(G&[L1]F9RIQSPOIU]#?:_\`[:/MS@



MC52



.NQZ'D9KN?)C9//3&L

-N6*!12

NU:MSD:@IO6@%--GM=OFYXQVFE<N7;F8T&%[
&#!6@R5O$2Z-9K!(@96XU!6N_4$'X=-/D<6:Q3VCM=/Z3O0%9.:FAW
M%03T\:Z[;?'K;,S:E/9DF8Q;4QL;E,I6\GL)3Y$:)W`-

MT:



PMDD'GA(YR+6A4/Z9%3LU0XVJ.M-2
M&*QM+*V:XO%#.!T/A_;[--_XG95M;:^Q
BF3\MO[/7F*T4[[U]S6/(@V%W.8
MT=34!]]A#B*

M19)'VC2K=&W



M-A%=PE)/@:5ZTWIT.WCOK?#=6]TIDMI0Z?$=.E?O^[7_U.Y#R/A)8^/N[H3N

OLCQE

MT1PJORWH^PH14;CI0U%07VXL[6^L
=//`TABP\3JH-*E2-MA7QH:?[#K0:K\
M.?%/8


D7E



MR0#/7E[89`7%WCEGQ8*F

;&(JL(155WR^QG=7ZLOU,=]]F=D7.,P
M*8Y96FN)8Y)3)Z,@CDF(\_\`/D=C3TQ$H50#5N3L^93NO=G8N7-WUK*X
JJ
M5CIR+N0#5E%/*:DZ25'^8#Q-QND?!F6N=G:NDP5@!:YLQ`RXA8Q?DJZ2=$
M%(8TG+7-FO1'HGS+^OT([

L;1L4/)


MH

MX4^6(

M8Y+KBNQ6K(!L1L-R*D%:ZC]Q[H9.YD=INW;(NE*%YDW\10[@[&IWV^W;21
MQK\FV*8==1\APO0V$X'9#ESD';XYY88OCLTHX4\L&3
[+3!I[[:LF3`N[.X9

O$D`\?.&!!6@=&/$CR.

20F#*U'*SM7AG5@=]

PK&&9`[!35485:O%0-A




ME5UU'S(EC;JLN
44J

:7%WKWH]W1T$V=2QKRYMK_*[^/;S887U=8I$28@EN5/=CQ

M4&M:DO


M8Q



M6^WSA](9UHU8R




S=


I;3W%QR5

U_\`





M`
P=;YIKS2V

F/2H*6N5`0USB(YEI+*EH:(




MO14F

9*\!%7;I04TXW3(D.87)?







M^ML9QNQDVV(07VB6$2FG9+[7T]E72HE@R60OMH



/NZG^\
FU

;






MTGLK:'#V6

PJ5W;DW)FN]
@]H]K:9B\O4C'Y
M(7CB64T


MP.P%):8YXOZ-P9&'S@X




B]9BS2!G4LQW+-1J$

M
O%\KK;8+6G2'

MY_+FAL?KX%K(TW#PVNQJ9(*0I96/YM?R(H







MM&ML
#W

RCE.CUB2(\@/O]MMB\V0U


M(R!2V381I^'?1R`E1X9
::L

M2


MU29E(RG;.&[9S+^[:$F04HAO\HJX4^'[A2`62%6E:Q&*G%=8[!=P1C'




QQM/@U916EOC`;
W=OZ?D/-412512Y#.Y)J3U.U!\909

-
-7RIRTX(`/=0@@`F/0J$?V*_A$1JIZ\\=_J


5

MV6Y+O:X7#
KF64W&I)M?Y0D&Z6IE)'M644Z



*J/LF]OI
`$RR:0TM8C#O8UW#2.3KI








6-?*2=0ON_N[N#$]J9Z'#6=S



M]EB[SVJAN1%C+*.QECA8(HY7MQ





.2&^D6
+1.@:,
MCK7FX/@3J6WD5M!)Z<$_-O'IM^W?\-22ZZ?TDT=&C1T:-4A;UV`6CWL/[&G






N3ER.


CW/C[W&Y:XM1:1KB#`US*

;X2+$C



M0`*DDT&VY.Y^T[ZO8``4'0:4W6S1HZ-&JGML1H%KL#
:6WC`L*JPN+A)

-










M+Y@%KO0


M0S%2H4!6++Y68M_J&0_'3W;O#
EE-`L'T[@F6O'QZ_



JQJ`P_*S'D1U%0-CIMM
9%E


KR)SW_`(6!^S34RY_$PM;O%+'!RKNII6E*AB*`_

2RMNVK2ZA1?\`

M$Q+&Y(_S

MX;$$:

M)
P=A_A#QD?`]-2'&=L]Q?U#T

HE=AY@)'J0*T/E'3:HZ]#6N
M==X!X-8=BFI-):T@XUJP]P(CISY=G9S)N17+HD2QL\BL#2'E)=3FA&GN._IO

M;(ISVVGLY9%6\^B.4
G#;25*-%;E58UO]-\0+A?Y\':JDCN4C$4@F
?U9[18

MB\9WQ;&7M?)X6U







0:R+S,A.,7-UN[S3TV^I(AF14];+L(-O


2@U%.NHS9+OGQ_I+53L:-7M*]!E9'K

MC4V2FE5DI^/S8[!FL;:WA7`8L42RG0D]RYL+



2`K^3RFH(\:%2#N#34


QR*CD14
M5.K<M;F*\MH+N#EZ,J!EY*R-1A4<D<*ZFG564,#L0#MII961F1AY@=-]OF$.
MQTKM6`8PXXIF`Y3')(,CU$!A:B4QQB(-KGJP2+W+PBKPGPZT9(!L=?!GCTF
B^K1+PJI+E[BUM7L[Q$EQTR#


MU5UEV%C+C)K'@LN]H06)LKA@X/(;M!))556J/0D#9NFN=_=#V)SF
LVRV$
MC6XQ/$5EC((#5IYU_.A^/E91_BIJR_Q;\9=I;$F:OF30%Q+&\)H\






M6=&BF&]1/8CVJSN7E.H]E?UA^WF$BD3/]E]QQ;&J?2)*#MN`T
KIO\`-J:B


SY'

M/$77OC56Y'6X//D$!E;WEO\`_P!'QJL618O$
!9K9-17`M`F4#$1!OE/&U?7
MM[OFZZSPW:5WC
9/A+SNG*WUA)4SSE_2!%.41_

:\K
M=&G(9?\`.X?1


MZ=O;+
WCZ^V/9.W/A59;:@R'7V(Y1EYL%O;O)I&2YY5Y/F&Z=-+BN
0%;'L
M9%46PGA*H#.8,;/ZGUQSV0O;VQMI9B:.


Z(MEKOQ(S:XU1FVUMHS
)&Q#:;70S7MBL2BX2%^#5Y)ZPD
M`J#0DGTP4#;[CE7Q8#S-L=):OJ8%;AE+X_TMMC_F'KJU\7;/2=WCF39/?^)E


:I$HH``







M'_$G*K?)AZTU\`60X:^`:0[.Z:63(5@3R6%;]VA0LH++LZZ/7Y7C]O22&F#&


M(LZG8[+SQ+B

=[@M6NAR[1QD`-HWV
MC'V?)]+=LUZJWD5N'$/$U
=I=KY










0$#E;A[.[6P^)BXF`P7;IYSR]0DCJO*@%/$45:T%175D





MRO$O*HA'==*7GOWV5BG!S6.R-O;E03
MN9HA\0S0EW6GQ:


K`4J`0*@FJ_[W\&5]M`\*[Q'6&;X:&VL7S+)WWF#C#HL)9`B$:VGSTCG

;VP

=NO%RT4B(M`O(SN&:HV6H)H*GPU?'
MXK^'FE/QKZ^@_P#9O6V4NMMGS
7J]IY3FN4MOLG6=&
:/4@LW4S%QJ)7Q)-K
+\5L6N'1%9^OR5B2
MH<MQYA5-ZZN;`8JSCM7/%H)B@8JU&:HZ@D$J:?(T\=6E=6+K?HZ-&JE_P`F
MXPF9@4::!95?

&W&2[1M,?IL&KV1AW<_*$`^D$V?-!70
MPRA2A&$9\R=+$$8^QSB%(UK4553I7;867/S1XJP^JEDK2/@'Y4!8[&HV`)-
M=@!76J^NK.SMI;C(2(EJM.1;H*D`5^TD`:A710_QT;7O[&'CM)K&SR:/26N3
MDC0


M&3Y09!RC(T8G^V3M;





U
%ZC


XSP
MXNZNEF2==^
G$1NKIU*E40@K5JAAQ8E1JE_U




EW%C




MOKR$^!81VQC5HJJXEY!*;628_HYL@SV.;RO:U/1
Q`)DI';TC/C2@/QW.VFJ


M:QB3C0[AW9HXA\U






M%$]BM([L.X;B-:7OY[O]J^W



M7TFO(4;E'4#:]MUJT4@.S


92
M2)UPD#+L7AXX^7-@$<RC9


MN#
B526
VXPPE3'M\$RVJJVJCS,6RNGR921#NC-E5MC8]QC?[;5=O+BKR
MWFGN;.)O)&_I\BJJ_+C*H8L0Z


5);36^*C`EO[@^;@.12$[AE`
M!J9%JQ'@G$=2:82Y5)XI


YC9CBF2LK


M
E(X\%9HN0J]::C&4[:!$DV.-)/\``30'Y*?X
M?L-1\P-5D^

M8P46]B&I(Q02&-


R2)L&6
7\ILXIK:'A9VG
^C
M%%Q+1*QCX^M(_JCE7B3LVICGNR/:$]I=KV6%[?FD[[M[:$37$;2RW$ERB`23
M22;$*7J4#M&`M`U-QK!\8?Q+:TT7L.)N#.
6Q6UE5
`4K'L6OI%E?EQO(`/!
M







M6IMLTKM7ZZNIEYF:Y!6:3PVMM


MAA&8?50Y4


E'J*59#Q+#XJ].

M.;_31S41Z




1_DI(2W(&8<6Y*.,8=*\O-QUKD+K@]U#:QC'1_FW/,T
M_.5`'&B&HH=V*M2FU<9WEX\^G-F;$B8E&!DFL]RR]7V.,S+,CHL^J=M6/AN/
M9;L`1VD+!R+$IHK!BH-6!GM/$5SUCO<NS_I(+F
;CVNR;:YLQ







MQ_\`[3#5_&NMG4M)J&_LSPK

^U*^4UI&_;[T3%4
MJBX


'WZ<@NT:;7.H
YV
%KJMK`2ZR?B4;+(N3ALN\<J+-B),B-!!;#[7*%

7_1


9M/9$+R%O:W`\/PW/J&7JHI-L9=E



=#(P2O\`B
7)

YDC)9WCY1)Z5.0#/S)*E5XU.FO(7J9J6.UMK:9

J+VY]

VT/`C_+7E\JAO'6RS:;;YQY
4$'5
MVV

=O(


3(22=Z;4'RT^

U,)WY<S=UWP
MV








MN[U4Y$)'P5=M_(OJR.?@%()^&KF]M_=WNSW
N)KV+MN'&=N1`DDL]S
P^(HD


Z(WBR6ZJS*&KR*L
MW'?\B@4'1
5_C;'&/?74R6UD/




:.E01RB
G0T!IJOZ%Y!;@CW=;DM!H6WNIP


JLX@LXVCYR
L8+M(;PD-)Y0QX'F&I0HW&
M/1YC.74BW%UBRTBU*B68


M%


M!Y:3
X;-RW=XT2@1QF=PD+&1W(5UEG,:(RU'J$4`W2Y3



MZC

M2

0CH**`RL*U%-P5.Q!

PKO#*?]

B*P``N[84%PA&QD%


M'IE6/0

(R#
;(5?$B5&69
M#:8U!QC
0TV03#2

M19#DBQ610!:-C'(YQ'MTMM*D


MO%(\


KDCRD8I%1%:U4=[:\I^B


MFG0X4JFN+$9W18
RLLX=BTKGQ6$DQGJR


OE9JT!Z[TW^6U?


M



D:%@D2FCMA12S)*G#A1Y1`(66QH
M8D4;2BBOY:A.]$7^'KU@N0S=L@2/MZWMH!&K,[3(B*Q6KBBAFHK7?Y:V1X
MGMY32++.[M(P5(X#R90:*?D6&]*5'STT-[D64V$.ZFE=36-?'BAY;!E,`*6

M)#



MCQC




M0P4#8FVFW\FM&LO`8T;!=8X3,^PX'=XZDZ0LF@)6PJF3C#,1H$?4VM0_I(
ML!+`8::Q1U:O?[JD#[7MR=F*[G&


MFNWK7N/*W5ODDFO3R*EA/ZP#P@?ZLBJJD3$M+YFYQGB*UH)44O5Q^.AO8A;V





MCCNUJHWU1/U^/3[;EFA1V)Y,*]0:5WI4``@=-924#L`-AMTIT\?'6=UNUAH
MZ-&CHT:Y@/-+-)^N/,,9ZT+I4C/H=!7":3[$4,BFV/D+R8[W`.

ME5J*Y%'ZHK$1:']Q


X;78Q
BZ_Q
MZQV[DY



FQ9-HK'QWGF


M[)Q*ZH]S6][D\;

&6K(@PO65#:9ON;:.\S5MW

152M'%2.+T613F*QDQ:Q.UT_
(0I*D2


=55([&JY8O.8YLW.M_=(L*1)+$_\(D:T

MTS]MP?8&+XSIJNGY7?WN?X;=X




D^4VJK?V&D4.]

Z1=W(I`!@7A4C


1@T.$3*J]9#U1A




%V7J.LS.FM<%QBHPX@(GNU1#+<3A@D2^USE



ML


M
K;^'
J1784J/`_W:E;U%M.FCHT:K

MTV1`#$R[!


MPZSVOJ7G&2

-1


^QZO`V4&I;*'E^
8C
MC6#4

D6K@9?L7,OQ2YR2DN1,9*C`)-&C*XB%63[S4=(
MN+FR!N


&PNQM\?BTLBLHIU]


M$@*%_&GB.FE^#_J)^GH[_3\B_#X](`*4KUTKK\-;OK+6.CHT:BCY#:=DWLNJ


M[?\`Q&G*RN@BO:RG^2_0_`_[#X_CJG#\@&19)91M)[M/F5N+7FLL\-DN[L8K
MQN
:QP:713:^\RW'@*Y@[


R7-O+


GN&;$2S=DX#$PTQU$]Q


:
ENW%ZC9:`A`:@&



M&R&]HY(DJ/=(Y[3L=U[[E8V^PN'Q-_*YFR%\UZ+AR1Y)U02J!0;\D*O7H?4`

@M_#/'-

M-KGM:/T46F&QWMS[H3Y&TMY&M\Y(Y






MX?)W



MZZU-B+LV\




RW2R?5*HC*LO%0/-X



YDE=3U/0IV^5?#PU
MLL\,D%AD;RW@6Z


?-#7((GT\%&(&CN:UR2C=[V

<!K8K'[AVV4<V_F[K4!BVZ[4(TUBUO+J#&(EE?ETRL)*W`+RJA1














M

7.1S;)%H[RAEGCQT!(4
M#:I)%=J#IT_OTT08^\A6`-<A5VV5!5A4DBM!05/0`;5\34?;*LQKZBNDOJV,
M*Z&$KS&[$1R-43D8$*)PK'22(UB(B=RHO=8W^1@M8)3``2HW/V@T`^T[?'4



66^PN




MA$^/QXZAPZ#4W\=9W7NO-'1HU3-OBC-9;698PXD*Q=5[!
7P-
M*U%*'Y?+H=278[Z[7U;&8H4C?;#.E#<@A12@XP4-/56HPW;$UJO)W<#:B





42XAC<.CR[**FSG1'231[FIC7\T-X*?,FV#)#G2ZOVX9/(\
M8P

\CQ)$4K)$.P:OT

T)T:A!JB*YK47XIRG4R[9[W@S+K!)3U#0`BG4_'3C#-#/#'-#+RC:M-B.

M3=D@2EO3_P:G[]9!N*N?EJ6.!9WCF*:@UT6TGB:5,)Q]R11O8X[D2NC^KD5
MR()%Y^+E3^'4DQF$R&5=5M84_Q$&G_C]VF++]QXK!Q%[VY`8#\H(K_X??IL

M\=`K'[V_;L--E1[)VWE5K+?C3I5=]QFOD]U525D5#/
HV$-*5D=Q)LKVQ]J'



(2IISM2RD*4QC(*5<F<`;SG+(=[((S0]
MC6D*O*Y51/3GIVL



C%:1'(BH_GGIM_H\
UE'?8NY$UF5V(.^VQK_`)AT(.X/73_!W&R7;8_)


D-K=7V4^GLO0EN$CC/IHDDR+'#!

F9KDEE!R7(

ME9M=S7SHLI

M4@CF57P&HL_DNTK(PCQ^P;8$JY'.R2Q\D];-GQX\\TH46I=CFQJTXWV5L4T[
V]*-3Z,8=XW4`D<Y'+*H4A
M5`)(M7EIMO_`*&MS;7TUX_9;HK=.)4N\=27F:9C0U3K&93%

;.)LG*C8O)SBJQF^18K


MDJ\58;
15JO-W70MA['U%8^

C'
`R/%Y-):1JC%'09D:7BT*E

\CFQS]*=X?J;[/R?8
6L/;_`/;

MEIZT;Q)$)`8P35%H#S/E1-MV:@#:NS\2]K_][F[1V$(


M(ZBHV/B-2#R_*:_#
=M


MCB-'N.0IOX=?D/CIKPV*GSN3M


(T@ABR7)$BI]
4X3(.

S
MAA
9C1()2JUR*H1


EODDER`M%`'
+)1R=Z-

\IA5`JA%.WVGQ/V:D1ANR$M


[GN7M

F4V03C$F

16RQ



))'#B`?`*23]IIOMJU3!Y(YN%8A
$T[!2\7Q^2-DJ
M.2+*8
]3$*QLF*5$+&.UKD1XW?

ME!0PJ2;/=-1
BEC@U49D$[99Y)!$+V$CG:%T=&

*93U=LWZ

9]

M&GV(M2:5Z_'[]*/H+8I%`L;445Y%2/\`U'II=?\`=&7`Q2PMI+/_`%&`P4D
M&9'1Q[7(22'+`57(Y(\*N0D5KE8KFJKE3Y4:L?[V]Q[7L;M.\S%Y(K7W(+


*=SU5WOE1RN5/@C%;TN_27E[W-V'?61



MU`Q5@U/]T`C['45I_B7;P&I-0:&7E6$PZR$O82?2((1U15:
A`O02KQS\'JG





55[&





R-

M[:2\E:UCCY

ML


H5KEF)T%1C4^GH1@
M@4=O]HKH





:.[

MW/B!\OF=2@N9];A4%E'C`858$@7
+D


\GE2IZ!
MG`/&IV!-!7X:B9E=AE`KN'+G3::54
L(CY$N!?55FCP?4L4GNQ1R_KAM[$7N

06G4E:4T@(<NJ<D[
+`-E)A6MY81



MF[8LXL5@[:

!




M?:NK\7VHQ4EM:QSY&Z-VF[2*4')Z4J%9'A1L@!V'4L=];6GP6ON)B!+.RP

;E5&OD$:2
``E5/B149^Z]-TWN%GKA&C@%O!7QCC/+\79Z:66



)VWCX?K


L8TD$ZTAS6$


:JB_+90!]FEUIC5C+)

MQ`4


6[36Y20$@]%T^P/7<U(KX:Z(/$JN
MD5.@L'K):


K_LTB8R9+HKFJGQZ&]##(*KA1'MR&=#+6$2H@-(


=

7;^



MN1$WIG^%RH5OX2=4[)V3E;G*?TVV@FN
BQIZ=NIG:OBO\OEYAXCJ/$:6Q]6Y


K)E?.A2&CRV+
D0+2
QAXP:Z9)')KI?VZ4].6R(\



HN
MUGTEA=[BV9&G-]I_M^]2V%I#DC

M'QH?
-4CE3)$ED4+:ZABP(A3DB5[9<QYE=[;6O=SZKQPG5<O&LUWD+I(C0N0@)


MA&[GK7X#X#]NDTHEE9C.:?X5KM]I^/V#6WL*9B5K!AC2;F9WHYD6+%/(8227
MA&M4:


MJ93X+'J5T(


M_O#JA\=U.I'+:
U?J&CV'99W28I#B4M?Q_=H1&BW




&BWV
V7T(#41H4EE$R


M+=&?@0.7%V9T'$?Q-QXCXZV-)Y--V]9P@1
=NVPRSY=66R$XEP*$0=K(JJR;
M.E18GT

EXLZ'T




MCV-J&C@6MG;T0:*$S*H-M1SCP;R))QYLY_?72(LB+**=\$A1N1A&JK2*J^GH
MO)]_VU:Y27
3W%XUO-66=60@2





MNJ:5BO8Q&-?[R
:)K7

]D(8\O);R
_T\2AA0L?4+U)V)`W^--]J
M_.XNUL!D



^8PC&O'Z
MB/\`_&-45+^44U:XB\HB_NB+^_Q3]^OI]K3K]Z-&JM?R8-(.LU;-CMCK*C$R


`.W4U-=00E'K<KG!!@%:
MR+A6-RI..X#!K7OC1I$&-+*RYMNUAE9)_N*]4Y.5:]'!1J)Z=3;V_P`5@6L9






M;E(QWQW5WSVGV]CK_N#O:?*7C1Q06T
.8)`=V9CRX(E2S4\QH!UV@.
M);


=FBE1QD:U'3ZQY&):5;7JK4]TP$[P(Y

58
5KD




MWK^I=W4DK_%V+']I.J[_`

MOS/=\K.UM0J]R_#CGI)DHS-8W




M

CHH




M/)G^WC=^_P#X:6T=_JA'Z\/0Z]7=A\*ZY:


K=

G[4=@X54_ZG[IN=Z7-T`6^861P3]RG4/=H;[\9-8
MK%;&V%K.P[R$./B59F^QIDB020V
R


8+V4?Q)#*R_=)
M(L4+?=*=
[8^0F)W%#?;%U[I7:6?ZZIYQHLW
)T'&]=ZUJGQ6C;8BG;'?=9U




MNMNUV;Q\


:ML&BDWJ5W;

M74J9


MAN-Q)
VXAQ1Q)


V4^0.&$RQ2V)BU8F


OU3=G=H8#W!:_P#;G(@SRKZEQ'&5`CGY



MO::JD43N'-56L3GE%Z27\*21V]PH_FI5#\.#4Y#XUV##[].2('CJ_55Y*?F!


MXG

:K'L5%5'-Y09K-]
MMV




-/

;+`

MB=Z$^.Q`)^9J..HU]3)S

ZFB'C&






6Q(E!FV
QY4H]=43)_$^JR

M[*_+


M0M`!32JVE54
/'
WAY;=$Q:MF1**+CF55$Z%2VI%S`


I/ET+7K6=I#'
IXR3E+:
*I9@_%F]`+)L.1\I


FR:XSV?:FK@@DEOA@)CT9UG#L8I`AC
CB


;W=HT8QJ?IPU$3_9UTOK3KZ]&C1T:




;R/=H/QC\:-

@'



M*


&R*[I

M

MEB;B9[:2UCED0%0Q`J`PHP4TVKX[G?73=X1;BQ;(8V'4

M79#7N&QR^BJQJ\?XHB]?0?3+KWT:-5B?DMBND8MKI[&\OC3[\Z.5&N8UJ#J!

4J2R2`









44AFNR\
M;@Y'XYZPO(&JZ6)


#Q!)B5RI`V`)#
``34TW/CCGI^WN\
W


M8VD.$*
1M81AXTR/9%BAC12V2H[

.
YQ7-G2X12+$@P:_%


MJ0I#\N1HI*4!J2+_`+\?5(_'O!SQ


^T5B
8SU3F?.

M^L8Y([5PC`$D2..$5*?_`*C+OT'4[:Y^(!6QY@+RO8!U@Q1&:1[BB9)4*HYH

M-'9W4?$O!(T
B[;%70@JR^'





J8]I!$C!-?]0KE]A=F

MUQG;F.3T$5RXUM;
*46MZK9F$0IY$=#+((.U#N::1),Y9P/N'O;L##3VN1



EEK@11/_`







MM^YA%`UL:





0#(QI)X;

G5EV_8^`L0*V$5!XR'E^SI]NVN;
M^[OUN?J<[\MKK'Y/W;RZXN:O*VLR+6$A@5*E854E2#2C,:CKI?1;+%,=&^-

MFM'4@@]?


E:./;0;F5.MJ8SG0[B
57`$1ZJTK?=9V.&J\Q]P]ZW7;



M


M6U\4LI.\D-[R1T`GM


%=Z?9L:?W
MTT_.(1`0:QT2


MKQJ.8JH()&O9[E(Y(;:6
D6UG&:WARNQHU1W=PO3?<6EID.R
1_

M5J@_$-44WVV-0=48^5'X*

M3U00'!XK1V7DM#4/77:':OO]C9KZ7(=ZV1M\E]*D0EMD!BDX5/GCJ&C+$U\@


2.K%N9;RLP!!$6Q0`[L*U'C5W

M?1'9#

J<([BC8;+ZOO:PP-K.#C;.Y7G(HH&2A25!KM(U%0]:


Q90*O*

M/9.&SV1N/_XBT8D6
;*`!YD'\/(^HU:[4*HQX@U\Q&7RF/N+/)6\OHYF#TY`

MD+ZZ'AN08K53ZZ*9P)


/




\::YR.(YG$:;'





MB9=`(`K5(LNILH:SX



\L=15;/K4:KBBK$

M3I#CLU9Y298;RVRUS;(&016D+.Y=#3C/

M0M4`RS
`=QNZI4%C\W(H?X::;^3LBEQ



L=[YE3/G28WTCI]

[37;0HG)]@!']1/(

-_11SU5GN+RO58^Y






MER68M?0E%*BJK9
VXCI






=?



1JDE4
D


=W@8_P2'Q4[\7V!_*?-3E#RSJX5P%&2&-

M#4


M]Z.UXKKTK:^=K4E3ZC/\0.0]
!CL=A2G2M*$:T^Z/+C'+#*TM
*R3/+VNEUX

M!I%NS?/I4'(X$JW`&+EN


D@AT63+.27*/VE*YJ&E2C/(1Z)W/(Y7+RJJO3@E
MKCK6A9HP0`-@*T`H!7K0``#X#IJ*W&1S618U
\E23YF8BI-2:=-R:G[3KY#R
M''0.44:).LBM[%5@1OX1'IW

@
MYRRQQ)\21X;'_9K;Q\BNY*

YY?:8DAZD

M..MXR5VZ5M[!$`/\1J0*5J=NFDS8JP1PMUD7D8C8**`DFE!ON=+6KU[MO)TY
_QYG[-:P^N'1+:;7V<








M3]VG`W/-;&/D0R@@_`T.WWT('WZLTW+A=5F^-2:*ZPBSVL,KGK!M8[GBR$





MS$&6

:XI(R!;RO:CG(U%LSVS_2OV)89&++]T
ME[V\@\R

M





:2%DA99
=Y3L[`Q_


)B

I/F9J`

M6W:3RYT

:\SYLL(5:YZ-49G\L)\$E6!`



I'86;MZ5C'(02`M2P-32M2J5'6@(^==7#CX)+![VZ
M1>=TZ`@$FE.F^Q`!:A^)K\CI1[$IZ^HQ&RQ^LI()(\;Z>97Y/)J`&O8MW]NG
M>Q9,811-4E=(.UJB(O81!]BKV\])LY/#BK`XV+'B:S217$K+23U`I)VVI3EQ
M(.QI3PU!



JI'P()!!\#IMRPD^D5XO\`425&_`U/[-28\8*^R=K?
M4UG:JXT\.H:NNG3&B
T1YQ+=Y3L[^YH?=:H.[CL5WJO*)\6G'XM^WK&RNY

M2W#9QZ.SLH=1





M_N/L_+75R;FPG$T=``K-1@`**`6/&BC8&H/RUVW[#_J%[([-Q-GVYW1CI;)4
M#5N(HQ(CL=RTBH/5#

/A?YP:VNH@+?QDW#.G0Y'`Y.)89-





M0D?
_3][-]T=VW/?7<W9$%
M_P!S3A!(\[22QL(T)621H-E4+_`*7A4U-=<U?U'*)+6YX6XZ4V._7<O
M_JUYCZJKCUL:GEE8.I$5A9

#NLPRCN(VP%P`@:54D95^!92Q`_
M+4;`$:^<'N3[=7G9M_\`4Q6TG]`N&)C8@UB/7TGJ!X;H3LZ4()(.G,22CF,]
MZ*]6KPUO8T9FJJ_HU$7NXZL42CHT9/X'56&(@DK*/VC6!-E`$K10I(6JQ7D

WC2IIL*_V\-/B-




[G/0


I.W6FD!XWY%!L]JBSB#)24#&Z:VE5D2(_WT;82(;I.<Y44

*^YGXS?O
MK:6?]VGY;G$
PIMC-%(^J#55*3X


@Y5`^0UNQ


.E/0:2PJ@(,E+AE57E'.C632O;(-V64$TX\
M.Q:DDLAB38IK(ZC,U/<;[KN'<+UC-?=P7R\9[F5E*E=Z#RF@(V`JIBHW&PV
MULBL
5;'E%;(&J&^.X)(.Y.X)._7?697:0Q2OSVRV5'J($?
+:(V#-MQ18(2

MGK%;;'QWKY!(?^:84)H!X4^`K]Y.GBKH*0!/'W^XKW]ZKQQQ\K6\)_JZSL[4



M98?&K`6_.QY-+(1M621R9'(W_

CZEKDX;&4%SS205_
$/F6G

M-2F&\[CLWC



<C&M23UWK]M?&M=0IR?\?DK+K8<V;E%!6A*




*1(JBO10H`%3\@-7O*Q








M9:T*U*AP0-H(UA;Y^*ZPV0C1IH)63A(D;K/$#55*R@K\&!(\#0K7D-1X=XIG


R
M2YAF/




XV'3U
MV
4WCJ;:N50

Q+$9-UD6
U:SID5U8T
8]I6+8#B$.62-

?X$C%G[&EKLDRFIW'F=B6!!22


B7(`V3
M

LGT
MX]'TX9?31IB6D6




M:/


QH_F21.



]OOT[39
M^_M[W/1?1=FQ




M


M5ER%5W'/HG=*$4(H4:UNY=JG7__T._CHT:UEU3UV0U%G16T=DNLMX,FNG1G
M_`L66)P2M14^9C^U_+7)PYKD145%1.O&4,I4]-9(Q1E=?S`UUC-H8:.57*]

R(

Z12/$8R116I\

MDC%6(-=(K/`:?Q$T7^]\NQW$S6

MFB:YW)&IQZ])(NSAE`YM
?)*%(!XJ6H34BI'2M#U^!UM;-?3%!-.JL0:5:E:

<UK



X7<=]W;==N=K+/'!CUB]5UA1^7JM1CS8,5'-X%15H7)?E0H

VU[G3*_!(DVVQO
J(@[
5T_6G.(6SUN
M89Y


M.I^-1VS*O(_=NJR1PR56V!)1YH*V[C

J;B$&M.2B4@HDP%*?GX1S@D^4Q.-@U-C3-%*Z^D3Y`0/`^&W2A!
!'P/Q'Q'CX[5&LR[1RNR_F^/P^8^?STJR5E575]A+LQ@,-D8I
MK2R%VJM=!4LD
)L:(PA20H

MAJIYM*FGAMU&_B?%C[A[F36-K=K;






M0^E@B:U-*EF(8$DUH`#6@IX[G46\WV-O_!
BK8NP
^QBC7`8U@#&=:ZKS39
M%P2(P




M
;+$01T(

;

M4HE3ZC(;



MP&H$:W\$J

PR0(LR04K4

:G9F9U]]?C(_'

+LT*HS)&SJS$N:,XL[
6;CQ8G?BM!J
FQORO<



59YAN04YR$%5%.B(`10\

M]OI\';-=Q0(/0Q+H$'\2H`W_`



M82;(5YF.K[B7-*!U[C]D9KLNP*;-1I&NM

)(I6-_RIW+%NY\*


MK

F517$.*5:YSISS$1@U$UHE_J\=KW97.
LV=+K+Q7/-@*R
M13.JCC4D@



6Y













D
MA7AL10`1BH)D*:4!XG<A)E\!%D+;&QW:@PP2

M'K$/[5P1[65X[$N+05A6XXVOGU;:2M@5=31PXHH5MQ918IQT_U`@R&,/'9

M6H


]I2/$-G+D




ZA&KV(U6O5.D^



N85$
\\HQD%S\C%(_O57)_.3^;]T_P`/
MWUTUM\-*1C48B#8


MKW6.CHT:.C1HZ-&CHT:.C1HZ-&CHT:.C1HZ-&CHT:.C1HZ-&CHT:.C1HZ-&H











M.2CFC



M$FLC3:*]BH)]GC&45!Q6.-Y55.+W#;94=O&%(8CD49.Q6/1S'N:OA%1362L5

M/$$[GF$-4:YSG(JJ#84UZY#
6KUTJ7Y+Y#$Y^FU%J\/KZ+/W=?M=Q^BN9#TK


+CKW1Y/@=;:@PO



M1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'
M1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&
MC1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C1T:-'1HT=&C7__9
`
end








begin 644 g630925g58o70.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0H`4&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A24T$```````$`````$```)````0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`
M````.$))300:``````!M````!@``````````````

M`&\`-P`P`````0`````````````````````````!``````````````$@````
M
``````````````````````````````````````````````X0DE-!!$`````

$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,
M#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$
#`P
#!$1#`P
#`P
$0P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P

M@L0``$$`0,!`(%!P8(!0



A

D


!``(1


M9R-X_2LL]



M_8E.IU3ZSTGIM76.F9
X^#EU

:RCUZ\MGM9_
_Z
M&Q$^M77

IZ;/5P:**7Y-37W?G^K57<A_53$R.JU9F5URG?<V


ML8V.`Z^L

M-?SR2G__T/2JH_:%_P!&=K9V3\O7_-]3_1;?\%_.?X-6U\JI)*?JI!9_2[?Y
MOZ%?T?YSFW^=_P_P!#_P!?7RVDDI^I&_TQ_P#-_P`VSC^=^E9]/_@?]%_+
M]94L/_Q/M_H7]'=_
_T+Z+OH_P#=3]_^0OFA))3]$9G_`(G^H_\`(_TF_P`]
M_0OH8_\`RC_+_P!'_P`%]C6?D_\`B+QO_$Y_._X7_DGZ5O\`1O\`A_\`T;ZZ
M\'224_2WU9_Y#Q?Z#P[_`)+_`*']-W]%_D_O_P#^HMCZ!^A]-_\WQ]-W/_
M``G^F_X5?+*22GZ=ZC_R=G_T;^:L_I/\Q_-_]K_^`_TW_==8'U4_[2_\@?3R
M?^2/ZN+_`$7_`(3_`


`:`!O`'``(``V`X`,`````$`.$))
M300&```````'``@``0`!`0#_[@`.061O8F4`9$`````!_]L`A``!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`@(`@(`@(
M`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$`@$`@
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P/_P``1``P`2`#`1$`
M`A$!`Q$!_]T`!``D_\0`EP```@,!`0``P``````````0H`!P@&!0,$`0(+
M`0$!`0$!`````````````````0(#!!````8`0


!``(1`Q$`/P!_

80`H!W'X=`#XR]
MN*[!T[@



MN1K]6
58^O.3[M($B:;CJH62\VN44%

%#@!CE`
2M=]X+\]7M<+)OZY<*T=X9NT4=%

(U*TXIGLMR.6XZWS
MTHUK-MBZ[)TJNUIW!1T=**
)2)?I39K+(R;M)NGZ[
I/IJPBH(B`=1N#5:]I


M-=*W&8F73F08PL1%M%':B35J5]
RC=-5PH(D;(F.J)3`3Q$5*7!ECCVY.
6;
M[ZQY`V91J4WA:!Q-9[97



1YXIIO\`XUEO'M4O
MT6W
JFLO&DLD.UD7





Z2R2A1[&3424`IR'*/P$!`!#K1#M

*:I2J`'D4.

E![`;T':)5BD5*`CZ:R7EXG+^)3

M+.&XB9-Q;
!VIJQ:`HF83'9+F#U2E



0J2L`1
M\2N24?Z0^#DDLNY*0/(YC%P6^8LAKOJG
_G2
MG5%G:WJ*H
XK&ESK6


HMU-.D=F
RG59U^)

M



YGV
M.RSNCQ08UTGV*PGKCL'J#2(F6P3F^-JN.,76NA0+24M5HQ]8F:*3#@5&Q'

9(P!^`]$:LFWA#&.%=U-2





$W5

M*)R%UE



M.:9JL9IA&2K8[=^S

M.
D9&$L-=E&

ER?$BJ*AR&#X@(]4R?_185NUB6MM
MOLUF74


F<R![(];G#W15%R&*NC$M#!Z:AD_$ZJ@B0IR^!^



M+)(
&Q!
4PIQS]%K+H_#X'*47SQR`=^X=@^`_D'#]%\CM^;P8)Y_M9OZ1O&W

:S4L\.0`
11=DB)P^0I

VSB5OTIH*8$





MWE+S:*LK6J4M&WW(UECFT8]NL%%O9%VT;A(-8M@Y42
)0434:
R[-)L%OQO\
M4T[R:^YY'^46UW+*(YAD'



H-.Z.`


M0VA?/441Y*.?;8':ER3Z
MY@_1F&4H&
71RG=1)YR(/.X_HIVRAFR9#MI^Q*7&X
A.)545B(]@-X]PGDV\
M42\L_?-@?PUON&


0?TJRT/)+!W'#)N7B\7,)^[
M36_D[4$9HVF[)SLV'P96VU:+;W;A<2^5Y5RHU+8Y?)&%7LD8[9*<DJ[',7+E
MY&,E`3`SG)N&7,5/]DTP321@E@$PB(=5<$ME*R&VE%$T4U%EE)))$
HJJH8
MI$TTR%$QU%#F$D(0H(B(@``'5.9_/URKNPTROO1MARU2L:QN.-=3Y*%PSI



/%0HH)*I*@L+-E4N26M&*A?




M/$/S!$?[G77\O)R_3P8%Z['
G0!.=(XETUH%GEEB&(WEK1Z+/R+V]5.-CFQ%
MER&[_.F*[DR?X?`R9OQ_+A^FT=?S6&:ZL
!#6N`G*M8H]O+U^RP\G`3L4[`Q







.9W/5'QS





MIQV'YNJC%W+.3^XTU=6SIH
_RY6VJI[_`*I6ICEB*=
@.$F-'D3MZYD=FT63


M/

@V2)EGE=D7

MVDX6CVTB\9



?5N)
Z8
G




[HM19KP/[PQSJ#'G.B;P
KU'HU5S9A-
;\
')-/8[H4Y3N;C8
M:
J

B9N*AB.XN22(CB)E4G!L^
Y1$#!:MU<HC2:A@NK;K#FKOET$*RO9F!3B#:4K
MAB2;E/S\2&

MC#TN!!1

MRVV=4H4(Z'J%$EON

K+;HMZ[@J0]!-R=NOE:GS\'`14G/




R\4
+MJH0?:M4

OHY
Y6T/(U-88S/LDW3
M44*1X]K]-KP6ER7R#R5DA`OCW#K+V=:OXOT/%0$%#U:A:S7HYM$0%=B8Z@

S4[Q

\ALG
MA%Z`?K6OQ



;1Z_5':G7C,&O%Y3(-<RS1YBJ+.S().5(
M64<)`ZKEG9HK%.D:3JED:M))H)@$N6B9ORZT<TX<B.G%/JKL'M'OQB/639A
M61?X?XIY'(+Z7IL@V!U7X*R
\K2LVRIQ7#EN*4F-XRGZ+@PKD


MHV/*7D6PUZ3?
XBK18)MZ]0LA1L






`8YKN(\
TN&QYC:I?5_P!-



M-UFZ.0)V0LE_O#
CIJ9D_&&LU]FK)(UHLDT.9-PG%F9)+)G
0Q!*80%`=F]L


MV:_4'*$[6V
E?
7
;G'4&QN/6%[66F0FL
QN)(\I%2H`
XR@&J2ICD.($3[%
J-S@XZQU
MZ6;E.59

]


M````!````!XX0DE-`_
```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________

M``%0``!(
```!ZL`&``!_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`2`!(``#_[@`.061O8F4`
M9(`````!_]L`A``
`@(0@
0D,$0L*Q$5#PP
#Q48$Q
5$Q
8$0P
#`P
M#!$
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`S_P``1``W`'`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``'_\0!/P```04!`0$!`0$`

!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
@84D:&Q0B
D
M%5+!8C



M?WPW:K'K5_NO_P`QW_D4E

M`#'?^124QW87C5_T4MV%XU?]%2]:O]Q_^8[_`
BEZU?[C_\`

M7WM2W87C5_T5+UJ_W'_YCO\`R*7K5_N/_P`QW_D4E





M_



M&NCV$[6B.VUC??N_X5UB-%G[P^[_`


ET/])\N$;3V\OBDI_]'TBYE)QRYSR'^D/;ZC
MFC0';[`X-1RRCN\_]N._\FGKJK+&/+&EX:V'$=!XI74BT`;WUQ.K#MY$)*8

MJ
+=SF3'N:8.B2FL

$1&TXK!M8=C?!KR!K\


!HDI%LH_?/\`VX[_`

M1#70.^O_`$DC6*\=S9+H:[W.





M`#`````!`#A24T$!@``````!P`(``$``0$`_^X`#D%D;V)E`&1``````?_;
M`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0(`@(`@(`@(`P,#`P,#`P,#`P$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`@(!`@(#`P,#`P,#
M`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#_\``
M$0@!+`)A`P$1``(1`0,1`?_=``0`3?_$`*(``0``@
!`0$````````````'

B.T=C=!
M420E

!``(1`Q$`/P#9_P`C((/@O3W6*=076?`\N=I(1KW%)D\2

6D
MAQF&M$4?


98S:I4%C:M1]=E39,\@2[%N,7!;#V<I85),?[!XGUZE#SD%G@!@&2/'


B^3U3U0X<

B^3
MU3U0X

B^3U3U0X<FOR?S/
B^3U3U0X<FOR
B^3U3U0X<

B^3
MU3U0X

B^3U3U0X<FOR?S/
B^3U3U0X<FOR
B^3U3U0X<

B^3
MU3U0X

B^3U3U0X<FOR?S/
B^3U3U0X<FOR
B^3U3U0X<



M9(LB










MF*
(X\]
UUUD1!-`



[807R


^C$!PWYBNPX[BG61,?:*8R6A_BAN$0MV=-E5J$9A
MA)Z1[S'.6!/A_'BX].`(^:Q1F1')KFWL2Y\\(3`C2-TQX3T6UJP7(;3]AAJ


S
Y&PBAAFV&2

?L:QA]2&.BSUE'LDP:


MA#'=G<+HDXVD*4X6XNQF"4.CTZCDW=Y4^LB3(4Z5EXTR5D^`QY*^9#GKQ-
M7*/$6B$DB*B3P^.*)*-VIG0@28*9,4,5.+D+!%B=5B?=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M
M52SPG8M]JME_.CN+W[4+/=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+?:K9?SH[B]^USPG8M
M]JME_.CN+W[4+/=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+?:K9?SH[B]^USPG8M]JME_.C
MN+W[4+/=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+?:K9?SH[B]^USPG8M]JME_.CN+W[4+/
M=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+?:K9?SH[B]^USPG8M]JME_.CN+W[4+/=BWVJV
M7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+?:K9?SH[B]^USPG8M]JME_.CN+W[4+/=BWVJV7\Z.XO?
MM0L\)V+?:K9?SH[B]^USPG8M]JME_.CN+W[4+/=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+
M?:K9?SH[B]^USPG8M]JME_.CN+W[4+/=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+?:K9?SH
M[B]^USPG8M]JME_.CN+W[4+/=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+?:K9?SH[B]^US
MPG8M]JME_.CN+W[4+/=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+?:K9?SH[B]^USPG8M]JM
ME_.CN+W[4+/=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+?:K9?SH[B]^USPG8M]JME_.CN+W
M[4+/=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+?:K9?SH[B]^USPG8M]JME_.CN+W[4+/=B
MWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+?:K9?SH[B]^USPG8M]JME_.CN+W[4+/=BWVJV7\Z
M.XO?M0L\)V+?:K9?SH[B]^USPG8M]JME_.CN+W[4+/=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L
M\)V+?:K9?SH[B]^USPG8M]JME_.CN+W[4+/=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+?:K
M9?SH[B]^USPG8M]JME_.CN+W[4+/=BWVJV7\Z.XO?M0L\)V+?:K9?SH[B]


MKR*7/5A\O.L67RW#91]8A;2%Z*Z\8WC39#



M[F(J)/


&:/]FJ?]8CHL=5EZ(4@4@4@4@4@4@4@
M4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4%+

MX!P!(@E`@K.XHBK&(Y)/@GFD*P')V$=@!.%&M(Z]66I8WH_\M.-+Y],)2T
MSW(S@%&^Y5R


L-R6U*)(T)+!L%
D)!:P:J3-K140H%`H%`H(N:


&:/]FJ?]8CHL=5EZ(4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4



%NZ(4@4@4
M@4$7-/\`S5D#[+L0?6S.%7^8Y_=Y:E59=7_U]Y/7/\`#W@G[&L8?4ACHL]9
M3+1@4%:-Q_PP9H_V:I_UB.BQU67HA0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!

0IYNO/FQ;9T:TN:#4/!<1<
MPG#




`I4^R^7/1A=
MRT+4V)E2]89;FE%#O:](OH\FL\YHEF869MDFWN4W;Y?.G4L./11'`3:]J6[

@+6Z9R=6P0!?^QQWK(W+T\=@*M8I(XQUG[


MC%9VA2+Y6)]8Y3

MVR7A)9+M
M@(Q


)H:


M[I[6(Z
-.JS_:)L_P`-4-\PB/NOJI49.T39_AJAOF$1]U]HR=HFS_#5#?
M(C[KZ%1D[1-G^&J&^81'W7T*C)VB;/\`#5#?
(C[KZ%1D[1-G^&J&^81'W7T
M*C)VB;/\-4-\PB/NOH5&3M$V?X:H;YA$?=?0J
G:)L_PU0WS(^Z^A49.T39
M_AJAOF$1]U]HR=HFS_#5#?
(C[KZ%1D[1-G^&J&^81'W7T*C)VB;/\`#5#?
M
(C[KZ%1D[1-G^&J&^81'W7T*C)VB;/\-4-\PB/NOH5&3M$V?X:H;YA$?=?0
MJ
G:)L_PU0WS(^Z^A49.T39_AJAOF$1]U]HR=HFS_#5#?
(C[KZ%1D[1-G
M^&J&^81'W7T*C)VB;/\`#5#?
(C[KZ%1D[1-G^&J&^81'W7T*C)VB;/\-4-\
MPB/NOH5&3M$V?X:H;YA$?=?0J
G:)L_PU0WS(^Z^A49.T39_AJAOF$1]U]
MHR=HFS_#5#?
(C[KZ%1D[1-G^&J&^81'W7T*C)VB;/\`#5#?
(C[KZ%1D[1-
MG^&J&^81'W7T*C)VB;/\-4-\PB/NOH5&3M$V?X:H;YA$?=?0J
G:)L_PU0WS
M(^Z^A49.T39_AJAOF$1]U]HR=HFS_#5#?
(C[KZ%1D[1-G^&J&^81'W7T*
MC)VB;/\`#5#?
(C[KZ%1D[1-G^&J&^81'W7T*C)VB;/\-4-\PB/NOH5&3M$V
M?X:H;YA$?=?0J
G:)L_PU0WS(^Z^A49.T39_AJAOF$1]U]HR=HFS_#5#?
M(C[KZ%1D[1-G^&J&^81'W7T*C)VB;/\`#5#?
(C[KZ%1D[1-G^&J&^81'W7T

M&U[WOR4*C*C3I\U=U7S0W&V$];SMK\@(G!.WOK!JYEE-E5EB)AXB0'.
IE



M8C1J$K?:][6`G`$(0V$S?=;'M$V?X:H;YA$?=?52HR=HFS_#5#?
(C[KZ%1D
M[1-G^&J&^81'W7T*C)VB;/\`#5#?


9Q@-='(VL5FD6#
MTE[+E91G/3$F%A






M5&3M$V?X:H;YA$?=?0J


M^NSU&]3=-3LUIDB52G2YX[7AQO5=(]E&`(&3;+3]C1I
R(2W7.::&(I!8R
MU[%]*5RC-*EK\Q'645
B?;%5CA/GK*&LN27'Y@#/D]IRN6F@#1#D6*2&&%IW


MP9H_V:I_UB.BQU67HA0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!
M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*#KW5V:F)N6/#VYM[



-VI_


M;W%9
V







HR^HL[_



M`X_+K-6\X(1$F1/;;#3H2']HK&`67E+5!SB3?V!N#HBU`16O?E$&]K6N*C+Y





ML)F;6./M:%F9VY.#_0A;&TA


5@VM^^]!164?
IU61/


K;40H%`H%`H%`H%!%S

M$*!


M$-N2P0AM;DM:W[JK+]4@4@4@4@4'X$66
9G)66


HS(PI


M&:#8^@S




4(
MSE)@2PFK$B9
$5_XS0AL*]BQ$RB[MUWSSB$TG`NJS!KE%E'.NDRMNO)BA20Y
M
$PDJZEDUKPN\/LE/./L8


XCQ
M[%V63+'C









MF&7AL=CB--]=,A7B6#40@!M9KS#DJYK)E78$X?
`-2D.
88N
T(@W:3R_X

$4W
C*8B;48!F#


J[F

1ZY9=51L5S+ZY
\F\8@^/%)2@



M]'*=YL(-SB


&2
D`KEB
N&]K+/F7'B_P`[3Y64

M-[9.5T?QY$


M10;A(
WH][C#:U


U+$&]K@$7-
I.4


;-',4XRMD/$TNQWI(
MW)!O=L4XD9BLK1%F?W)DSED&-J$3N](6_FI(RQ/):506N/2'EJZN)#-@MY-
ME(LURJ,/NF6FD-DJ:PR+S:42G9C.C
@\U







M)O3







KKBPB()'8!CQ/NKE
M=H4`

]:N5*5B@R]QF


(2=I:#F?TU]?%O
N%
@1%*%BD?\``44




M\P8N

ML$0A7&.PS+!%91]3A^O_`






IP'A90G4%&$'D'XL@QI)Y)H+EFDG%&


M/CHJQ3'H!(I0OB

M7ZFHB)9);Y)7R\V_F7B6/


PO%.&TS6I;-<-6)VQ+).ZK(ZZ%!IS1LTV3MQE)KO


M.)X&D2$!$







PUJ
M4X[Q(XJ&R*L+7'F\]P.DN:$QJ\Y$T)4:8U::F1E%B-$&XQ`*`&]^0(;6O\QS

M$*!05HW'_#!FC_9JG_6(Z+'

ML@88^QM2

./
`6`-N45[6H/-9XW%S+LB@=+Z5QE

M-\TO%=7\&Q





MH%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!%S3_`




M)O;T28H)9))0`%EEAL$-K6M:U5EV=!YO;M_

-'H.V-;8R
M-R%G9FYT-#6D3H&QK;$B=`W-R%(4$A*B0H4I929(D3$@L`LLL(0`#:UK6M:




&:
M/]FJ?]8CHL=5EZ(4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@QDZ:0Y.Q/TH/ED9(C45&_


Z%X1QXQP-F7+

SU371





!*=.2`Q0J4&`))`
M8:8``@\W

8=E-E&$RX






MR.4[B2:?+_F%YP3G`L-'E/+$%T_U2P
8G$.Q-EZ.4YATZ390E:


%_+



MJHP5[W$:*]^6JS






F_VQ4.
MA+!Z

MZ0J/C/3C9#;ITAV=MQLYY_@3!`9THGFLVNKLS:Q+)-PD$B1QS).Q3:EPJQ


6XC2'HGV$Y2XT=E^JNG7PG54\'83E+C
M1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ
M=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\
M'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C
M1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ
M=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\
M'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C1V7ZJZ=?=0\'83E+C


6X]QK'QMB8Y*
\`SD)JRYJDRPSQ%V*+*O\QS^$[M6

&:/]FJ?]8CHL=5EZ(4






H


3$66AYH30@Y1ETN




N08F7#`0
MR


M
(^=RB9CF7I]AW6)=?8*UXUPMC^,XWA#1SQIF&,MQ:,I0L.Y!+'=W6N:XO

(M!(NW
M\WT^23*0-

#R\E_P#M04-E_P`T_49$S20[
7

3EG&`Y.080WN&UZE;PY31\S/2

M







@QJ;FR4IJ4M!I99`PN
MC5);_6JUR\T\_/#^8[CF'-6`HAK2UY/G[=-,J-J5['Y(R7*\DS]^#.Y*ZN
M


MXN7

5KC_BH:9C_#+X;@S&\#66=&

FRQE*27+L



;IS@FB)32'8[.

MJ?ZYDOC[YFLI%S7O9

([
@N98VY=PF7$VAIA
M\M



S\E[!O_D_XJFBQ/[3T4_F;A('S!^7<A:?Y1RV^_+G








ME

`+6[&LO-.N'G&@?6)T).%<5S`N(5[EN6
^H_S(
#\IT$RWBC

M78U
,6E1?D:
MXJQ%)&E$4`NX@GJ+#4#$S?V]$*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*

X5?YCG\)WEJ55EU?_U-Y/7/\`#W@G[&L8?4ACHL]9





W;VXM*(02BD3?F%



MKRI8'^)719A30V4CE8I!6W:':%IA#H=N#JZS-*IAC7F-'&/H^4.+XM.7)@

M:=8HNW.-.

-






-8B;IV6)PQ@:HQ'&D@0Q


M

6^?


MP80WM85[6H5.$X416;-6S

4GVP&0WLZ'8HPZ5*T2%SD$K+0N[D


42$?*%NR0
M]J3DN5=ABKW*+&:2]J&N/*!6$$;'S!7#0NND/0Z-QJ.0UA:8K$&!DBL88$)#







?=Y]5*W/$6]\

?=Y

M?#+LOU4Q]WGT*W/$6]\






]I6GC.VB.:
M

JQ[:_QELQ:_

%:]KU4K=


MO/H5NB7
?S!





M:'EN
LPH7)R#ITIZ%MF=U#(W(6=FU5V):&AK2)T#8UMD)QL@;FYD*0E1(4

NR_53



M+]5


MH$

M&_R]_P#_`)#W\ON$_P#]_P!-
+?[?])&:

M#



MW/$6]\


NR_53'W



M5

MMSQ%O?#+LOU4Q]WGT*W/$6]\


MWGT*W/$6]\


MS^$[M6.LNC__UMY/7/\`#W@G[&L8?4ACHL]923)(S'Y@RK8Y*6=O?F-P]'NK
M;'-.6I2F&HE9#@@4A`.U[DK6YQ2E*4QX+A.3*2BS2A`

CP


;`


M85K&JX



`$(FDL8^C,.3S[@`*C+]%_
`

U5EJ\1!I1@BA@LN9'!U9U@+W!RA-3*3R1AO:X1BM?
MEH5NA%UW%R\_


29269;DY;V_BJI49?



M_
FEI`O*!8HSG6(4*FXAX<D@X!BAM*=7`M*

M4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@
M4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4$7-/\`S5D#[+L0?6S.%7^8Y_=Y:E59=7_T=Y/
M7/\`#W@G[&L8?4ACHL]92#+Y?'(''7&5RQT*9V%JFLJ6&$J51HU]8G;6QO

MK6UMS#)U1B9M$Z2ABN.1'E



MH\!2E*H*%:X#23@%G$&A$68`(PB#81U6UHA0*!0*#@KW1L:@)C'-Q0MP%JY&

M@4@X-G1L$YF






G+
+C
S\R]\F:.\&A<GAP-[/S+WR9H[P:


O?)F

$`L(;WY`VM
M87+G^$+`WL_

O?

2+FYQ0JYZ:E6H5J4T99

O?)FCO!H7)X0L#




T=X-Y/%@;V?F7ODS1W@T+D\

T=X-Y/%@;V?F7ODS1W@T+D\(6!O9^9



O?)FCO!H7+.L7X'Q+AE;+73&\-


Z%KRJ_-UWU.TO2PX86V




'+\:R9'(]L6VFL.=\CGSO;`ITQ0M1O&0











8+);

M#5#43*S!S[(

@Q9MA2B=1Y&
IHD

7NU[#391.]F

;R

3LWE




MR4@4&FS4='_U-Y/7/\`#W@G[&L8?4ACHL]93+1@4@4@4@4@4@4@4
M@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4

M64RT0H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H
M%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!ILU'


L&@ZSMVREP7;+




















MBV@E4-;T[W



4D%
MR!5C`K)V03L;JLCHF

M2-O6#4-Z6:K-6R?+3-LLBDT7=S\G3E%(-3]@YO+H_AUL3VQ$KS=CE1A5-CY
MQM\GC






N$L?I%ZI2_3!L?F(4Y6PF=
M*UZ4MH


MQXFF$`B


$3@R1Q?*95*3(\\F(7



MC*;$'L\P!!R]I,646.#90
H(`@&GED






J.9A%:J]LN9
M-J#FME-O*\S+2Q1@]^;')?@EN1N$BSX*)ZZK4V!W9MOC9O*MC)6^R^8%K%H2
MVIP:3$:PFSGRLIG0H3QG?-VQ^,\CY8#CF'&S*.LT12M@0.\+DS^U'*X?BW

RDQ^GSS%&UD+-
/660JEQ!@$J@?(E45*BD)3O;C:Z+Y/F8F;
M&+L]QY

=N#'*L]IFHV2N!LK8+S]\R$AQ\P6(6
:PM*G22%
M(
A`N


;4YL[]EY/=?+_3@L*Z


MY@=



F1C)]

M:?)


08U%.V
MP?


YC=T


RW;&DTQPE



M79:?

XO!9RAF\1!.&G2W*N1V*52Z9$^J:4EP19LDL5
M/0B0IG!K3HKKC3PB2.%D@J
I0@VW&Q3^X8B+?
/JT3=+LFEPR6*Q/.43P0S
MN2##(R79*E43E?'XVW1-UG[Z2[KK.K^IL2P7-NV);%O(645&603C.FRT'R_E
M-EC$#43:%-F1E#FUE.D0?U)ZN%-$(T(910R/K6M8VAN5OLBSA.'8#JX?2I1


LY%RNAR$JR)%44

Q2MD%.(

D9ADT1N:K_JM%.G3=N.8FDRK*
M4QPRVORN70)!&W77F%Y81!2Q]0K=+3%+


ML9QYN3XOD`E[
VE.=TS0YIY&U$)U
::4CLJ$7%J%BG%@W*CFLV4Q'Y.=2)O)


(6\E(-.:M*-$*C+)L6Y@SB[NACQEN=9O:0I9HL58O

)
J=T*MBCDAX&;Z28%PN'
M$B^^.=WY^0,W%8&-P=&.:S&*



VKADAS.%LQ
OR:P0&9GFQV/*(G(T
M$LR&BF^1\[Q6
QF%2Q*:DCC
WPQ#CIB5'*5#:ZW4(WD-S3+#)/$*C1C,2VH
MV819-?F%QB:J=PA[S='61ER,FPQ.(G$!0Y;];FB1)8TQ/TP)FD010YTE
F?
M52QP*D1]0F4E6-0H$JI8@J5Z6K^5

M$*!05QF6'
A




M[.]G^)6&^7M'WH4+C!V=[/\`$K#?+VC[T*%Q@[.]G^)6&^7M'WH4+C!V=[/\




S_$K#?+VC
M[T*%Q@[.]G^)6&^7M'WH4+C!V=[/\2L-\O:/O0H7&'!
Q1L::Y)'HW87'YKP

NJ3(7-4R(C%!(!A+/

M_$K#?+VC[T*%Q@[.]G^)6&^7M'WH4+C#&9;@;.N0F@F


M='__T]Y/7/\`#W@G[&L8?4ACHL]93+1@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@
M4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@
M4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4&FS4='_]3;7P+X]^PS_T1X0OHGLGQU]&?27;-

M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^
M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^
M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^
M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^
M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^
M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^
M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^
M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^
M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^
M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^
M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^
M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^
M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^
M^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^^VAIN?J#_DV^

begin 644 g630925g69e79.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0RJ4&AO=&]S:&]P(#,N,``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_
```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________

M9(`````!_]L`A``
`@(0@
0D,$0L*Q$5#PP
#Q48$Q
5$Q
8$0P
#`P
M#!$
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`S_P``1``?`'`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``'_\0!/P```04!`0$!`0$`

!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
@84D:&Q0B
D
M%5+!8C



M#76]EA%IKN_1L?;19Z=GJ.;ZE=[/?7_A?YK^99EC
R
@#PX]ZE*/S1_2BG!#
M$/N\)P

M:ZO[



MCRX





;%[N9@S\U++`2S991D
M:R1EEG*
XPXN,HREZN#]!/];;L.FS.2+RX&QS!0X



';I]K6^FQS?[7J)^*`X!$[:_FUN=QP.6<!K$</4](AP#]5\/+



M:YCZ]SMF]30$(RLH^'J:HQ
2(BB==S7_=//]9S

MN=`H-3/VSA7%A)F\
=8XN/L][
NG^;_P6QJE)P:$DDCS0`!=`:ZE_]DX0DE-
M!$``````%4````!`0````\`00!D`&\`8@!E```4`!H`&\`=`!O`'
`:`!O
M`'`````3`$$`9`!O`&(`90`@`%``:`!O`'0`;P!S`&@`;P!P```-@`N`#``
M```!`#A24T$!@``````!P`(``$``0$`_^X`#D%D;V)E`&1``````?_;`(0`
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(
M`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#_\``$0@`
MH0)``P$1``(1`0

!`0`````````````'`D*
M!08`P0+`0$``0
%`0$```````````````8'`(#!`4)`0H0```&`0,`P
$




D-#47X8*BTD-C@U24)58XDT3Q
MPJ/39%5&=AC#XZ1%)@K_V@`



MN0

IWSE5

M24
4?D

A

-R&-X`)TR[

B]=:R\L+^P(6\M7C^4CH?


.V_L`=O9JS(`


A-?MG/M]C?0T3H*LG35.[66!R\_OQ;V?WPK_P-\FJ*
M#U:*_)KK


9OKR[4HD-974FTM2$$1BK*3%B;)Q1VBD

MEK[3U8*J[CH^0/BJ+9F?KIHFCWN511?
$SOUF`.9(`HBC5LW*=+NFV5






1
M
T\P=F.6MG:*P(.E2L#E-CDJ!GAU6X)!T'
B!U2&



MJ
5I@9P519(I-@5((=6_CML-CE/8R[XYQ_*YP\BCF%M'O*$KN`(!]KS&IX

M4O-&C1HT:-&C1K&3;Y*




QI(QI6[1_

:WM=/30=1U\:7(

KS1
J4
:;A)@
I^L<O#`6*I14!0A?;*L=YIG6?$IN)W=Q:7\<@R!`/UD9C8(?BD


M&[EN)B&2`IOO@GVV`43I;E.4WS3%$2B`@.VMM@^197C66LL[A+Y[?*6SAXY%

M`UMKIV*\8&_?[:2A!VV1
J.P#:D^-SCB1R2+QB)R&8!5NY]QV^!&[&A:/][5



MEF:1DRDL$=/T(L.XZF:;LQD4I*W1TX!$E#B@85&1/OQ!Z=R=)Q92#XVN/36B
M7

MSF=


M=UTN0#'`E$2II)@($3(&Q4TRE*4`*`!J!G+LSF\[R7,9?D5R\N7GG9G9OGZ
M*H\%11144455`50`!K;VD,%M;106Z!856@I_AU/K/I/CKTJQPJAX)_J;^\?8
M&WAX:3WF@E=7R-*%2

(*/JR^5:



@7S
=;



MAA5)VA0K_=J;]








$RCUB

HSYZBD#Q[RQ
X;EZI5YB8K;2N'?OY;*#VL.




+(^6L::!E%&H
MD683\DT`$A5)W45'*G44J?45M\_W8[A8G(R<1X[GL^E@)52*WQ<;&7<T+S22
M.8=DH0,M&D9]J[@52E)I\7[*?#IQ#LSP+OSW/['\5SN;RMQ+%<WV90W424O

BDXFB`/XN9@(%F[92
M*@)B#
[:1ED'AUXXTHT\R1V6/


MDAB\G=]92BL.BK[7M$)'%1E.X[9AQG
O+)


M?.&JH*-DE':R8%.JFFF9-

MK35
U(10!`!$W[8



R=



MUGHZOR!DTE0CYNQI$K44_!)PBX04
R?2Z:H`=-0@B0.HI@W`;5QPV\[AVE]P





EC
I!F^770682
M!'1':+M1


KRUOB6*CP(^2

M8KD*Q6D)B3=*H
&+-J@`BHHY7
8!V$VQ0*(B8YA`I0$P@&DY98ZYR%Y;V5C;



%/
\Q'PVG`.1\*4RGW:CY

U2WK9K#L&COL=^


S04
MI\FIL?'?P+C?%;_MIFN-X:.RBR$%XDB(A05A:V=-R'HC4N'&V@IMI3IJP+I\


M+)*G;+MEW?T;5;

P7



G***1LX

MYQB%

MJ;$AG
8WHRA6F=%45J`20*;J^`)$OW$_D'*%19(Q4Z@M2J!6Y'#E%9EW7(

MK6OI+)B_+785M+*/I@[1
0%&-3D3-T`.(`4ZJFQ.KI/TO)V*Q-W+R2\RRVS?

M)7^$R[C3U*3ZJPAX&QI8\V932QG3YHM=LZU6N5GC'2K;D#2-)J
U=9B.8L

M2J%QR;R/XVY)D\7-
:.]/=L3X\M:KI3H[J[B?J41*.#K`F1,A5Q7<F[A0*4GW#8-

I4U/



Q^4KB0@J8U?C8.*5!%L=U

10J#3=7IX&EZR^.[M)B[=\7C

M1K9TQ76:N7#5&1(&Q#`HH8J@@F`D






MA#]LX'U&/E+P9GFEZD%TBPRSQQ[R?9%%2


M*1-1ZT[#XW]'X
M%RLK=
-XMF\E/9M*+2TCLRMM/'+6)X8%C@V&40NKKK/1&Z!R-6U=//KG[HT:-&C


MOG'H&('@-?0)\
I/Y1T?H[Q<_P#Z6QW_`(6'_%H^M')'_;VY_PLLX'_`+P'0)[C
M_O

MQTR3D-YR$P0U=7JWN&SC
N
$%T%K'

11)5
PE
40V$!V


]]S*]PG



J*!5@:HF.8C=)!$(D:;(\HCO;OWBWL5MXZ=$60
M%1U).T,U%%22%4!17H/29D=HN&\![2


;A1ZE#EMH^:FD5S'L'\/W
KZ7)7

Z3=
98V


M'7C]REU+Q;*W3J?:WNI%-.OT9Z_:`TU)3C+?C`Y4)9





W5U<9&1@3)-,LCM3HSLQ9B``



M6]M

CC)_36$F'R(O'*[=$BRC

M#P`5#C[3&$6GR7Q+]V
@9!!R46
3


MTULBV220:J/93$


M+CV!0QX'`VUI5=I9`AD9?4TK
E0AI`
(CP`V-,5(`Z`,`.@I
M7HQG'NW/97B')[CF?#_A]X;BN6;P\5Y:\;6&Z5ZDL_GQ6J2(S&A+1LK5-6+%



E^H^2RE'[B#7MJ_'W
E$E#3-!R34J?)'


NVW9GFMPU
M[D^
Y)

CET`;KE@)K$D$_.F7;8
MR
S'PJ4PP5#;[MLNB;2.;A_;PW`NSQ&%YP:CS)I)%^RC3E&_XRG23Q78GLK8
LX@4H``;`&VE/'=VT$


.1US'*:6Q(JB@


C-S`49K$

CQ_C5I3[




M464
.J)N#K3G?CXXFOJ\O6-FD79E6]BA7MQI#]
ME*+1B;A)@Y!1VNLZ8.VJ+I0A5&YT^HAS$4`Y!$HQNXKWFXQ

LE

MBHJX.X)VG\LJ\,=N8P=AU#K)0,8PFW,+5KR61+IKJ`21N7WC5(-:_2+%

HH^U
MKMRAD'F+FZ-5@\N\H5+E7G;5[54LHTJH4Z2;IE
0B
K4*.-;KDLF!3CN#E


M5YK2YE93XU#2*[#^5I`%\*VLJ/2QL&


U#UJRU;VR373K_2CJ=IQYSUP-8YVP45TT
M=2MS@'+6!N

MVCE`9G4[BO4M&ZCZ)\*FOI^YU0GQ



MN
:LP?9!D(:/K
A*3]HL[%G.D:/7MFC)AL@Q@H8Z3=!L1)4SM9RIE!!(B2











M:66'BUD(PQHXN:D$=6%RHW*1[2@48-0$$!M=;3ULN=#U=)RTS/E]6
5



M[8O:4!90X.=5/G\J``


Z'XV\H\@KWZ%S%CRY.

M:*VHYROJ]$Q9SQ\W4(2;*NW6ZQ!PW;&3`I1





MF3_FZ_/HU(_*P_RDT_MNCWN'_*^T=&^.O@W\F3_F:Y?1N1_VS+_*3/\`MFCW
MN+_*_DG50DC'@7_DO_S-?OT;D?\`C&?^4F?]LUY[W%ZC_).O?-C_`(4G\E_^


M^/2T\;*]*EY$8'5!!(Z;?


M(F5S+.
'[F*0?J)
5Y!NU7
=$BQR)G4``


ME+-I([!&19@+!5`8JP%2`3TT_J
]
[[WG9EKAXME3*B4?B[#3/)MQ)
M!5


KFVLA;&6XVI'YD\



28Z@)&((*;J$`UV_P&-98Z;(+?JZ1PQ2D&
M



MCN#JSD_2]E455W$GQ8`#UX$GQ57


:1/3L?ES
MP,C\EK@[11EF9*CB]E8@
R&5%:0=*&(95-F=$.O6&.+1*J3392-;26Y
$+A

TJ[;JY



-K7_O?@O




Q\WLLO8V
]J+U/)VY&)Y
M;6[ANVMT$L!V[)MT




M=U:L&:DR;/:1E`;QUXS^G*VGL-U7+&


MC93)(Q%0I)-52IW-3;[)%:ZOCXE)



&:-BR*9@U5U[^2GIPU+CB;.LY)9
M$N-OQW7



M+6XN7AM]R;B[(P0L^TC8AD.T$!CUJ5I4ZR^.?%#?YWB]]G;'@*W\N&P5OE
T
M8+D0QVD5U$UU'#:B:-FN[E+13-+&S01@JR+
7HIS$!Z0U]F*4REY#+\16[NY

31LDHV\N]2


M8KFK)-JVNLVVG4HF/6#*-M)'$[.3\U:E`8G13(4Z3


M^MW(4!29*7DHR_Y(DSL:SCLTP+&V-9;&5JHW=/EC2+-FP37Z55`4()1R+SB
MV

A0V281[F0
M4LB_12CW_CE*1K:.0QOG.G97HMSN.-G)I=9TP
N[-C6=)*-E4=V*+7O)BN

B7CE]Q
MF^@X4#QOWNZM


7$?1*S-;O;\=RU:C$V3I9\H1A9*!)B;S::2Q


7/YJ')W^3SFG\F]EUJ<_\`[S7Y)-^+;2^[4FG='ML
M1X_G_'_UN'5(K@-QHJ?+GD7`8-N%HL5/9V2N6F2CYRML8V0=(2E<B3SA47B$
MHHFD#!S'L7!!,3J4!84_#I$PA'#C&'@SV8BQEQ,\:NK$%0:J-W6OHH#]FFN
M['Q`=T



ML`JFBFW



M\*%\92*?D4$%O(BC\_5N+B`NI7CL\FLBQ72V\QV%=CNVQ64%O;C+^S7V6].V



M1T8'T@TUK


VVC8=S!9`NM)I57//




M@

FQCKD9`84:\A+'@MA6WI@;T(6K

M8VDD5I[2@CY#ZQIKN-?%SR3.8CG^/O.*XZTY_B)[8P022W`MKRTFO(K&2:
M-MGF5AED5C0$

13!4


M\\X$#.)J47
!`3`5G:BH@F41





M7=9/$%DW0/-&2#Z5W`D'_BUU0DC%+;6J5CQJ-BGBM_H7`-$DADG(I-5HJ
:L


M'




M`






!;FE`E;&D
M
=C&12K3)V]DQFBK2*YT&S2-7;&



M.DQA=SEK)L8G!XGIN9IZZN*54QK--H
Q27]TM%CN+]6=;)1\?`^:B(Y`J0JK
M.G;PYA*1)
3A5%PW%2923&M?SJ%MTF9]B[4C


M-JOP?H-BD




MIL7-\N9Q(S
Q(JH
8R
9(E


TT7RL4^




0(1RX*S(JIW#G
8@D
V\GQ%=LQ.N8AS0?
):^0&
M59FBZ*4\X*(2VXJ?HD[:]:^C3OFV[7VV`NNW62[NV2]JY^0#+/;I8WDF0H9%
MG;&F:)6@
`G4'WE$
A4;0H!##;
S

/ON.]OXA0`4
V-\6URF1$ER@QV
M^M-#NF

M
V&P.7N
BD%Q@;N2VN;F9_


UY3XDU19N

6/M;@2Q*!-4`TWQNSPBH9@6WK2E2*'I1=




8Q=(K

MB=P0-DFPL%4`@@?27J!UUK;'M+PGD7!^Y':K$9BT:&*UQLV%R$EY9`SWUG;

I*LVT'4.WJ`62IV[F/R$LE%FH6Q4^6O3AQ7IJN/




\GY9W?M'Y7
MD


U?EC;K+FS)#OB
M)2$+GR/XV?Q?LL3E7Y'46

D;8Y5LU:=+7S*S844B
M85%#G6/B3_$AP2YR=Q

C=:ORF




MG']H\PA


MO
$%S=P;6CB83OY\(8QLHA
CG9K7
MN
L96R[2;D;BIDS)9.-_(7(F9^.-MB
M;?3\41MPBK[=&64H^IY3KU^!.PPZ-5NK%L07;=



\TO'.MSCI

E*YQLC^[R7PB(813YQ3UJ#+NAJ$?2*


R8@F[
M)X@Q(*!DB[!42]U!
VL&R^)3MS9'.5D?W&.18R5F\9"7_`)BE5Z@=.H/




MB






M?)/:6L


MJ29W)7!'10




M\?\`UN'5.OTC[U2


CC\1G5RF4O8K?'P0RO))(P554(:DD^J
,5Y^Y'I84SDVDG-TR3FF.Y*1%ZP;!O,.WZKTB?QWCR]UV5;1I+0_
MHE%K\?Y&B8UX5JLHH#M%!8BCD$53=!=4WQ=ML9CLFMUW*Q=SDEO0\2128

?V*TR^&.&=VCX;*_(VJ\DLN

M?)-+CK]VCGNTN)`5F))1MZQH1!0*'ZEC5B.E!XZ4V=/;;D6-Q5ES?O38O?8C


M5
G
/7LX5..<@5NJ1NT,D<
MG6LJKKR?XDN#RW^+R=S%,;N5VC8QS`M')N*QD^3[03<-A'7;TIUKK0XRV[+









M.;PWF

XZ\Q3YA\-=
$7[U


[.C3(BNZL0YVJI94W#?5

WJ&Z!DAQEQ=R6UK+`K6R&XGF2&6[$#
MBV5;81UF












M6W

M54A0*;:\5XR.

FTK2@93[1U%3NAW2N
M.[/9;N);OQY+?(8BPMY;Z%I2UQ;7ZW\]O=6TB^6%VHML9EDW;I(Y5!136EP?

MWE


W7)*^


L5M#'YL7FR%8KEBDT42
Q16;6X9'RPM*VJ-RH?/O$UK


M!]4HW(

$R$2S0H\B02A9
M7$3TFD




MC

M1


^7/Y
MV/*+^49G#\IMHU$[/?[;R_Y3+^&VOHS[(?W.=K/_`-O8_P#JD6I0
'2F9
JX




V9T.158LO'#(

MN2QH2A&WEVTRG
N.+QQ^)W]AF;




MX5H

&8*188ROO+#1*UBASC&AN[0A).:U

2%V3S:+I9--TY.1-709ON3P6_\`TPFM9Y[?$R\?6UM+2:-I


@\P3/--YT+25\MT





-1
M2NI66.'N9DWE%^PM9KS(-WN=^1,C8YR3R]$!A7)W%JUXNF6N-,8UW&V1$_A
MEQB)HK!%`%*^S^$NVKN16?F(Y.J[93@U[P#


?D\'%[2UM9K^T



I^UC9Y-R1N
78IR+=.XJ9D:F





M\E8TNTCA3CS8\&MZZ+6\N;A-9+@73&LY

9C;^&UO

M9&//G.(SW+0W-]'&JW





MT


$TIMUM;21((
MS(*O&/






-_





MH!$H

%SIDB8/PM!S5SF
JUIP\38Q\H^3=XL4B9[)5!D4J2S'

MHT*^-K]8IV+M)QNN-U
&F4UB[(4!6)ZUCC^[-GG)^3JJRMFK+B%R?;J8\(TBIQ\D@Y<I1RY?

WF+PI=VTDT41N+=EQ2SJ(I1):0SC?-!&65

(-7L@Y

@
M)I2@8[Z:OY^/%W\:


M7.3F4C2Z)@BJOG'U4TC
MB@

L


DET*_G04


4[Q


MO=#-8GF9PEU:9?BUED(VN)9(9&NDR7GLL$HAM[=%\EY)9(7C!``=66LFX3I\
MBK8=;TD+]9^^HB:Q\(VJ9E%!%54X73%
?%G24.8.HYW03(IF
/C\\1U._)RT

M@-V:NRX#6;NIRR]Y[EN*X#BUA#[M88['BZN+J8;_?'VVHC2*&J3//&R;W)A
M4Q59D#LR.\EWBNU6;RG#L_8WN09.4W/(PRM;0PRRW

.5(-#K&2419(;N3/=TA%97Z7^-%G/;23L88
MW=@#!;WM`H


M5=.YXSJLLK.^0MDQ+/96QC!I6O`+6(LDT=]E.E/Y9)V!&DFM)M05[14P4#%.


:RL%(W$G?L7WJ'?3%1OU
M3RAFF\%R&]@)/'CNWX_P[.+7R(LN=LE7&'J`W&NRN*KU#TF8MF)):U'@S.XF
M$;


:U+
M+=0K
RW-Q<116]X]^/
M






MY%X;C'MRH*MOFG;3DI86]JL]EFY^F0+Z:E[!$R$1&-6X&2!LO%-%6RX'
[67


4/*
%7_OD/XQ=1F^(BY:/M;W3VBI

MG_


:!6=1
5H6F$9%(5D+515`78%.T&NHE=M.&9V/M]


D5Q?

T4\+RQ2QS
KQ!BDKA)S1A(0\:J@/L@D[0Q3O!W
M
#C?D:=K\7CS/2X6!=)I7H?'6561JP]?INW+1-C7XF8=1S6
=S2SE0B+8C9=

5I:BUCQV7$2(;4


#*T`=G
9ZEP5B4;B]=

[J':C4=44R(`#MIO8AA6I'32:\H
RPZ$$I!/GWG;+&N7<1NZ<
F


M


8B_%

(0*3-


MEI)[R[[/-FG@BC)

@(ZR(<@ZSEB*IK*1I4O46F8[*D6C5&
M]*P%RBW4-Y/R]C8T[&7:YV.2R-.34?%-'*<7%Q9)*.?H0ZCHC))X1J=N#/8
(%:A_<SQ)TQ.5N^.7ZC*
M6\!D4746Z%MI`;?Y;H5-#[*U.YN@)/0U@HCU!^.4?=).#RB&7,0Y5J<_:HT






$


M(Y0T=9J*1S;(:Y
:_3+Y1-R@HV+EX.2F&::T9
(*F;^9
9L)@3
4ABFWB-

\YY:W;KB]CBN/WMXUPD=KD
DI


?#;WLC*I
ES91BUDE
^T/=-

M9'_05_/=L7\GV^_ACC;2B[8_K#)^3O\`NKI._M!O[F\)_;T']7NM7'=2!UQI


M&O15LI-
I$BU=Q]QRADO-5D?V6LPDHSK
)4Z




M*?[T?%+R?A7

.YML@]W2ABZ*K0U#$.2R^R41PW
MM!9W^
.2N

7WR




M4F
%1&SQ



M+2






FHOU8E[$QTD[BCR+ILS$Q&J;8CEPBF583*E`7




89_

.IX?%3_<!W,_(#^&FK\^I/Z^?W1HT:_!$``1
M$0``#<1'P``#VB(^X`T:-?/AX6WC)$3?DJ1CJCQ&59/)],<PECQ]-4:0R4UD
M(%0B'WT@6ID4J1=V6

M8A=0B
K+=;MKR#RWK193N;;0L&OPOQ8?$4L2W.3N

5S8)$P/T6W*%








MRDT

MSI!-S



%<&=F5550*W20444`!?#L@8\)R;&\XBN4;(8N\1D



MO*8&*=Q&H=U

]%(45`K2I'KB-]-S-_(SG!DNT8PL#OCO7HBT*
M1R1D/+V0+-]4*E0I[24BJR[GG+MDE+,)@HS5F8M1128-$F=%[[A(IR#I?6/

'2@60
RO4'I'KD?PU6&5Q



[V)R

MDY4;_4L@5)[5S$KQJBWC'E
;O(:+E&\BG



)-M97&#3DF
M$;U7D)_^T745OB#DW]NNY

M_MO+_E




M'%EEN


%WG;
2A.T4
M%=XC)B.98_#6&5C_`#_)#/Y9**C1
C80-M/50:TD.1BR8&1BO5N

.
M*F]RF'-S(_J
FVS$@Z:/S3=2BZVND=FV5C^PL_25=J*NF[)$3.+.LAF#$*#T
MT\3AE9.3'JGPG(I_ESC70^
BXN([.!<FR$4QH6KX@
2I)!


UTDM@






M'TBDDC!D:
BI]BGG%0RU+[G!])%*1-?_`/0%Z4/(WD?R*Q5R.XS5.6RV?(
)
M%XIN-



-Q&\
\2R0L*%6`92/40
M:@_9U0\45PCK.@:

M1

M9
J:9$4&[1@P0;
&#)JW3(DBW033002(5-

YZ^``







M%HYIIID

MV

V[SM4]P
#SW)

=Y@(+2VN\0;
M




4DR5VLR(S*2*J6!I2M1XBM#3IK!O,;8W5'GM
MT:91[+%5++44J0?G'HKZ-
9Y50&8L(Y*O.&
C6.M2$Q59J2K#A6(QY2JU(2
M$6@1(&-@1EHNO



1@03&%5\
MW(3%6MRK``


M45$P`HB=-5(Q#D`#_
$3%

M^PN8C);SV[QLH`)970JR@-T)()%#T]?34[GI/7SEBEP^P

\G


C2QE?(
8K
P9`9%`1BQ!8)J+
&5/65*39O6R-(:
E'Z+1KYM%ZBL

MV/91EIAZ5EJ)L$Z16I+2K-L*S54T


MEY8Q%$1(IH&8AD(+*/:Z^C=3K32


M^2M.M-0EVNP2]CECNYE^SDEVB9H]NYCHB*@F`M4G3IS_`')%PK*/CFR2[MVL
MN82)%
JJL=0^ZAS&%A\CDI



M1'1I%'VR!KYWO$K()



MU!G@@D1F@VNTPF\L[5CB+3
/=F^7\L[2
M<\MLAC^8XF_\B[A=-I7I0,HWA)8)D99XI5]F:$K(A=62JYZXK^GQZA?J-X*


M=


CH`P/4HK$
M@$Q
XHZUVD5Z5`(KUY1@;92;O:L:YC9NW^A`TB[/3YF(:5J8K)I.
1GXE%


M821JTI=8%GC2001QH5&S:+9G*:0!IZ%D(Z`P%!QQ4XG-`,(;?XLXPS'`7Y





M.TB6
L61E.Y2`I92-I`]#`*'P


HU90Z;2I6Z67=5DQ&102%1

MY_`W=I$IZO)&RQ^('20C814@5#$5-/'3HX7D7'N1


N*+7&


M6VZ6&*KQ%U^F@5F16++A@Q^+_DAA%VJX4<NR\BL9(RBBYSG=DF665X1K--Y
27#?PHXS_`,D#][75OX*+K=PS1@_S=U<+]N4O_\`7U#J7[D/



MIZ@

)RZ,Z.A(\Q57:S/$P\_`SXUOT\^!/G..Q.?P
U_P`#

M'GAR;4


`^I

M@B1)%X]:'_N=P1!Z0!`RJ)1-J-?(N)9[!QG(9/:]L\OEB0.&W-M+#H?;'LJ?

()9(+FW:.0A946ZN'D3?;M)-=W!E




F@0UK5!
*=?2

MZP3C7B0CL#D0!NH0-U13
`F4Z(=@_BOM9+#'\
[FY
P7L*K'!?N?JY$'14NG



Y
B=EADZQ4F%\2@'&Z2ZT/))0J4B]CRJJDD



M9HMVDB@\1

AA[<;/&58UXO6SREQ
M
O&;L6K\2$HT^8FV5\E07
=K6(B9(
9)L4ZDV9HW5$P+5-C/I3)Y8'+EATN%

$?X&,1?BPH/X*1.I=X_\`UR_H4_!&OFBYA^M


Y#`)3$.01`0'

I`9&ZE)%5Z&A

MB6

6B@K&
MZBH))B(CU`(&`!#=YGMKP#/




B=*

U6RJA%@(
MF58[0216.5LMDJQ3V4J_(Z

M*(H1)&&&Y7FI=AN(H!-UZWY[MA_D_7W\






#SPQRM9``YB,BL8RX4!BM0`#IRN!;IB.%?JP.7Z5&R\
M)(+D
TM!6BB[^5-TIG(_;H#W7T28`ZNI,IET1WV*H4P%),+X=OB;E[?VT'
OL!)!
M:]V5A_T[&NZPP9@1K1)8921'!D0JB(F4I;W2A/,D@D1I)I'&F`L36!2+OF(+
M)(T:;9D)\&NV*K.O%O&QRBN3M2$0Z(JDJ0Z:9CE`Y3`)0Z@W#71NVR?%^=8





U4?.


\IS6+







8Z:9SD%
YR$
9
?$4S&*`F((^\2B.


M?N;*/Y:LD:DKP']4L3_VOXZ37!3XO?\`W&=ROZ:U_J%KJ2O2PU&W1HT:-&C3

`=J.

M/
5?
/RB_&?^S9[\_#3G



D95CXUZDZ@
XBEVC@QU5VJ2KA(Z)2(M%NZ(IQO[M



HRB4E5%UX&DIPKOZ0.LQXJFI7XE6B.F3=P+EBV&9
M249'(J/20ZJ2$:[.YM\A;%DG@F'57\IUEC)%00&%00?L]#XD==3`Y+QGDW!\

W$_$
\%?
M%%[.[N;?;$T\5Q'%MCNO*7SW93+OK)(:Q&IJ#IQWIJ_GX\7?QHQW^;Y+23X9
M^L^'_I?WCJ1?Q4_W`=S/R`_AIJ_/J3^OG]T:-&M1OZ2:U#NR*ISII*U&R)*J
M)B!5$TU(9Z4YR&,!@*<I1$0$0$`'5+J'1T/@01]O5ZWF:VN(+A`\;JPKX54
M@BOR=.NJ+'*KAK
\8;\A7JY+2M^IZ=!I%^7L)X0[%6M1UV?2L7$Q-C6;JN8[
MS8/XA1%-R4R!'8B`E13-N0&TO/AG[@YC!MR?AT4.3LY;B6-;=)%2\K$J.Y6%




M`/S^XRQSB7N-^+*_APZRAEA_

BCVR)
MI_

$CGMM;8GJ]7Q[$LZ_5H-&)K-
M?=KPC=FU!8$A3(1EU$EU-R'</DG8[NOEL5;<VYWB$PO'DN!%#!(P-W20%NL

/!EN`?&/\*OP[XW


J`NY^'



S2Y'$W%JZ7;




MS)-%4J*+1=H%`/D`U
Z41+)V9
IA#










M#GWTX?F.WO/LMQ3D?#KZ

7&C*3K@8[?YVDI%D\5KLU=JS?)+)4))

HK'.G#A(W=.5$[?K$1B3:=RN22Y2XDNL'#(L[E

M0X?S%=(F0`AE4KN:1@K$FK=*A:$=.E=;OL5A?A9^'*R@S^0[M83(]QC:RP7-
M];7CSQO#+




PCU\&'QU_`7W`[D




5K3Q]6M]RWP&X&\2)JGPO*+GO(5.P7!H


M);K`X-G$+=6#@$





I0!X-RB\!T
M(E;F:*$5`_;











M_8&NR_P=\YX=Q#X?



M(T)/146F[GV*0.7$65(3NT@]IR@.:W(


M%8T#$]#ZM





MM=\+RW$&5SG(9+9F;9+B^*LSCHI#/1F8'H#4L/NFLP/=#M#QF_&3XY\)W:


G)-(]L@WC&JKF







@.9XN\6,639HMIF%4RA@*F`#

MF


P`!+H\L




MG
!1


M`6R:!0(FDF0AU@`E#Y=Q]^KD^-O;V66YDNA).Y+,6K4D]3Z]2_PU/[;3




M-S6:[C@591_%Y%DU7]*LD$



]AR6CO%=[6XBVT`BBD@;S4BV[4`:0[J*Q8';M77&W&GB

D@Y$@*MVQP:
MIF(V012(TV;P]LD_YHR.+L&D
B2
RVMNK@1PK$OM)&&_FT!(K1F&\U=F8R`P



M3D4
A%ODEF4@V0DXY%0R*Q#I*='28HE$0&`7=



VR#@]W6;_;)2K-W$G
V.&Q;6HBEPKMFA!X6M+Z'3KV)*M7X!
MZ6$M%GE8D$EDBF39IJ(+'551-U


27=W9W8`1-0L.K49F

1W$[FW39/`1XF[P%IY:QF`0





MFC^W7B:R#3HMFXLU:?8:Q[-D@)@T++RC%G:8^NLI-U0$Y8\**;A
7$@!W8^3

IJ?9%*[@]J3S))9.]0C&6-
M[]5P6DHTKEE7QM<\=XZ4MV(+/59'%
_4I*G90JYY:T6-*[
)E68
Y7D08-&

M$(58_






+6

M=O`VVW^4`H^Z=(A?%Z_+K__2Q7+3$TFMRAY
RL6X53\[R&S8[$B1^I
3.
EV



7#!:]Q.!8'/Q(H'FP/+C;ES

9(?U-
UEO@7Y]`X_
M
G








M';QB=$6\231`MLVJ=R;8C([K1A2B0[OY),=WP-M.\EUD+2PL8K/*17237L

&M<:TK%09;B254W':JVP1B%I7ZWQ].OI`

M+
\V!&.!/?;YR@G4^W\TA4_U].;@/@1P\4BORCGUU/'UJEK;I`?DI+
]P/G^

)?#GVAX2%N
9P^?(*O2:[K
M=25%/:42[HXVZ5W11H14TH1KFYWA_:?_$WW:$V/R_=2\L\+(W6TQ87'PE36
ML;M;!)YHZ&A2XGF!H*U(!U]#CZ(-\.XG;A[$,:41$/M)5:*('ZA=0GS``R^
M5`'07,OX;:EC@9FN,'AKAR2\EIQKXU:-2?W=*7K7:VVC1HT:-&D-Y`?Z&1G



M6!:4%=QVT5EV^SXG7K37%IQXY5YXK+S$5;PI?LJGF\@9JS1./*=4;75)24

&:BX*3DFD6.0436=$

MEO!`H=T:2C7DGFJ5!4^`4L0*1H=[`A3K5RV]W




YZ-E5
AXQ`LE6L\8
@:;@:6(1W94Y%%.9N+9R9%%PDDZB3;K.4FW5

M;843;]9N9@RGZ0!&K1QEVI:L9^B34$4^C2E!U)]%/M:9WBC#?(9#'N:AH&$\



=MK71*)*F8OFS^9CGTZ]7$[1R=5FZ44608FV
ML


C&X4N@1A(5+/U`$WLU53UJP+'P/0]1+CZ)V2;'ESBMQ=OMON=@R!9I/$.
M0(R;MMJ3.6P2;^J9



Q

MZAGRS#XW-?$3E[;*8^*Z@CP_FK'(NY#)';*4)7P:A^]-0?2#IX
?=7%IV\L9
M+:=HY&NBI*FAH9&J*^CYQJGODNZ\BLY5:Q0DCD;(&:'


M9*]U`Y$2QP1I*]A(&WJ``JE=PVC;[9#'K6J*NIKRZ5@\[RT1Q5B6)42BE37
MQ]/7I4:F]+3$O*9KZA%?Y(2G'#---Q7F2T\GJ#:LB3U3L40T)C]SCRCR.-#


:N6T5U[^+A[=UC=G!)!'2@IXCPKX'T^CPTV
MA'T;_41L^.5*@E@!:(FL58!)AE$L[D'%;%AD6TNN:-GS4K)T=^:[J-EZJQH$

M=.I(ZZPAC+UD*^30JFWQ'4[]W3KX4^;2X9B]%OG5=I:\_1#%U5@FDOD3F7/L


(@$OT/4]0!7H`?DKZ-.'XC5GFSB#E7Q)7@L8YTIKEY6

;7-HUXB5!.&CK/=6]-D*57


M

XCB0;)(G8-*W@JI@



$%
MQ'?12.B3[5*


M2F6*S9U5K)#2LQ-M(^Q9`X]W:W).(QP=LQ9NFS`R:+E11)FH0-UA+$6+^:??






7RYR
UTD&ZK
H*YOZ3V9G!5+I
MH7FDE??LDIY@H85#=#&14
3M8^R0`5ZJ


MD]76#&XWC)]O9S$7:65@C;0[L=;0O#9HW!X@HW4.@JNIU&/T&UE_G+2XQUK9
M0V9!C+^RXW*`[RN&#!RR[P!44Z$GU:1W)^YNRW$



6
7
Q)72)R@H`'54=IRVSFO[
MV:6)UB;:D==Y`4;B3(OF
VMO+AGA$BD;A5M'JT[Q'NJF$:[

MFULI
1.MA&9(&C2VZ@A5)DVJM#O2





B$ML^_4T]H:\;[(F&\60
U(1


%
M5[

M.AJ.I`ZMEPSO%%S'GEYPNPLMMM;1.YG/B_EE%90GWOM/0D]1M/0$]'0YH:MY






SJ





C*Z@`(J+L`])+LV99
M7'%IHX8).?2V\E35F@=H^IJ.JR._LFO7RB2?0!2BM(\HW3UBP?XRY7PZS]_%

M3`R


M\=5CZ!UJ^.YR_9.PY&R%VR6FA7H!Q)5J.A)R_OZ=`/HJEU.LO$8PE0J3)LYG
M_+!


M4
VT2(C2='K(BJ7=NF^T^F5=R\CD:\WM5B=M%'CF1=XOQ_`E:';QUBI;1C'I
MVRNQ=MCSKR5;F)]VFLG94TD'3%H1WT.2!O;SW*!C8ISF
A8VB



M77?#Y
7QI\;+!

4/


MPKOVI0`=P`2C\P!V\=_EUA6X$G.XF`\




M




MV-]J/OQ-?W6W?Y9!^ZVG`[:?K


M9K*:P



NXR.&



N[GK$WSA$




M:KO5

M;M=.R(P@[0XQ^1=JT72D%FK`ZAT%4%7:A))@JE;A^/FOH;.VDN)$DD5=[
4-

6(W3
N


ME\A)*F0%14@=6)H:DA0`#U)(`]8&F_UO&U\QY7:9$TW.F2)`]3O\3+V!FPQE


MD6!DO).V\H!HK59/'\*N;LW)2\@@WNS(RMM`+$HE8XI.G3:`K1@HU=ZM'26J

M5;M3UWEJY'/8IJI/RL5(+1<<.-J)$]SR4D0S)_+LU3E.
N1
M-DA







5USSM^T/

M5N&5I)Z)DR]YC6:DC&@DION()RDI+2GF$_9L(LTA^QK;1]GL*OM93E#MTZK%



M?')+'N+

I848R
M.8H&%HFX#O*]213'.K.(=NN$-9Y++W]P
;@END@C/E^\RM+*&9=Q9@0D:*7E

X#:97D


MD#%1Z9)U(

MU'`9#:Y2^B;Y7B<?:

7?=3RR8`;;YNWB&'+V?

Q_
-RM)7Y]H^;24O?ANSV/#-C\Q'+3P$D;1_
-RM(/#T[1U

3\<Y_Q

K6\8!^P374%.^EY^;^^_$KX^$*6#GT5W4A(^R!34Z

M
AC%.A8^`]`K6GV/#4I+C'6

M7B'2-CM-\@

[066O[IB#=&`FIBLG.=-%\JW&'
FD#9

L9C=#)*8MD`:I=$D`!*!O-JV\HS2/IK
M/`8F'*Y_

DA7*^20H19%2-
S'5BJ5I


5(/HM

M;F


W-Y&)H
W$*L
EL:
M]7*9+M*U

MCW2JU82SR*75U/4F1(-P.[;$A!.]@&HI(=KCY.OH\?WZ?8U[Z3;^&E7L\B

M\.FP9\C\1HXYQ0OBZLS
;+(LE%

ST7$3ZLB\FS

=+
(F9D8YC

!W4

M-?11TEM0+T:-&JIGJY'4-S$G2'$1*2BT0$@$=P*F
:L82E#W`*AS#]L=/_VP






00!'8/BO*
]COSGC




9BQGC\UL;68^0H0F0OC#.`+;)AE)T@\H$I$0$54F[^0


19([QHP[)C`@OVG1DT5-;GNQO
..8N\Y)

M]36M1O(G


IG_!'0/B





@61D7JZQEF4=2!JU%VXYI/;8V[M

A.6ZSD8.5&DQ2U&T?$/'28+E4=(-T_)@2:0O
M\;QW'FVL!G;H7L%Q%51&T\S
/



?3?Q&QR\39


GT$I'NDU4'Z\JZ!TB

BQ+M((*K2FFTO



Z-
B(SQ`JK$F15THU0#

M(=W`.Y*(?JQBSMD44UE8::AK%&'

_(!%``3(+J%*8!*(@8H
M@&UBN([NT%Q$KB-E-`Z/&WI'5)%5U_XRCIU'0C6@N+*;'9$V5P\331L`3%+%
M

M_JWQ_P#(8/Q2:436MUO-&C1HT:-


4E28[2.:^D`I4JQ

?#37\P^.+@5DTL?'N/WEXPJ-\SQVZ5]!`7SG*^GV@A]%!X
MZ;_





M@PV0D[KV/-N;\RY=R']


#01)
MLH13K4ER\7\4?=OB5A!BLQS-+U[8K&LQCAF6:
H&1O
DB$[&GB9=KUZ$4``V

MO


#-8R11WEO/'-;O*TD
M;!!0K


1&E:B4`*=0`E%

LP!I
MTC3[?M



M0('R`&EM9]O^+6/C[Q+_`!Y!_P#45-*6U^&SC).ZZ%W



M`LAU5A
X^RF?5LN6$0R+19&HY0^-Y
]?R=0



M/;)E#-H+UD?4AB2(`YS1!V8B*OC\=Q1B]

M\;ZZ/(Y^1!GEK`W'[)4:W!

MXE
&Y135YVMP=QN:RRUW!(?E1A\G0*AZ?*WV=:S_`/A_3%
TN#SV0M93Z0X]
M'4#V%C;H17JQTZS!GK(\/HI#X+-X
NG'A%VX`YFM+:1EKQPP#LIHG6
QKIJT

M\A[=]P+R47.2S7YTF44\R8L9R*UZR2;V;J:^U+Z=64N(F1:5EKCS0
B8ZGVU




M^3)7;0^0\I
;&FK$6


0279D6.DJ=JRF
L(


(X

1(`]NM#O\`%C5F

M)!:3A+#=*E6X^K4VCT^$B\?EMB=4D[

MG[Z!T%V;X5ECN$-;0C`*:TNI&N99G8R[-X0@3LS$!`K*WUM%7H:ATH`K::

M&-V9IM)N*Y8\;6;YN59)4JK%_ENFKL79DR'





00V
MK+9'RI%0'?OJ.G3HP/[VO9P/*GPLS!.7$^3\=9!QC;&K&*EZ^VIF1T\BJ,F
MKY1W2S@CF&AZY4'




MJ)G25R'@K+



G]MYE!G6G8=P[-8DF;(M/6Y2W9;JS

1O<&XEN;:ZMZVUS[NR13W]OD$VGR
M)4\V-X3\WE[KB%D$GMQ!VU:`Y5FIX5)_5

V.0EVMAIF/




=-ZL
M_P`F

ME
?


MMKL\6M[ZULQ`]\L=PF1+9X@)OC;+PD2XNQM]V$9@\M@X?;
_#R-;9Q_CN
MNM\.V&P.Z-AU
CU2)R8W

R4E&VA:
R

M20C$SF.U4')







M\*-G;OV@Q
WV^/ZNO-5^/CKI.W14\#IE']`-]5AV7
MP;5B2W@E!$D0/V-7W?1=2(CZ9_&=-,-B%;Y:$`^3JSMD\P_JFT_'#V+<<QQ/
MC]9^-?7(3XCXDA[T\XBC%$$EO3_P=N=2BZ4NF0T:-&C1HUA;)_H[/_XEE/\`
M`5]4O]!_F.JX_P<3YQ^[K(

#`X$KUH8&9C

)@-L(`4=_8.KGE2#;6-O:\.AZ_-Z]6A+$=

M10



MF3C-C1VNP@8A_



BP.&BN<9<1S+:1!EE@8.K-0P8.@8$&HZ^KYM*XO1`=KMG3VLWAZ



MP!H%0D]*D_(/1IEGI@5BU4+DAER&N=9L%1G&O&7)*R\-9X:1@)5!-2:I)DE%

I(^[II_
MAJQN1Q7=.ZL\I836UV
7
2DJ-&X'F04)5P#]S4Q_JU-SI^E)E`B@??6D5QL`



M^KO`P4;OTIRWH_\`Q\^EAD


M-(EHR=%
A%RAT%.^5$GE3JHE(IW3]'L=A&UX?-L8:@+
BM'5O%B1XBO2O6
PF1!=<
MRJO;\PI@+OT@)Q`-@U#_P*.UAAYKVACMH51*W1HHH.CVG7I\@U-;L-
+;X
M:OBH8#HUG:K_`H+Y?W]?0=TB-0*T:-&JJ7JW*`IS!G0WW%D49$?L#\+47`

V.D[4/(OBN%6R)D&

C75
EXQ.Q1
^M)2


M4KZM;'(9X.K8EWK4
7




M5^Y5+^CX:H*
/1KS:=/JX
.@/R(P6D!@';*E.]^__P#--1]PZ0O.Q3CV8/\`




AHQ8`BJ@[A4CP
M#J?LCUC1:8[(I=02_FF:94D4E0C
&H[#::`_2

MM0$[*J:V5O(8=3*03&7N32X.6%?L
H^)W.R^/7GC.IMP

(J
M-BW!.)6EO=0V^6

M['=25\L2%D#2

M/&A!].L&\XOR.PMVN[W7,5LJABS1L`%+L@8DCHI='4'PJI'H.M=?M9?^Q'
M_K1UL)/YM_F.M/`?KH_G&KT.(/X)L7_B[I/X-1FN6N9_VQE?RF7\-M=ZN
_J


%4
76B'E@`T5/RRM2(G`O$I:M1*I
MWK9ZL5CK(@LQ43%4$5U5$5$RY%GS3&W=Q':FTN8IG1W0.(_;C02_6`I(XVD


64-$
M1O2.R,HWFKXR#2K_(M86_X]8Y#Q_6'-OL




+)';
M%K=VB*2^E@-_GNCDE6(4



MA@EHH;7S464Q2K\L&1[:Y5B#%32/U3`V0;XCYVD-&5HAU+A+TEC-L5W#)
MA)2\/77=K449ISC.)DB-7D&R,J@[=%P=0Z:)DB+*IIF45_RS$8IO*RDC07`





+B\AE[I':TM8FDDV`%
1B9)L)15:&*;9G!9`=#&/
Z';Z:';UZ#P!:A]
M15AZ-(&/N_PJ0[X[US9UE7S:*(]\7G$QU9PV]EA\Q!M]J.6!Z[9`0J&.

M
P`.@J]!6JTZ$^MB!X^.BVLN`P6G,;.7&7LEM@8C[S
M(\JEG01_+$<XE!=%J=T<*.XHG11M1R8X@9Y<^=L]OCH6JOYFN.07<=89!

9(5
.RID47!D^ZFZ9*E.*+@528CXF^.Z650I*L]


/DS6$K-[E;VJLL@#1I#!&FY-RO1



BX:
MF?.89@FPZ'+9=

MD29R!+Q]GI



EE%5T^V!U`*4IBIEU




2#A69MI8KL9R&XOED\P&16
M`9WEBN)00K=$

MD\N



Y^L.


MONXHP')\EP+WV/M)[C1WERK+&K/LE(A)9E6M-R[0#3J5IIN?TBXIC.X&=Q

OAZ4S9EL-K:Q^8J37JS89^=!^\<H1[A4YG+A-RJ`**NM7


\.6M:;14B5*$^GUUZ4ZZW.5F
5RG<?
Z.7S2+;Q)7].JRLOCZ
TH/B$6JEAT.XIH::G$9KCF0[DXBPL+N&?




E^KE!AHV
:\GQW%.W.+Q]_+:V</'<85V':7+64)+$^)'H`\!36F[]3RC



C?;.M3D&V%00

M0^1\HT?9RB%`0=Q0'
@=7RQE2E
L`=L2;WCRC/4]G



M
[9XO-3;$LR@

0K.JP6



J0TD6-@


/$'TCYM-[RMR#A\G-Z$A'4IG334KMZ%'J,)3SH2M0ABMS
MUPTTF$8P(ZMZ3]Q)+R4F7MDD#/$RE;-P;_?5#BL#-C6OFDO3-Y\IE-5IMD:N
M_;[1I'0($3KMVFK-NZ6FE!I0>&DZ97`0$OWW]7_NZV+VOCTUX'!\=2!>GY=0
M5Y4




MNV!$2IJ.U/N^DQSYON^1+F:;BMNMXT#A:3*Q+/M#I0LFX%-Q9J]0@\*@#6F[






M`!16RS&8


ME:SV5_G[B:TDB6-E9JJT:-O1/X*N=RC[UJ$4(!8.OVLO\`V(_]:/ZNMO)_
M-O\`
=)R#^=C^?5Z'$'\$V+_`
7=)_!J
URUS/\`MC*_E

M#!^*32B:UNMYHT:-&C1J+?U?_P`S]?\`&?0_Z^5T\_83^\2R_)YOP1J
_P`6
MW]S&7_*[;\9JNO4


1
H
M5=V*5/BC-FZ).Z*C`JA-E`


+-,$2HDZ.H=L)%$]U?<6OHD$[M6(3K&C*SH)$4MT1D5RS%(U$F
M\[BQK3R*'E-Q/%C\5S[%3R&TB3;.UI)-*CI'(89&5+E9Q`\2JBR32&'RUV!%


\F
MF;%4[1!
.\=L0RZ5^YE2PN


M06WYZ@]ZP1[HP+96:VWNH%Q`UH'


?


W*6/FM9








_;(NH@G[6

@RL5GQ/(7\T`4;4B/ER^8FX

(G8(5Y



7*@:\
MUFCYJ;*VE&G*O$
C*XRA;G


E0*??5%*K1MIZ&JBNJ5M,US=6EWVVNDA
A16MHI0%59VEW
M
:6^U_


*&AI[``
M'A7KM`Z?(-;7CV3XXN4@3%\0RD&4*E'=X6#(&024N9&E;Z7EC:968F2H7VW;


+'2;ENT+*SD4JM%NWBC14R
M#M9,54#;&#V!KKF)(9GCCE#H*=13K4`^@D=*TZ'T:76R%WE
5:WU[CVM;E]
MX:-@X*[790:.B.`ZJ'&Y%-&'35Z#T8OYM/C1^Y\L?ESR=I\N&_JWCO\`M/QK
MZY
_$I_?;SK^DMOZG;ZE!TI]

=5Q
M_P`XGSC]W608_M)I^YD/V(NO5\!JEO$Z\TW$
;!#2\!)D44C9R
?Q$@FDLHW



5MR]*I2Z=&US&0O\+YSYK%QS
3]



`_WJL(9VD0QR4JX:2


O3*L#I2+7(\F1?
WHJO$G)C-PZB+


M1JF)ZD4/:)[
M!;0E

M`&'V@/L'4WOAXY-@



MI\W7IXZ8F#@W

8*5K_`#D7KK3U
M4]'A6A-#0C(_0KEI0+^A5Q6E/YJ;U4KTZU!Z^-0*@BH/02O6_XH1^.%+J5




M:V.-F4
Z






M







M16+:/%J_P#*-!U-#M+$$X3A%(ZD2'^5-(W[^K,@\-1/-I21FE%L$S*D378


([@&Q2&$?#

WNJFY?955FZ;#XPL677+.3E$JNXK[*YN*/67:R35(0CC+=I,7J
M9S&TS5UW1P\/,).*%;[SVNUMPX6'8LC.$%/;W%`2*L?:I7V3TU=$9*[J#2W9
ME](S-E,IX7UCD7`39\PDL%1-GQW#6'(KI_`!R*R'XZQM+EDY2BI$D(]Q/V
MI'9NVW[+=@Y
D#A5


.OCK__T'@9#Q+DK
7*


I!H593XJP!H0PJK*Q3-SV![CV5


ME&2Q)(EIAG:946R

3#:1S
RFID!8






MW5I7IXFJ=M^
HJQ!'4$C5W[$'\$V+_`
7=
M)_!J
US#S/\`MC*_E

M]?\`&?0_Z^5T\_83^\2R_)YOP1J
_P`6W]S&7_*[;\9JK3J?&N1GITHU1DL:

MR

MT*IV#J3(`Q'ME1L'4^TS`C8O

H

\F\DF
6[

MTPNK6M$8A8FZB.I
D:NR*2J^70E@R:3;3#5-C;?4+5C_(37(K7S*,\4LD0
M9*)(\CW$E`KV%%FHJR=2*9Y%J5X@BBF0&Z`I@;@QSEW=K)R3)38[(V&7LVP
M[4,@$;^WM8+((R1NG:VQB2=S`]4`!25_#PG!VV9PN7XYDDY(FX1
9XR(]Z&
M2$S!249QOC\Q54#8I7V96#==++3:?)J4[T=OSOY7\1UX_O'VH\_$A^IF._


M1`=%C#$.WF%5+L_4'?3V4;_F_&K.@A7W4;3+I4F

5-VM\5@KWCL:\TF9%



M4'
N)@`#7X6IN!3(%$0[FX`82CM\NVKOZ+Y7^#'_*U;_23&?PG_DZXAR(Q




VAUF:[!













9$71!HO-XRAVCHCZ:D059IK@7MJJD41Q
1V

M_




M!+OD$3S.9


M@_?E1CV6%HB-

M:
10-#X]0!]+Q%#Z*]/135

MUX7-WPT[5(




M-A



MA9CI`8SA15-
SF97XE6AS$D6(X\DV$1R-[R

M/_`^ESQN&XY%S&6WY1+$&

K1C=7;N`#%K5MJEBH=J


M-2$Q*1
BA$QQ`(O7H]U#@V?



Y

MA&+15





WA'




+B\D.?


:\C9V
3-/YE



M'!A3

M&]Y8V$TZ*]2C-'&S`
%()4D=:$&G@=3K2?IU\+IJ2D

M?48OB4_OMYU_26_]3M]2@Z4^F
T:-&C1HUA;)_H[/?XEE/\``5]4O]!_F.JX

M:TJ0X8Y+8)V5@\7XX

M[1TB4#$


'P$[9
32[INX0J




M7)VLUI=078OK5'622=0/
+N6&QM[D[!0
IILJ`!2FG]Z0^EWHT:-&C1HT:-&


MH`U[C4:#$@E`'91$-NX5Q\\/L@!DS$_[W;1Y:Z\\Y_DUBG&.VBA5)RH)J%
M

MD94A@QVT8D[6%`=H9$1O



MEA\Y9CH7JZ;E#L9%0`16H]E^AH6I@7$+CY4C)+X-:42(Q,2BV;2J;9)L



M9
$6MI+B2)91(\@=CO4[FC!*D`O0=7-*!:E17H!77W=WRV^ALH+FXM3#'T



/=

)5EV_2J00&!'IHZ/('J69%R919S'J&-


M%J\



MJ.'Q5R3Q=H;^:V6MPE_:
O2O5901T]/4:JF.

C#*&
W49]OI67%
@&7O9;L?RZUS$

MM!:W$I
G7.?N-G+WN;W(Y!S&^Q<]G97THVJ$+LD<4*PP@@
MC.4B3?2@W$FH'76LHW2RNJBI$0T:*;8``%IIC(LY6?D;D62!L^;!VV;`P
MN5$#B053%[)5BB/6&T3-WL@;=;PQD+Z9%:I+4J*
.BK[94TW4V!Q7=K22\5P
MT)C9ZG#/Z()(Z*(RQ4[HVZO)2)7`(0'S&C8#:?*2]VE43%&M
6@$0[I3KS


M&233.18X@DS53(4O4!3&`V_LVUF6.8





MJ86$YK@N5W7(

MRWMY8\.XW89[D5UC
M:6[1SQ/CI[J.5Q).\
JM%N'U9DB8JR@-Y04BC
2X;A
MAD_&.5O4





%
+


MM2
JNW!

0%U$DS04R``8-S*![NHQ6L@MD?=




3%Q/(SMN19(AM3S
M&DNTU*B)02H5M[R**QJKD<D)J3.Y*59@U3:F64(93S[;N)(D70(DN!2KJ@O



W^
M


M8Y452)=)50(5;39'+;NPN99)=C`#R2#UJ5&XM048@D]?`T\=1!M.WW=V[R4
M=LW%;.RLFEC+2?G.!XEA$=_*13(^Z)615(%-REJE:F7+T8P$/33XS[@(=37
M*IPW`0W(?..3#D
&^VY3D


:9O'.H*U]Y)9RS5422K2K8B3!V=
MC\1\P2SBF=D](0CA`I.IP=!4HBD4Y52)TB6(`5D75PP3$DB)J?-KD;D?4JJ
MIF@+5TIE2,FL56E*).#*-BK]M+MW(ZA#)JCV3H5










M:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C
M1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:__3L=Y\_AAR+^^N6_P@VG#LO]0L?Z
::;(_
M[5R7]
W[ND?UD:Q#HT:/3HT:]T:-&C1KSTZ-&O=9*(_Z19_NIO\`LI=7$]/S




M:-&C1HT:-&C1KD7VA_\`;WZ\U4GTAJPKQ[_@/Q7^\B`_P%/2XQ_^I6O\0?N:
MC[R7_;^7_*'_`'=+%K

M``%QJ_;_`$QK$NOYMOG&GAZSM:S1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-
L&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:-&C1HT:__]D_
`
end








begin 644 g630925g98m42.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0R^4&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A24T$```````$`````$```)````0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`

M`&T`-``R`````0`````````````````````````!``````````````))````
MS@`````````````````````````````````````````````X0DE-!!$`````

M9(`````!_]L`A``
`@(0@
0D,$0L*Q$5#PP
#Q48$Q
5$Q
8$0P
#`P
M#!$
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`S_P``1``G`'`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``'_\0!/P```04!`0$!`0$`

!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
@84D:&Q0B
D
M%5+!8C



M`%&[
Z96'64CU&UY?M#VW%Y;5M][G?9MG\Y^^@($C3KMJ/57[J;CUD!7S:3]


8P^KN_FG[3C/]'V?I'M?_`
77_I$`!1N410O4ZE5'2HR-



MH__0[?ZQ#!=DTG)KLL=559JQKG#;;M&SV;O=^@W-_J*M]4VX./U'J6/0US++


R?;N&Z&M]SOHL^
MBL5V4]_UDZ

A0&2_^X;(A+V[$QPD



X^




H



M97AT6EUSW1O+8@#PTVL=^^^NS]+_`,&G^]P$1)TEMX,7LB8E(1%C0W^EH]5E
M`#I%H<0

RUS7507;JV5LEN]FW_``C+/4_ZXLS%P,JX&WPF9&'CVMK=F5T!IAKV_IH



9%?J/+


+V3+2Z6ML


RK

V[F-V;_W%YV6]1P\^^WI&
MVW*#B
7TG
N
N)W/93KNV5_OL7E2263V[AQ7?]7]J['QU.JK^L_3_2K



`00!D`&\`8@!E```4`!H`&\`
M=`!O`',`:`!O`'``(``V`X`
`````$`.$))300&```````'``@``0`!`0#_
M[@`.061O8F4`9$`````!_]L`A``!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`@(`@(`@(`@(#`P,#`P,#`P,#`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$`@$`@,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#
M`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P/_P``1`#.`DD#`1$``A$!`Q$!_]T`!`!*_\0`\``!
M``$%``

$!0



:50M4$]G1J]*]
M.WOK[M=2FJ;U)-------------------:X?N8=V9_I-AVJVJCPE;L-^O-T3K


K
HN1BGSY5IP:MTR%73(4[L#G$0)XSV=Z5\$MN=YN
M[M


6CB]E76


J12]



M*&1`P%
4=C!)N&\?_O5R;$8$R
D=Q+1V7M5%4NY%:BNU32H(K2H/9K%YK(_N
MG%WN0V@M&G0'L+$@*#[JD5IUIKG8_?9[))1SBQVV%PK7X%BON^6:U6R#XFP
M4#@G[Z]JF46


V*DF0TJ]J5DBS*.^.RI




M4@
9



M2
0PE


MH
.&9`<**`V''<)'U^72!
$S%#G9

FB:8GO/G
SKTI_(*CM[!K7_EK&_Y-
M?.)#M1@E.[P``]:_RJ]VH/Y3Q02PS8OT4:XZ`$F9/






MM\0`/3VCKKZZ


:K;[!N1P7U]-@V]^7;&FUX[

^1




MU]1/[6V6CYP^W?T\R*NK[A\^P73*W

SN?QZS-CNPNSB`CLH[G*JX4
']


MTTTTTTTUH?\`O_Y
E'E8*.M#^PL@U7_`*BW!7$6
M]HKD-+,#_DH3[.\J=<P04LD[C5!BH
^&`-'0@]13NZ:JNTMQ'&/&=_;_#KK!Q<$)#
MR%U'Q1RE./\`,9G5.4`#\`!5HW]=Q_8`?ZVNUKFVZ?[A5OH3^,C63CEF4$=

M5^E25_0!J;VG02I3L:OVBOZ:ZZ-]137KTTTTTTTTTTTTUR'9$^]%/52]6^J+
M]=8AP

M;[F9-S2QCGEAQ;1

5D







JSRN!L3P!03N!JQ``!/=0^\E]]_O84N
MRC#!#A3U`3)8ZL2?+_:%4ORYSE_I$!']FMQ


MW[]G?=




M33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333337_
MUN_C333335'L


M/3XZ[[:WEN[FWM8%K-*ZHH]K
0`/M.N$DBQ1O*YHB@D_0!4Z^=O#3LED7)5X

MNG
$P
N1U%6UHF=0T6M



'IZ``CZ_O`=4SR
MR%EF9J=__+JR

MN

T?K-`
+



DHV5;QU2C')12=



M





A7J#U!K[1V:^U.#M%M
3C($6
M@CB2GN(`(I[P0#W'67&$^SQO.]?[TL5ZM!-(\LT^F_J+V875E1E';PMDV_

8A$^[`V.(QF1CGBLHH$:2KLB`&GM-!4@5[.X=
M@U6'J/89;DO!_4_&VJF?.&$QQ1$4.Q45HPK$LQ
BA@I)5%`JI/4CT[[$2=




ETN(FO')$1E&L7;9;

E6@.O`L5





M#?BF5
-2X\
J;RH+$*VUQ5JDCS*=P`U`\#\R/J
M1B;F7'7G'[.]P\
R_8FRZQ0.XJ^<<

C

M@\SZ8Y+
3YF.(K=B(#8VZJIYFX]0I'XUZ$:J'U=YEQ?UIQ./M^/33ULS)N
B
M!2KOLV4HS@CP-6AU:5;?0=A!(I)9I'K*`.Q'PG1*''?ELL!#)[!L/Q$-;IV.
M8L;^%)()*DCL[^G;].M*\KQS
XF9XYX/R@?Q@DJ:]E:`D?7K

M5M
C(Q\BUJ[9L^@!33.JV5(Y




S2
[DL&2M2HZ5+4ZWR:AV
MIOIIIIIIJR\BY$I.):-:LEY'LD94*-2H9Y/V:QSX-V$7&
D^:JIS;&4676.


H!3R[9

M`@'

`?P_G:]1;]3%V&32(H7K!




M&


(]ZWF8`
MPC[^+6\JP-N+I%15



M_]?OXTTTTTU!C[EV1QQ9T4[*V5-4J3J0QT]H[+YBE5.XR0]8T`?;[B!A600L
MAU=R_
0J8G#;CN$^]+L9^]N?\7M2*JMR)3]$(




M@#[SKA+(L


M](/VZPO?&@M%EVW';P-6Y!^'H(H@H.W[_GU);!MZ*WM)UC+XTF*^P#6LG)A`


ECQ!(A1W


!0^
M.XCK:I/E3B#J#RNX\GV@+T^[5
K_`(MOJ8D`5
'$'4`!36GV[NG35D.9/J20
MOR=94#;^FQK?)`/[O[.O2/E2L3V\PNOZJ_\`5UV+_BS^K;__`./P4_I'_K:_




*&E10N10T
M&X4HU!6M!JK0^;L#Q
RSL:&!56DE&/64LW?)W23
9%]&*HN63KB*0$$[95HF





W$FT2%4.))
K

M`K(IZU'82.VG4UZZYRE

)RF!)861FB


M--8F*

28^?8VPGC?!504KUC8P+%D[NTI-Q%^%

ZYU/TV2QD&ZJS@FG'JB_)
KE[R^:P/D
M3L&(5';:%VA%#**':BT)[R`2`#K:#TEO.(6^/A0Y

-/LU6[

M+V]QW1BH[P:$CIW$CL)U3GKG/-;\'
D$I5_C(AT[Q1S0]Q'2O7O`/:!KC[]X


FVE'57A$D%RMQ
FX6C&;:%=34V@P.F!'


M`=K&AU

M][9:^YC:*2/80O7NUB^]]2
Y49NZD7E+@95DU-Y7CR
@:V[18)&(*R2LI*(Q

M)





M&DAAG$7A8



MXU_`Y

MR
/-^+VYG`5KR(^';0JS#KX1V
O45I52#V$:^@EKY_:WZTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT


M`WOZZW.JT

&($V_#U-O^[7NN8\



WYKR?%\6NRXM+TO&Y4T8)Y;EB#W$`$CW

M:]G%?\1-^4VZP\F]/T6:



H+EA84#`Y^?=
/8L)8AT
MP-_$;D!@'?Y?3UM/_P#Z`^EN*3S




M\(1*


M0\3./;*NW*FYS$('!%$P^H@'IZB&N$LBPQR2N:(JDGZ`*G79%$\TL4
8J[L%
M'TDT&OGBX^M
+?


MB

M!1


V?Q5/=))7_9?QZQ)-

MCE4#\
M\1W_`&AJ+9/YH
M6=_Z/R-.;ZE7!?\`\Z\1_P#
[;_;)J#^IW_[;\__`/);W_[-)KBL*4QC))I`






X?.U
KF2L84
MAA5+!(FRY7;C4*8O+2-;_

M;1?$B&

M_ED@$$UV@5`J20-?/_UC^1SUN]*L/-S'$6L/)^`JI;XW&K(S(GG2VXDGLY52





MCJS`





*$+N_E=E._VT':1K

M)/#Q*\R+`[$S)R1&1
M
DT4XC+\P8DCD5V6Z%O]YE\-5+U;K_)!)I6E*'Q=-#QG@RJJGBN-$9J$_P!Q



EU7S








\;
6P

M



MHO'+RJ2KVLM95[:HB**9]:IR39-*C:I





QKL4G)P\6







MY`K/NVP'R\G35;%)O*&U695=XQ@I!K'.%W[M2'D)&OQ;ZP00/9
I7SY&!L:[
MMFFX4W]PF@50!


M8H&.@RCYNRN%!((@8R29H)
HB&^QU?MUKG\TF4./]*[F%3XKF\AC^H;I?H
M_+'UD:O;Y=K+XGU$CNC^&VLY9*^\E(P/I\9/T`Z@WUUJT9%
2N9!JD=IY?
J
M+EJJXC_)P659DDE16*JU451Y*H\3'6034`I#[&M1O2-4@\J^NX2UJ)14[2
MRAF#&





MH]9P
G8KC

*JEEI-9;WU0N(E6-

MNL:4(NX
A$3UI0]K*-4&4.W;32C8J1&AN[9)
QQ
H54QO0)^



Y3QZW

6D$E7

M9%^FLV0D9!Y-))MQ%-4?





U$)AU`$LKJ




M-S92C-%\U/R3
=


DZ8M649=Z

`\2QU*I:!W

MSN]FF79=A5DM[
1
#

M9?L)W'



M4#%VY




8IR?EF4S_'N#YA\=;VE_:2D!XDFFE6*=KFZC\^5GDN;B2:XN/B



MS:QAG&[8H@O);9_

&



?P%]O
SBQ

5(QEU7W%TL=X`KO

MNAM.XN&
!XB*
'P-&L3!_0+5(?\`9U3THI+(/YQ_3J4Q&L49_FC]&JEKKUV:

8TL-4E(MP^;MUSIHK+-4G



K&*=7ABC)H-HW0JSC:2/$&%1V'7.^^9/C-B95O+7'+*U?
M;N0A:L'.RA*Q$N%?\O8=P![0*4VG=2^N&0K;&LZW]R&%B)UL?(T77ZI)X4P

=Q

CU!5






MD@/_`*U=7!Z%
%]2




K/U(!BM=@
9(!H&

M[EPTG
C(3%




\$=TJF(K601E?'MU&N0
ML-W'&H9E

M?I&.+;(SN/V[W)325DZ
VB@B;14VL'2[;CAQ))RIUHR?L3R-*T4$_%;NXSQJ
\9Y$*7)=HGEXUW8JQE28B9TE?D&3L5-


\
\7F11A613!!-#O`!CN)`&


*2T=NKJ(_F_?OB_/N--Z49'E/JW@(YL+C(9);FVCF2XH=J&)900









M=S-II$^D/RD;H0]A-)
W._

5R=L
[?[M=J3_EJ/XQ


M&SV?I[Y/I(V1XNW?12T


@J*MY8K2M!A;5\-:89_+P]Q'8.T@
M*T569':8`?B-#Y


6^:+`V:XR)Q$@;-ZU73
M

MU:/H_P`F/&N;8]WI\-=_[N_N\QEV'^N%!]Q)[AJ/N!UDD*M!%]H+E$)*/GSE



ZT378G[D&/9@H&CZ=UV?-
ZVY\@044RNZK
-#42


CNRW7O+



Y'.%DUDW:*34RP
M%

FM1N5;=N6^'X!RNX%G[!VC5
MJR@8C<SL2R!G!&LD[MZ$4!3-R%.W(L[$YCJ((G(DWDIQ=N;<RVK7
3FFUE)


?




7LMO?3M8K;3_F01*\&]95CG<11
MM;RA9X''1)%KM96=6E'U5ZDYKQ]*











TSBD=RA\PKY1D!

MV#D
V&OILY;S;TN+)%2!_%&P7QW


D4CF
5)/CNI

M?


WLK5:7;N$%3T%?VB?8
M!4GOH#KNRW&K3SR3SR`V87<3V$`=M?H^S6!J1U'R1G-E5<I]H*?8\BJVIP2



*FDV\
V



7:VYZBQJQ;J!N*H
M=Y/3J3N-:DUZ:L2TXJJ^08VP0[[V`

M=.5
EG7FU';;Z
#+<0XSF_,^-XKC+J96%HS''


VR

M.&+I
:C7ZF-*\9

MN3!U



M6:2D6B4

LX;K6_(S^'RYLDN\D8
M')BL_/2L3`ELSN?18/


M;.))6#2R%CYLR2.Q:YB8.QVMYD@
IRES'O*78CN)?'ZK-#+$H=BZ.&QU#%


MO`F;.\@!HK95A8!Q'M@-Y\P9F*,!NV%2'U.KDX9Q3TLLI_/&!!85*3W3-.

8(`ZX?+K<75M\PGHTUU$R7G[U&X,&!?&Y&
XDIV375*844FD<W(JOY%^.R9IJK&'8?'Q$##J-ZD


M9?\`N[Q:11(L3!?BGB*[@[B0K':HP_9=TO[1@V,KML,Q[]FW[@F28A.Q-,)
MRT)#ND3J-S7RZ5&IS&X^,Z17%;D+7VA@L1

MGGPS1VJ'L54B4#_)F
CBGO.MCHO0?Y$^)^;C[R\N
K.@(WF6\G/N82V:VUNW




*-%U.E`E3IQS*Q$-`N
G1X.)I<R&V*;5K9[+WF-_=BX^T\^66;QJ`
MS-YBLK1JI!+C<FT&HZ]1K6?%VEK=2W8OKGR(4B.UR0JB9C2)79A14;;)4]#
M50`:FAECDCH9CN!9)JUB^S;2!2_+1W%OL
0O
:T3!205)!:9(SU'4$BG4:\YPCQ



E6Q$P%1(?*7AF)+K(R66:
MCO8%588V`8*P$E4)JH8U`'8?Q`D]#TZ^.RCM#=XB2!FW22K5202E'`ZT45W=






M6

&






MHEDN(9@P26

66PBN(G$(G7?1Y:LKB6(JQMG&QF\MI9@E'1IB8
MR6H#U(^7+&8RQL^4<1NC-#(K2M;MLJD8E/+E#*+E?&J[UAA9SL980)`%VQ?



[E4F4%IF`C`!52\FV-O[C[EEN=

B?W8MVZS5@MLB*+;W#E=/R

M$\89(!/Z;WC7`\9D8)



MEN!#-Y5R96%KU@WEY%@5F6:*^:
Z]?8F*66_*J
R^N=9:O6)#I+U&/L2\JTK

M.*Z

*/V:[KX^D$TDIZS5?$-JKW\`G5KE(F

MC.=7HRB8S(1L2I#;J]S

%[4\M%
MOE[(S9-W;PHLHQB1)^4IG3DQ4@Y%(43JG33/IY?36=IE\KRG)BBW5_(MK#4(


M[6`5/*/F-6
RS&-F5*8Y?0E\;MK$E
2EA5L%H7)7#0LA!LP5;*,W4JS2B90
M[MHM]-B9J8(T=$;,GQ_`W%%5HF**90QV$YASV(9+*Y
W\M_E&CL_A[BV42J
M8C

5%D53JQ[513).SR.(L7!@[3(H9L2UWB;VWL(7
39/L01BX0X+?5GJZ[?/!DA;%CT3K+K`4PE
MVXG#81$=@`1P_F9P+<=ON/+?7BO;O!(P+&BJ`P!J2:`5U\X


(9ML*#E-)H@[0Q?=%HT#
6,5S'Z<9*2+PC='8SJC;5#JB;351XFK5SU
4L_1_*3^9=W4#7K,*M&TBLS=YVQ`1AG/5]B+N;KVTUM
M=P;F/SO\1ALK#CR93$V\9C@MKN&TG$08!8U3XC=.1`HA1I&@!-NTE3:EK

@
MI($3V





7]$?HU5-=
M6NS3336
\SEYXBR:0=MCT.U%]?AZPKP/764PCA

M
+4FSF%/_BVU#O'478V$:5:*;E%NHBB+@'!1

MT$B%`PF`-=W#N08[%YVSMJB-)=\?F
?PM*C1JY/8`&9=QZ`+4]-9'DO&LGE\


MKVMM(Z#Q4ITU%V)REF)3`$;A3(6+K?&DQYV1PA+Q
ODJWNH7(
CB!;N#BO*.





M);5Z2$C>10M5BPV,SA2U!E.\=H;#F3JQV
P83F'$TQMQ

?
`;IY#F9
OP[E@OX2AGA
$
7:=



VFFF
MFFFHC]W6;S`KM97ZL9./R'B-P*$`T]Y//#O
F5:%;L(0HB4&TJ^=2I$D'')
M

.OU=OT#WGLKTIVU&M/F9;;(XQR

ME;E`$2:Q9F1O2/UR?D
H$?$N4P[6D:H2*[&U6:0#\*F3RIR22[64($8C9#
MB44?JAZ1W7#RX;D6'E5X4!%7!BD:%NUI(/,M@:.-X8B]#(HUSQY;1R!?[S


J7$H&
M


M9)&!










'?(LBF5MK@`QQD8XS+C5Y$X

KFB0B15
MAEB2-$C!2.-5?:E!_)&U0#U\Z]+;?F_`\WZ:Q7XM?WLJP0[YC'YDZ2-(VY


0@!$9

VTBLLD1
0$G7:M=VY68

M_&P;7&]D.N7;!U^L.+K'&2S=2*E%6SR)75

QZT4D;EH

U

M\@W36**!!47#DF80V$H;[ZJ/F'S/^FMM:7F
Q-_+?7TJ
B^3&Q4
PV@F1]B$

MS\\Y':65I:
;A!.'



M.P#

MB9V!E;.1@LF_4
+F30.U:+K*J(^3




M/)24
[3(_545
K.T1X\(LMN!G3MF!0Y\2[3#$_O2ZP-M=9*&X$T
CQ;Y8W3S




])'%-9W%YB8U%M#)&;J[`CE-V/
M.F)MXOB6V$4
5PSA;:2W\B?


JR6

C$5V0CW\I6JU7FS-$:[*XRHCMS%5






MU=-P9*[&6(*K!=BE69ZDU0=%VZ[%=2W59:::::::::::::P7V/R73L58AMUF
MO5H8TVN'C7
;)6)_[PR
3'O6ZQ960*E'(.I%9=E$E752*@DHH*I2`!1WUQ_=

!.9FIM3DF+N-)B8XV1_7(RGM'*!6KQ

]


).F7Y-
M?53



MUXXO9PXZWNN%9#(0WB6:*Y\3`EUD*[?+
:.(NC!NA*L1VZQ2AV5PO:0K#F




5-(VYQ;N6S;=02F$



Q



MM66:1.*5VLLH)`K0A4(Q15;YG!E&Q2
BPRU])^9WF-M;6;CF.M)5MX(RSW(9


MI4@
(TZ

M:;%

MSW:RKC+
;
MY;$@&(MT9*_(O_%'.M,MZ(8=#:IR^U3)]B78+F..3]W/:F=1^8(WK.T#-X

M:5BV+3+#6.:

1*C$EE9=FJS1=/0;LQ=`1(50452*?

XV65MM[&S`]145!]A
MZ]NHU<XS-6]NA?&2HC+4':0*5J1U%*&HUA%EB7(&)'\K+8)EV$'RCU[+R


C*JJ

6VCK;
Q8Q-4(





_Q)%`TA5`0:?R3(PJ%%

$1**=01^%J'H0#V@]NH8V$OL'SG&Q9(
M@W#&O0JPHR;AXE)!JI!Z'4_=5SJV]------1&[UORQ/5W(4LI*S4*A%2^+I-

4#!V0O&DL1E*A2P4



MRUS.




/.K.X



Y//RKDW*
OC'B@6*S@D5E=E_

M/K$UW1RSDMR;(V6ERY%D5GZM5@ZG[^


PO`^'RWMS=E(V:1EI.[4-0H8$(E6:1W:*-%4L05





MF9V0S9)8%T$Q3+L_D/)M


HD\+(QB;R9!LI^5M!:*6-A5JDJR;JCIK!%J[
M&Y7OF+

;S3=M3IJS5Z




M\UN\D+31($J5.W\1`I
[GN_Y`Q=7L;5W#4Q5L/N:X$9BQCAO`EXN-/F7=_QQ
M6Y&0Q[;8E]5;

M



M:


MB?




;S)N+5$I*
MIJIE$0XF(?X'P'7OQOBR%E7L\U?TC4.]2YF_P'_
9_-ZKC;@KMK6OE-^(#
ML[C]8U]+_6Q.O@;K_]7OXTTUZ$K)LH6+DIF26*VCHE@\DW[@_P#`@R8-U'3I
M8V^WRI()&

M?*^*(C)S'


?


@)U`14.B4RN6](/E


2VG
EBI'6[`=QS3:








M0V7

B+:)8

D\RR
S3'RTCD3PJ\

Z5Z9;/FDZX=I.



M_+BBNY&$R



\SQN^QMY:MB^021S06MRD?FQ7%O`8?`QCC=8S'((D4NN

N]7J7J#7;^+-



3YC*8O,V'Q37=UY;WD4/Q,ABMX`ZF-%A#E%!4AG+22;BQ)\W(?4;
MEW*^0<=2ZQ-C:93'7Y@$,9?X=Y#`N^20J0S;J;NA#!0$4]-:[,JJ7N8RM!Q%
MB/2ZG8:38LUXWME;;R\C$SS^AM:'
O'L:ZL\H=Y'L)Z%DHUDR(8`49';**@


MUW($/:7CO`
@A

E[+
M9*)@4&#2#45=

]7Y^K)QM5N!6N0JZ

UM+-/

WG0LH5#+!N.QE;H=W6B++GECQKD_#/47$X^*VN+B#)P7D
3)+'/';H\

_BMQACL5'Y'LN




:;(@$AMUA@B2%
MSSU+Y??\?O^(YOC^/Q




M?Q?NNZI__`?7$?VS
^-3I$KTW
Q+%B
N/6[&65;+FZ,R7'T`G.Q%SR?A?KTN^L6.*`SQ]9J\]=3
/=:UC]]*UR






?99K(

M[N_63PC(F8Q;R

M^WS)%NUG





M/=R7KQR%E#E4$1*].U`*L]10DKU)`IK4I?NV7:E/K#%7K_.?D6-R+DCI?V[R



E0(0A6QW0XT







@IJ+



1
EU^E/&LGZ98C


9@L7D5CL2WFRO)N4-)V1Q;*

M`8H*&#4\@]2





`]]!
MTZZ@[]OK)-/Q7W?Q+.



A1&0(*H7;&D.EC:7GHR0LU+F9*(ML_%S9J:R)9AC(AU`IO2./


8E_
B1P&`*L$HCON:@\/XC0:US










MCTRVYM57$LX%F1)9/VB2PJH)%

A8$;C3\70

M2Q


MP7CV+RQ@G1I+6_MGN8A&619W@6)'E24JJL30Q`)YLJ


M4@




MNKP2*8'#-&52B.6\?QOI]RN?CTF0S=L\5A;1^=:J=M\4BH%VQ)+&KHFQ4F#T

(R


+R'D=U-!GI88[06O
M19%CN;IYXW\LJ69V20.J4\:`A0.K:U-=I:+4

M-IM:JH[F%J\(@:8D8YV[+'SCE-LX6]PY19K^(BI$Q!
W

;';O'0$4(O4W#MI
MQNXQ_(U*Q&6M\Y)WR]9=E

;S&OG'99X]J?9,7SU9=Y#S+D&0O5NQ]893*D]DG3Z
M]'D


MQJWM
YBLIS?*#+LT

M^-;(QL'9FD1LQF_L#:S]G






M.
^K61S^*N_+G@)BH:


#

2;F(:T



M






M;6ZW
YVJMS'=7
1\N&2*1V95:(JA0Q!9-AF5U!$8VEY-Z1\$3'19(7ET_(;F



U
`KE
359';XNH]_0_


M.57_`)695O\`A'8%I0Z[KK'X.TL[RP./PT&#S:1QA7A$8NYMOF(IB*^*,6L
M,JA6J]'!7^SO?&0

9^URS5*V(Y@LK.
D;JG$0*DH5
MD63M$[


0QI:X/RTY9Y]N_D;)E-A%
4Y@L7#2H-B$E7L?]*=3

6A\V$HJL=R

M
**@+`@FJKN.O?ZMXR[Q&
L
[@[GR=DGE2`NRC:X+`K3PJ05-2:*:@4)H-3G
MI64Y*%@4'#CJI:Y+(L4NN
?8Z?A^`I-4?P$C:C%C7



L




E
5H9=Q))D^G$
1)JV
PCH=<O[[\BC$4QR=P;<T(+,P-#[17IK,L&Z@$YVB142PBXIFTLK<S*-B&#:
M.9-CK^Z77%)JS10;)JLH8Y]BAR




TD5#[?`R]??K$







MK$T=HO%6HRJ[=2*E5E12=JSC8412?

](L3C(
UHI8


0
U%:40$R23HZ+CPB^NJJ]O8P1/4$ML%0:CL)!*]E?0HJ0
MH




T=W?K:V;(




MQF+%%`C6.IZ[56B*/Z(!%:4_:U4%8AJR03E73Z
)+)DC'*S`J9#O7J:+HLBZ
MC6Z*CI
KM59(JA&B:2)!
X



NU55W'*QT;I5
M]9OFF9R7N59<M)=B.2DXO5Y)]'J-Y1;=%:E.V`R88@<$ES(T'G9['BG


2
^KUZNUIG9K
^&K4Y.9CK/'P3A]!MY*VJH
'Q4&
M&0
%'


9^%1[@+'(

HD9L$V
MR+EVT3(T2$$Q
B8$S\0'B7^$/JCC
%;XO$P8^();Q1!5@!:`4``%`.G=W=

MRYE.HD*50IS))_4(VTE34*``*)Q&T?B.X\3`;X`:U;Y7!\/G;Y*=U?MU=
M6!E,V)LV/:%I]FMZ6H[K,:::::::Q'GZ5#P9F&5'83
\97@Z(&*8Q3.3UN1


MR5AF@X2D2K

7!&MO'#
M$T,T\WEM'/,LT3&Y=HVMRDH\@RA97CE:*WXK+2<O2YR57EJ;(



R;7
M'BDTX=MK

5&$L+:
)&O2K`#K(Q``:1SXI&I5F))ZG6
P^&NVDGO


V]C[6D[6(E;L[9!?E
U5
J=1!W



F@BN(YC(%0

MC*@J'D\N&29O+3RZ
*'/=?M3+WM^`B4P2T1;V:8V$)&XM#NV+!):/E%'
5!P
M!:P_?


M%X[9WN&FPY@EC6!(KQ

)X
M[WADF.P'&

Z






'*^\#96G&


MQ+`#VDZCN2N+GD&9O



M^P&#R*?_`+Y@!MA
(`'']FP:[X+R:[`


BL26
ML
26ODWA2QAM&W&2-Y0OF(W59(3Y7C'4ZH^`
R];L`W)W4[G;VN0:YV?R5DU
MIG28HMPA6U&A

MQ%$DZXTL5'PQ.=9
7]=6/:K!K-6I=L

M.7;]5M.72D:42.E`I!$!-Z?NX[BVP]FLW9Y7DUKSG.\SEX!E66XX_:0K$J
MQ5-U$]Q+)#N
M`H

M[V\ND=+XVAI%K/4&7:R
PA2SUI24DFSE!5K$I+KJLBF
X4!
H%Y(#4GJ.NLY
MZ;8'

Q?316LR0%DN74QW%4
WFA596#2E5#D!%J2=E?1'
M'IK-TQQ_
F


M[M0GIU1!^D:^2/SQ\8.7^8_DE\PI&MI8*2!4]+6-OJ[==5T:'&.8%#X%9-0#
M^I!
-4TQJS'WZ(**H]VO=UQURTTTU8&5G166


W.+;#96Y;\

MAA44#*:
IIT(!UK/A^6PXK



6P#V

M8^3&5AY-LTCHI\T8,'C4S94R3@5$#*'*DL)A,BW\.T]CSKB4^L.0WTSBZG

M5WG;N(JP:E3KWIP+U7M3%$.(POC4-//*6XB(8[@V]R'VFO\D
`50KV+KQU

&Y@2^9N9
K5
=TR



M0-MZ^NL:R?;KBRZJZ+CX!OZ_@.NAEKT/;KJ*ZJR*_P`-Q_HUT
I'T:X=FO#5
M

N=(I4DQ

M6X[DL+?W\4-O'R(;6++M$LJ+4%6IU;:&+`MV4H#0T


M1
;OW2HMQ'<1Q1;$<%O_`!`&\H`6'4]:4AZ7YQ4X

MQ/8J@F42-(IJ4`.=T@'R@)2\4]AX!L`&U]HCF

M=BCM#*:J1T*$%2`1TT.R.#S/$.0WN$R5E);9SF93`/[0D'\;/V*C='5@?&


M*9]`?5'TAO,'?W-_@K$_2-O





)P234
4#





MXTTUI-^^5S?]?
*UX3)BVE.P$*\62





MO)J/X];*\)=J\B91L$[%+5^E73ZXP]G(/Y^#8(OI&.2BD$XZ
FK(6(?OE&RC

O7I3=+D\CG.%XV2]O8_+N)&@B
LR`(NV1R


9)LGT

M*'J6Z,[:DW*/6KGCW0CRG*+MF824/FO4B9M\@)J*AVVE@:]@7J%76HK/_8)
MW;)Z896Z6?RLHOS-2SMXNX08F24E#))(
%%3
6;E1M)G0771336=)E(IC`
MFF!=A,7Q6*PMHY[.%50?B4`O9UKV]W0'LZTI4ZI:\YD+Z\:SNIB7;\)K7ZO


7

6!OF

M;)%XC\1]!#]HZ^95SF[C%M+86O@W-5CWG6Z%M91Y*^GNIQNJ[$?63JW4+
J5



@539$0


M5U*1C-
Y.7J@B!20J:91LMLW)Q[666Q_'
=:V


MOV\[




MD5S/'GIWA/YQ`%?O/Z=;P6EJEP$B(_*0#I]0UY(O-KID5R\DGRZCIP^9N2*D
M65*JB+%VF[1
4R:A#``KHEY$_A4(`D.!B&
4?=8WMS;H6WDR

MX5-@VK^G4K*-WAR+0L-&FVELA@DF3Q.O;5G9&)M6@Q[
4R2+1T0CTR@&
M4%82B8@+J'IQ)K-OGTO[=+#+VD%U80.(IXDGB#@D!MDP9055F`(ZBM*]3K


DFCP229.6;A--





JNVR/4623QHSIC<K9Y(O94KF41:2\E'OG#6#

M_HADFZ





YAS_\`
M2HO]


+*1NXRSR$G?JWMK


M]9PQ5K=7+)!13Y20E6I:[*R3ITR.+EF5Q(1T


M:L`!0CJ#7H0?%MKM)K3J0*T(RK075


M-FT:29HU(DA!V!)=T::M


M2O6M33KJS
@YMI^

M]I:I9+U\;:TY19&^HKKO4@


MC+`.'\6XT:P6(


MBTG(^%)TH*@
Y

7?T'?9*WDDY;Z56$BL%O+*\@F8

M'TUM&/7CTESU@BY&[GMWD_$DL
C.I[V:2



H


0

@(D$Y^OT;]$XKFTS'(N`9FVNKXH8D9@-UIN&[QV[


MW#V

VLR.Z@CRCV
DB!*(R&



M\PMSAKW)\#ON/Q[






6]ZT6?R..QT8
M:4
TDH8+(AD0*Q#%&K/$86V

M91*1O

1974N?O\`XHVTCR0V

QD;RUF:

MC!F0R5EW2%X_`B@&
[?

SQ_8S%^JO#(L387-O9RJ9E6Y(^
M(IYDR#S45F1PBWHJEORW4EFKN.'7)WV0XCG)
A=P37
;^66AKY5=D;G8Q`9




MYQ'FU25(\CDS)*?V&:7,-MB2GQ+\L/6C_$9\F[O
/Z78GXT+5?B[G?%;'N

)]JV
M\9(_US=NMBF.8

M*\!

&E-O4DL:FK
M&FMH+'T&]+N

M;U0X#F\5!#E4N[5HM\L






M*H@MS273#A\I@Y?-^_5W\BXERVZX!/9W6-'Q\

E74D%2`U=PH.G;UI

MW3=5)


M?H)%&^D$ZOF
MSN\;D5

M0`*F8S9




MUE&1ZH80K.+1N+_
MP;7+ZPM&P]68M*W8FC=JQ12_PM[,X2&$5B4G;Q4Q&C
M9,R[A4$CF,!;&'&+S6QDQ(NF17SLT[+':Q*6(C0*6EFE+@1@EMJ`([-M9B%
M4`M[XN-YBZSZXNVMA^ZU@5WN94!=B:1PIM;SH`9V+(J[E`+&H$#YJ4EZ=+

K90WULC(#

M46




M@UQM?')@$2MZC/KB!0W


JXTJ.1W#-C&LVR=RB0F&S-&//++L?



MK?AAY%QJXFN
-F+RQGD&UFMKB2$NH-:
874D5Z@-TKJTV?0_I2]'BEU8PB8=


M0P_Z-6#FX@(`)C4.NAL(C\-SM!*`C\`]!UUS?

M1BPIS///[OC[W^*;5XL:GC7$-$DZIC.-@*/6$T99RQK
FVC8-F_DTQ%U[.
M3
MMC6@4$C<2%H%
MW&I/8M34=M*:ZY+#(Y.:XR&6-S/=OXI)IGEED;:@0%I)6=J*JJHW
0%``H!K



M;;Q1[4D4D31K6M=K@=E3M:@%68@:H[K%GN:W!
\K(MK?`L$%%ZRN5K)7*P

MD'7I0

B\6@Y.87BF\

M$XF(F'




W:W12.

M1V?6-:Z\;OH'S6.MDA\6ZE?90'NU

M0Y*9+[?'PNJ9-(*[?'UX*#KPY-!)C

M/2\C

+L2R;)8(Q=VB_.=V\`
M1G&I&!$VOECU#1:CP[P6_S/HF40V```[[0B_S5M;X^<RVYGG7SU&5J4%
M4(BW%RM#6H6OL``(&+MTRR7

MEW9S
T=-?T<R9%0+RX`?UY%$\1*4Q1$VVVX&'C\?CZZ$`'MZ'7.22*.95W[5;
MO!I2@(-?I\/;V]=4AX@MYDI%@X.QEFYQ


MSKIQ]/R77UKK%L5GGC:



0Z

3SOY(C#
M

MVC
9C1XMLIW5D:1F_'&K
@A)E#O%U19VJ4D'W9C(&3CK3!9+V&-Z+?6K!BU(
M=4ZL?#N)-`M3`JLH0B[=;WAEVH($(F8J1S@KG;:3*6Z6

















=TN1S=6%I4?'DQO]5QE
M3&UJ?D?A

M*WZ1RV$


187*F/I9L
R$




]DLWQKU$31LLD
MR*DLDT#N2&#_``RE7
KR1K0=P6H)T.]R*[4%ZX?)^/F4W#52DY(EJY8
M4>[KDRU`5#MVKM!R]:R
8/T-KN8U



(@


M'6';YV8K\])34IF:?R%=;4FQ(B/;62)BJPR,3YDDEVP'!^7F
(#XP```1$

15<#ARW$WQ]?W[^OPV_U-6GQT;2
MA756<A(.\'KTU)7[-:9WOW6.EJ+8!/XLN%7]-S*;.MV!TX4V]1XE10
/]`;
MZMJT5ECC+?B)&J

ML/Y$LB)'PG*R
W3X]L6#DT0,]O^8`:T)3Q`&A!H:=:$:T'4?[L!
MGI68W/'T=&'(F!K#6BK6!@4IR;MG)F#Q_$+))K@`#LFNOQ`P`!C'#AKY8\I



M)4C?7?
D1D\)8&7MD``]8YQJ_X*DH3YX+=.:*KW


C8Y@%DN0@Q?W**+)*&`HJ&*A&$E59!R?QFY!$C!1WVVUK
MEA

M;N[$_$?H`UAE3NCU

BV\_//G3MT=)%!HRAXR+=R#UPLH

M@
*AGYY;&A`\NSGNZ+'&S'Z`*ZV!TW&$;&5%S;I*#*REI.7DV



8C$7
JX6@WLP*O
:=A4T*H
M/Y)`+'\0[!J:3/\`Y(U_\V0_^Z+K=353'M.O9TTTTTU9.2D!=8]N[8!V%Q59


MF/\`

MHHNHLH=8!+L81$H?O]1'6!OI99G8R



4KV[`:-V&HKV]:4H:+KS9G9DM%&M$=5WU=_
4O'JE
M:.PM*
@BYD5FR0LD7FP))
1?AG</'
IW(Z
:I(K*I\)CZ;O%3KMW&HU0EU
M:SS9F[O4D(


Z=II7^`X!L48?F*QV4RX.R2LR)X@$VN

MM\Q62R)$NDC`Q7C@U&A6
`JF^.$.\*+CV:
53SLF[-=X9


VZ]$&TKE4\MUJ%18*`%JE7D-:$L`#7JM).)6.-=L.K

=!V`UJ
;PT1?$ZV9S)H1+SV



M?


MXD$!#YN12AMOML)!W#;B)?4=_AN&VPZY%:=VLA+=%O6H`^L=G93^*FO99(

M%:R$


MJ-TW!(N'B0@B95`1

Y`XA_-*4!3&1



MP;A8:$FI







8^/T@]1L9C(I9+B3%W2*P!=YI
M6C8$]*L79OM/2M=:2
U)*(_`X40

M/GTIF7R5C';TKKLK_2D




:[:14B4KOPF
JB
M_1$BB9543$5#;+U#M



M)$G+T.X$#&

M9:/G?'].1M=DZV4.3L.
S(Q[++\)DN9CYJ5@O=&

8JR
M3ATNBY$_RMB43$Q-EE9L'+F;S@F$AML*]E$MTEZL5P?$U8HTFC=T%67Q/(


69
=

:@7-6W7#^WS/XCKN6U)=0/3333335F9&;D=
MX]OC54`

MCIZXWRN

4#D0DVLC&

7I
ZX+DJ[RMRF)!TWAXFZI4=

@F*I&Z=EX.X:?%8R]FBC5I8VD



;`93K^6
96

M4$J&&X`J)4ZJ.]Z=U=2-/5'#'%W^.FP4Z321




M--7J?V42633524P7E



98Y&J



]UQF*$I$$VQ1HBD`DU90U2[5

2$Q1+R4.J


MQ*PB`8P!RG*J7D)?DYH0YA$##MN`?'TUF)HXX(R%`HH^OIW=._\`A76*


G
MQ+Z;


M;@[
_P#Q


M(OHW!^
F+R031W\1'KEK6$EG1$M_E!0Q@+^&OUN/8!X8[9\'9FW3\*F&
JOT

MX?R$X



4L*!1^0-OZ/33^[







=VL4]U
MLHKMXPO4MO6.@4N`=JEPP'5B&;:4CS8-\G-;W5U?34#U(7P
PV@;&D!+;21N



Q-S
OCGA5B1V;NQ_L:H^D'41$L)KUTA






Z/N81JSD+M8

DA$40*]NQXI


:]AD26&-NP'RUW=

7##&*+C

:I7`QGS$]:=.P;I-XB


;=WA[4_JD

-?MEK/PQM*







R
(Z*YA!5I@U1()$&R:2!'JS0I1`HHG%5$Y=^08=PD=IS*RL+&

_XY&)[3V[


M60PAZE
;K:CVJG%KV-6K&KTDBMMJK-U(OH!J\



5*X8OM4@:Q



MG%MK8:R%68C)NEU&SJ*%KXSI@)CY*V%H3-+%1IDC)QC;4L?"(F4L4V4;8`
M'WU![


6:C9;!&H6B8D&922K9HB2
M-3<N'?)XP028JJ$*H`B/GW,`/$LPQ^QEFF*+0@\(6O?4J.@-`?HULDTH
M:V@\UZLQ8^,MM`H`QZT!!(^G4W?L&

Z[9?E


:F6

9.-TUQ*U3;)



CCAD*0J3&R1.`Z$=#O'4@G^213;].L=E./W





HF4BXBU:GYBGN!3%$-QV]-8/6^WAFNXI;;J\:!7Z'M4




MBV$N`]_$M?;^C4B-1'4ZTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTU\TZUS3^)R#DZ
M';0.*ED&64LDD2_-$6/U=LG7;U;)4Z;E4JJ(B14.3?;U%9(B2/P*`!1&4J
C



MZ%3D'Q7CI(P%

M7'N%7*35B1H+8IU5WBAP1(F'(3?;U$=5IDK_
2SPQ8N&1KMI`$5!N9V9J!
G0:F[CSJ+@2JY#I.
M1ZO9<@L;%`2[668QKP
8^-


_
M1JTIM/44Z@ZV`9/GJL[5-+OV46QG++[4DH]6!!PO+NHR-;1






E
H


M*U'%T^Z%1KG*&3+(*T/


M;6`-&`J&%5/M-
I5%+'J%AG\4+XX7R



M8F1[.1PQ



4Y6(H0Q#$



61?-:

HW)#%-(

U%J3V&A:B]






='G59B1VX0.D+
M91,&R[A=BQ`3.2;D$#IEYB(B`.LQQ/C]UB\X^1&24`2
03M#$'H10
0:@TZ
M=/=373R;D5IDL!'8?N\M(T8!50QDH-2H(H17KU]_?K;5^EG.YGL_=V[0^`





+K]V51!4`*HDBXMD=*.DD3[`;
M@4W#EL;;D&X=XP&(F_M;9U8?2?TU&L5+G\G#5H)H2A]E$K_4*UU_
GW%M
\V




5!//JRH_W4


#;B


6G

M*`^@@(\YY3=2+&O_`(2








0IB&$BQ]B&$HEY)@?E
MR+N'J`_WMPU'A
A0TJ#3Z_X?3]NO=+01U!/975=OWW1LR4/*$_'TK)DO#5G



MB1F0^I/96N1N36
6+F4D

Y%)%M+5%F





V3(7B0Q#FYF*2JLSZ8YV
028C#7[W)9O
#0
MD*!0;=K;VW==P/2A&T@]2-=7%/4K`QSS+FLW9);;5\LB0;J]=VY0H`%-I7K7

M!Q\A2\C;B`##


M`VYINS&H(()I&`Z8\6B;HRI`42
9L?BKJ]N'^A4UG(D^0LR@K7:W6GV]2??T
MZZQ4_.N(V

E`E\@=-N

M=N



M
VX.L..KK:*')Q#EI-M[=G=*KQ[.US]?G6[QDG1:!#



Z+


C
0URT,BN=[AHQ6M!M`Z%56@`EAG*J8)
MO/4NK9NH&9X`^7&4]'X^O6





F







;O


@G)


$4:JNX.=BVDE'+F*0X+LW8-W:A1*8
M#I*``@.X:PR^1?6921`]M-'U4_M*PZ@_2#K
65[O%GD[*0KN5)$;L(!`933Z
@HF]*&E*4\U1M`VEBIKJU;;
M-V_(;0PY$&5[XR=J2U/B-7O[=C&I-0-VLW520A[*$K/52?=(/Y)F5C(L)A

3QG-LF!A$36+C9;/(1S9#'7DA$J[2')VU






-D9HKB*XLXPK

3R1`


@!^GN]NM6=Z408R*AC
M'*BB4PD*951
HCZ[AR.)MA




M&$!`0$0TTUSV=O/TZ'5K.;YQ:.OEWL_5:RJ.EI`:K!QB5ZPHJ[6!118[3'4C
M*0DE5SN%A*0I8N7;1[1N)R(
2@80U([3E68MOA%ENGGA@)
:R
65*]NT$T!(

#`LCB0H#P2EW(!OMR
M'5P6/S`Y^VA22S38JT%#3LU1F3^6S7D\D\.18
QJ=PKUU`BY_9P^[VZ=&D

N0Z:IDQB

18[;+
ZWXU8P


K(W+'\D0]


MU9G$O5CF'$8XK6TO?.QR]!%+5@H]B-^)1[!U4#L`UIWRO]GSOW62O3XUN_7C




!5'(W7)I[1*


MHD$)2+;+@!BN&BA#F$JL\-968'EQ]=5KD^3Y'),Q=]H/UZZ3JG4JM0ZS!4N
MD5R#J%0J\6SA*W5ZS%,8.OP$-'HE;L8N'B(U!LPCH]F@0)I(ID(0H;`&LL`

MD+_+W7R-1';T^1Q)99:(*?#^R8=]9UX((*?G:Q=YZH6MP#2+M]VKDI?Z=3[
MJ^279$;3C7$V&DE5D.^R/F6H2C=`AE%&443Q$KE-X8ID`X@1(QA`X``;\
M@+);3`BVH/
-!J&Y#F

MU



M\9A4-QX\N)*%.F-MR^7?8/Q]-8_*@G&9`E3_\`HG6/RQ48K)%P=@MY*T[:
LC@

*X+Q5C-.






M_P`D4Z'7MQHKD;$?]LG^D-8W

4C6.P[





3-CKNU:5@M_YHD8H06HS%:QNX9JD[CTJ

M@$ACI\3#H%S;TUSFN[BZLK1KC$L2RN@ZH2=K(.HV^T#:1WZW(XQS?%92VA

[5VN5=FH(B8Q1352

A1Q56!7W4.J%CV



M;Q#B)A3K(0DG)D:Q1G$@0%6/^!=B'O9!3P@0IDD?(=`!3`H?
;4ZQ5C=VT45
MC!:





M---?_]#OXTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
MTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTU%KO$Q2DNF

!\2*
MA]B#Y


M54ZK\8AZ#DBP1&


MOYBEZRG04E7[#^K7*JU-5;[OUZQ6U:0);^Y.R7H:EL&'EC'1=VS*OTHL*K%/



//F``

_[!V=A

M6M.J

$H&Y#K&6U_`\-\F
M+P920*OFLSGSNX;1^=*3MW4_`!W5Z:S=_8Y'=:/F
U%Y&\[%2/P;J&O]FG;


*HE
;F`
MA_!%


V:RU^
MMV6CZ


9!7?&1N(V@TJ



UZM------------------------------
9------------------------------?_V3\_
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 outstanding
 
 
 
 rate
 
 
 
 outstanding
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In thousands
 except
 percentages)
 



Senior secured credit
 facilities

 
 
662
650
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
780
550
 
 
 
 
 

 

Less current
 portion

 
 
(15
000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(15
000
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



Total long-term
 debt

 
 
647
650
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
765
550
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 &#xA0;

 
 

Represents a weighted average rate
 including applicable
 interest rate margins
 for the senior secured revolving credit
 facility
 Term Loan A-1
 and Term Loan A-2.



 


        
        

The scheduled maturities of long-term debt at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013
 were as follows (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
15
000
 
 
 
12
500
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
21
250
 
 
 
18
750
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
21
250
 
 
 
18
750
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
190
000
 
 
 
187
500
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
180
150
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
177
650
 

 

 

 
 
235
000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
235
000
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total outstanding
 debt

 
 
662
650
 
 
 
237
500
 
 
 
247
500
 
 
 
177
650
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



The
 scheduled maturities of long-term debt at January&#xA0;31
 2014
 were as follows (in thousands):

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
20
000
 
 
 
12
500
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
5
000
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
26
250
 
 
 
18
750
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
5
000
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
26
250
 
 
 
18
750
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
5
000
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
195
000
 
 
 
187
500
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
5
000
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
299
490
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
5
000
 
 
 
291
990
 

 

 

 
 
710
000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
235
000
 
 
 
475
000
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total outstanding
 debt

 
 
1
276
990
 
 
 
237
500
 
 
 
247
500
 
 
 
500
000
 
 
 
291
990
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

771

409
        


        
        
        
        


        

050

804

781



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

771

409

311


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

050

750

720




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Transactions with Morningstar Foods
 LLC (Morningstar) - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

352
000

490
000

000


        

513
000

551
000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

500
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






 2012

          















 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2011

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2012



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2012

          



 2012

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

				 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

155
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000


        
        

045
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

540
000
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest rate swaps
 notional value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest rate swaps
 maturity date
        
        
        
        
        

				 2017
        
        
        
        
        
        

				 2017

				 2017
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Fixed Interest Rates
 Low
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Fixed Interest Rates
 High
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

700
000
        

700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

				 2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

914
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

686
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

				 2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

913
310
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

086
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

086
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        

452
896

000
000
        
        

400
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

400
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of common stock into which another convertible security was converted
 or shares of common stock into which another class of common stock was converted.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 unusual voting rights.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Segment
 Geographic and Customer Information - Summarized Income Statement Amounts by Segment (Detail) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

542
063

289
438

025
751


        
        
        
        


        
        

034

680


        

432

253

694


        
        
        
        


        

027

924

149


Other (income) expense
 net

829)
        
        


        

234

372

423


        
        
        
        


        

905

354

990



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

123
997

921
444

657
192



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

066

994

559



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

034

695

680



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

155

960

807


        
        
        
        


        

717

499

826



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

879

735

873


        
        
        
        


        

628

855

164



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

602)

476)

666)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`SQF+E@,``9)```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
W
M.VT`4QO%]I;Z#Y6V5

+4GQ


M==\%5V:V[3AL0EFK




MJE!0%8JJ0F%5**X*!5:AR!I39(TILL8466.*K#%%UI@B:TR1-:;(&E-DC2FR

MLJ8465.*KE%UI0B:T:1-:/(FE%DS2BR9A19,XJL&476C)K1I$UH\B:4V3-

TILA8460N*K`5%UH(B:T&1M:#(6E!D
M+2BR%A19XJL)476DB)K29&UI,A:4F0M*;*6%%E+BJPE1=:2(FM%D;6BR%I1
M9*THLE8462N*K!5%UHHB:T61M:+(*HIJRB*K:(HN(JBZJ*PJLHBJ^B*,*
MH@@KBD*L*(RQH#H6QEA.(8O3R.)4LCB=+$XIB]/*XM2R
+TLP12S!-/
$DPU
M2S#=+
&4LP33SA)


?NM0XUI#LR.EBU'QW\```#__P
`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0U53`C]0```$P```+``@7W)E;',O+G)E;',@H@0**``
M`@``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````C)+/3L
P#


MD3!1RF%HT9


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

MRV[;1A2&]P7Z#@+W

MGXT!43#/P9G_POE)ZNV[?Q_N5W^/TWQW/*P[NW+=:CQLC[N[P^VZ^_/3[V]*



M9Y:[U:?'4ZO]_;
?;V[NMN/[X_:OA_&P?*-(_\]Q^CSOQW%I)]U
M^.R[LZ'
MYO[IFU;QJG7=]=]N:#!Q/X-1.V$0MQ



M/3

JDC]XM1Q[E.-X



:MD)J#I!


M2+IH_?

MOYG&W1_+U'Z=X'5F\/HPN98^2\'K9:]60H]&$=5&$=DHG'H\YG`^)G\3J55$
M..LWI-3.98/!'PE74'NBVKDB.E=6.U=&Y\IJY\KH7%5][[IB3EC5-]@JIZA.
M?5%H#KEE\G=$6T72'C5\&#WBV_J('7DF]Q+)]5_]1M3U?P```/__`P!02P
$
M%``&``@````A`%)IWGF(```UR8```\```!X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6R4FMU3

MXI=L9U/\YC[+MW&)9?[0*W:YC=?%QMIRF_0&_?ZDMXU=VJT5/N6G:&3W]VYE



MH\$L2\3DC[R(LOOHOSM+.B.*9A2
1JI\R;:D@MP?]C1NIX)M'/([(9D*C!.W


M7+'+BCBI47YV)399-`#DPS(*X]L\3HMX57E].3*3?1'EJ=P-!A9'HF`^+B,
M0AFAK#(44[I'J@%=7ON,4)A2:HR^9]1#*SW,$VWR$Q0SX8HZ!=Y+#/'6\
M0`F6=2+^W;N=+P`A

F5S]XA#?+315Y?WAPXNTF+
O?]1`@QJK#NAE.B
+UKSWMGGR@C
I



M[+`0JN(0DFA66+2*$5Q$#)3+K:Q)CMHT#+?7&QH:HV8@A?D$6=I+$)29',#
MUU?D'))H8U@T(CK6,^ICH2-N?JQ.%'G8HWG`XYTS%0(*;BY]_#/5[:
'9XY
MT*FQBXP5V\$^]$4(L8N
%=I!H0L2&C/96#12%.YG?/AFRG:$YM9*B6MDPO6/



M1^AP\8NVAD5(Z)O%K?G*):ZZ\4)4')`X?$6V2)#2X8!$9\

9


$8@Z5:C:F1!B




MCW^MJ;HDZKV]DW;^?P```/__`P!02P












T]=@*!LK?#&+7XH02.(0


O9

M*)GP%N(:S(@'-&(I0IXF-#*[&45!

I
S3CGM

(:HC9P`E`PMF:/L
MM78MKAJ!2F=/]V1

SD'S6O5`]ER#U#V[!&?C(DU'B`&@QO(
M6/IL#&;1BB8@M8`[VWD%%4)


EQ?%'Z6MJ6



M@5O.'.60






@?!#
4YGZ@
3
MW84^3


YV75(/@NA


M9^?FBB

M
\6KZ:#PR;MV9L[:]%*'F)8O4T
?U1@J8MAM@8/4\7T/H)FTW(5DIM;7;9
TX(4CI+U5#A3O-HJ%#YM%;8^#DJL+SQVQE/9


!\%^@_$+Q'+UOR`Y:#V$':`U0

P@8*AUBDMCFJ7O
M:UHR0;0G&U;#3BZ5(`:6JO!UHQC)VB!1^5$0)+X@O










M970Y
L88J5W2LA3NE

M58GM5\F+[[QE4&W8)[



K6#SKJ`_X0#5=+J38


*J<G&2V&L<QE'HQX.S

M\Y'AT1P+7]?K9M'4`/3Z(9EU8$'6042BA
S..\#P:(TM7

#0``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Y,2YX
M;6R45]N.HT@,?5]I_P'Q/D!Q3:(DHP'4NR/M2*O57IX)5!+40&*=+K_?ET8




















M$OB7)@DC/PZ3+)\QRQH=]1O\5'3%PWU3OZZ@:V#-]E+('A1W



H'!1KL#-X`A^J
M)W?*;TM+L5Q:IBZ]?
1/J





M?%6K@X#0;U^_'V49X)S1`*FP%'D41BD'I9N0++JY%`()ID

LD`55B0)A$C&<EA$1^'$HP4&




M)I1(116!;Z3&*K((C*$3C-SLU!6HHHJ$FRP=N;*%B]#8C[+:PJ02J3@(][4M
M-
/**[BMA%`2;D4:
##;.XU
_RFI$
0

#B?.`



.1!SGWUJ.*1%$^&L0B-
IC:^/9Q!*IAM;
1IY5

M(/B




M'$8NCNE-A.S55NWYQ%/^*B'#S$_Y
:*G;T!Q'IA2)QQ-
)&*3D&6PB]!V*;N

_RFH+/G/8%J2:

MI'LPX#C3`^+/N+V9:
A0I58!T


MTP59A
C
B4CN._*@(7*\
7



M]:


MM









M3;39K/7N%1(9

M]T

M3-
:&;:97F

M2:$B[S$'YL);!_M[HE080Y7ZY$8:SU4BHT
N&7K:Q9RO\
FPDO&8VZQ)^S
&C




M2=.TR[


M*7%@N8+R/V*)K.O2=(:KH7+4]%H:U8'118^#K('T/N3K:3^PH!A9L`P(
MMS0WP+N#&PWV?441=Q*+!%+4)\%TC:=SA/AHH3`)AT`U,SO-C41G3=$XUM

`K:TD*33WSK



M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`
JUN


^V6)F(E)?;

:0L82K6T

%


M=[G^(?9?&-]F&K8[A(A
8//T[8&I!#(*-(X?&J9$Y&``OJVF]*`C-#7^G?/
M4YTM[4GDA+$W(0WUDSI1VXH;2O9*2V*/P@B#162^`T)_#8D)'(/XRG5[X


M_KRL2$3BA?L24T:T#VX+L%^2W!3NM)_#1]W0ZRP=I`S;2)NO&RST^Z,M,
M3LM,AC(F]`F4QF4YLVAI@T8;!$0Z;070`H*'JC+Q2!2@/0C/63_L@6S*SV
MV$GHST86$'2%!=CLOH7+T@9\%#T922,HJLO`A_J,.\`@^.@]R@8\5(ZFP4@8
M,8TP2:S


T8)K2
M^PU@*QL:\+TVP8T!1
5H('3\[E@
/?Q7OR.G&IX_KL


7`D*)C<LD\LSY65B)V99P@45?NTG;7N


U.KB5R35V)95/V_HF$64-

!:



)Q1*+X?1??$#4!WE--%S

4<2MQ*!%'5)
%T#2-=E(IPT=V&1



@[F*]JHC;QR?$NY%EQ!-/S7MIF1RPU:L*)23

XU=(T
M:/.@1=TTN;70T%B;KSG\D&+0&`(/Q)D0^O`^`/@Z9++OX#``#__P
`4$L#

M)

M(

LTK&R
LZRDQY&Z79^)1
M9J^EJ%H





M=1!XU$&X[_@\F$
M
565S)806?D3@LNXFXMC]PP#IU20!Q5E;2]LY8WD.6W#0OY?.6^06HR+8J'
M(FXJDK-913X+I!@7!_R=O+.+$JL6%0R%5R
;T#LYQ'KGM#$5XD!@E8U=1


M3&?KU!2.D[3%6J7IHCGWB;N)5O3MO4I

C'I

*A?LSC)

M1J;.1


X=Y5.
1![YHY;&[P7^6

X7$M+TQ%T_G-$7/)5
MB:WV@

MGR7/OO&20=K0)].!C1!/!OHU
U_!8O]L]6/=@1_2R=B6'G+]4QR_
+[;:VAW
M!!69PA;9ZP-3*20*-%X0&:94Y&``7IVFZT!B=7^OW(


WN


+&'-Q[([?$

M+
^5DXJ#F6


3`P
M+GAM;)Q576^;
!1]G[3_8/F]@$D@'TI2-4'=*FW2-.WCV0$3K`)&MM.T_W[7


MPU+N?-5(1K



8T[;C;Q1E]Q5
I
ME




KXKM!0[0@



T%!E

0N


:I4X^\%IO&

6]UQ%`Q4G^X2


M4K6KNE7:I&G:Y=DQ!JP1K;3M/]^QSBA0-(J?8$`G[_+\;&=]?5S4Z,G)A47
M;89]Q\.(M53DOTS_.?W_=4(Z5)FY-:MS#+TSAZ\WG3^N]D(^J8DPC8&A5


MRE9(LJTA][

=PR)3+!5_G+'%(6*`HT3Q(:)BAH
P!4UW+0&




VH*2O@W219+ZW@8A$\^
MHFS`4^7T)+/%6.'`\+XO&[Z$5T#GNDN7_O)3K?%6-VKQ$M'G3\);(Z#T5I[
MO]0&/!

X]L=W6YX#9
E^\+J6B$J=F:W]J%%A[?#27(3


MQZ:;HZ
XH\!H=D?:E5:K/5P3C&T48RP@DYFWWVJJ#'T@3K


1=/SX

`^7=)1<[F=U#9)$?
M'[*,JQDS]E[(%
N84F5O:3`*6.)55D0<-8R]/
MP$;NM+JE-W2=XM0Q$5+Q`E8SYU6M1299&B&:!/%H1=J2(;(O'Q%7+Q$G(!5


*C6








M3CV

M]9D%MO82KGG)!WT\ZR':C$N'F%OWMD*

]X]OUA[_`P``
M__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`/S\41\#``!]0``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M=',O<VAE970Y-RYX;6R4EE]OFS`4Q=\G[3L@OP<)(1$(54)[39IDZ9I?YX=
M

$J8&0[3?OM=XT#C:%-TSZDP?Q\..?:YF9]\U25UB/A@K(Z0JX]11:I4Y;1

1UADM6DP@]$X%N-I\_K8^







MWY

][065DER
MD)S:JK5PW3_UA61-VX-V3$+?:[\6\#.'P

??7F2[
M__$NYP_[VKM_),J_+A_6J\WJ:7LFY<ZC@2:W^?;\]EPJ??WRN)0M'?[R7KQ


11^)MZ(\(O#RW][%+[LR=V^+^(R_C7
MOU]FOTO]JT.9S


M17_5H=)5894@++



@\3X(XC?49WXJ$=1OZM\.,J_WW!\7$_EY8X](6T

!K1%5
M%4LC?AQ&(]OD7,_(MO1,W68:?MXSD4+/I(WKQ<4](+BOL;'[O8R.HP<3-G!
M5!Q


7-'5!

M@I)E]$EE:^*DLK7QL3(3:Y;C$`++V+X9U\E1%LT8*C8-

^.+3?47-E?=7(P:$G#75S:$$CE.1F5B*4+F5A

.9Z]JI'D4!11%%449105%%44-11U
M%`T4310M%&T4'11=%#T4?10#%$,4(Q1C%!,44Q0S%$'`A+LNX+8+N.\;KR`



@Q%`44110E%&44%

S]\52+&U
V=7(328@Q%



M?

RD
MPJ3*I
:DSJ3!I
FDQ:3-I
.DRZ3'I
]DP&3(9
1DS&39,IDQD22+NK(E%Z3
MI&/CT)2=%S'H24EZ;B.K2F][*7ZW%*2+EE*V

MEC4=S02Y5!\HY6)U$_W:X
UMQKNX4

ME(T5769D-7JX%8/L!JM)E5=48U(W5A3NM\18&B:17WA/D*9)KBVDQ:1MD-U!
MU!O=
4G6LJ*N0?X(#Z*NTHO)\6'

M(I


M6E+.\;B.0U/*.5Y:'3/NPMG/GXB[:-*TBCOUHR+GX=3J/)


MM*:$7EH=

^DP&3H84DMWMD46J[QTPF3*86DAS.


.\U;4'LXS*3`I
BDQ*3.I
*DRJ3&I
VDP:3)I
M
6DSZ3#I
NDQZ3
9
!DR&3$9
YDPF3*9

MTG
T*X5)@4F128E)F4F%295)C4F=28-)DTF+29M)ATF728])G\F`R9#)B
F8
MR83)E
F


M`R9#)B
F8R83)E
F
R82=U$CI4TX-H@UR/(.:W+H1PD[;&LYMV/CT)+R%+6T

RDPJ3*
MI
:D;B')7Q5L6)2Z1]!DTF+29M)ATF728])G
F`R9#)B
F8R83)E
F

],<VDZ<G_T;2A3QQ.J?GW87/'(3)QDP*
M3(I

IDQD;##CI.P8Y-W










MFCLESH$R\&:P=S


6!F+


C]21#





FD)H%K34(FWF01D6@VS.*[
MB&R]U33[5J*$X*N`9^JHJ8'R0J8;6;!FZE!3L;HSEA96XA:@1Y/6Q*1^=I_
M@B+&-6CG0$N,&E#8('QPW\0`?KLQA*#1Z]4]AV
KD


MKPK=ZCM0.X3HTB-7'6!V0^O@O:^``?=\7XB=`@[4]GW1Z
HU'
FVZW$*&*-!

M(&ZD#4RA&C4FC.P6EUH6F&$#&[,#0PB6,BF8]I1],ZV[AN(15




=[#?[


MW]




RI;FC=]S)L_YDT@2V;0
M27(R8TY&DBES
I+-C^



M5Z7K(\Y;[OG$_A


M^H2_RC

MUBLQ-7=







H73)(W=@[`Y

I

\\1C;7TVUGV<3.


M+M%R!]KN0


W8&).S!-!XH6-%.@
MN0(M%&B90NG[6KD#:W=@XPYLTX&B]V4F49%$U20JFW&%ZY5
P_P'JWO(
F]N





)2H
M4Z)!B28E6I1H4Z)#B6Y

$0GW]+4:)EJ5*)/W&'P-18F:2%']6.$&)F4Z0`R5F%N4D9A;G

.N%-MJA7G3H


J1&4?F'%EP9!E`

MXU_.28\13QUS9
*1*4=F')ES9

M1M1%5/.

D<^GRC?M@=#0C
MOJA4W8+#*YH1SQ%D13/B.8*N:$8\1Q`6S8CGI
H6;1_!430COJS4TG27EOAA






(W..+#BRY
B*(VN.;#BRY0B:#Y4

3]0GQ91QE_J12:#\\1


M$

MGM/@2)


Y@J6X%L9S!$]1?6@.J@]G!$]1?7B.XFJ#\\1/$7UX3FIZ@^
M/*?8TWSUV3\W]A75)W[




M[2-(BBM@=%DH/9P1+
6-SSQ'L!0W/O



MCHPX
1M?CLHS<X%9Y)CTV<[YG&7%!P25QQ9

M'&EPI
F1%D?:'.EPI
N1'D?Z'!EP9
B1$4?&')EP9
J1&4?F'%EP9
F1%4?6
M'-EP9
L1
X$1?#1!2!.
-$%)$YPT04H3K#1!2Q.\-$%
$\PT04T3W#1!3A/L
M-$%/$_PT05`3##5!41



V1




H/7Y;@)

M$:Q$[^$Y@I?H/3Q'
@_/





M2MS=S'
$+7%W
\\1Q
3=S3Q'4!-W-_


MCJ+[\!S!4G0?GG/T-#YEX]VY+$B*WD




61


$0?$-+YZ3*EIXY


MD1S4($X(WB*A3GQ41O^&_N8N[@3B2Q-





MQ-4PGB

+8IQ)/4U*T/7U+TH03Q)



M
^#(D,CCHPY,N'(E
SCLPYLN#(DB

M*L1S!$-1A7B.XBJ$,\1+$45XCFIZA-`=5B#.IS@;Q'

:'&EQI)T@
M;P]_U2K^@]+.W4F='%*JE`-_YK#+E]3C2)\C`XX,.3+BR)@C$XY,.3+CR)PC
MXXL.;+BR)HC&XYL.6(F




/9`1.L`D:VT[3_?M=VPHT7<I#@NUSC\\]U[XLKY_J

-#[W$Q!

M134W)P

H4_V_\!S7:[P)/:B))@0@*
M4_J.&TJ



M6`6
;*=I_W['F!#LM&G5EP28



M-T?EB;N_N:!O2
DHIULQ`SI';V,.752!YC6RXI`!#+M%L/;E7WG+0K/M9WU
MLD_07X*/?')M\3T]?F&D^DY:#-F&.LD*;A]D-!OE7P$SLZ%]WU?@9_
JO`6













M.

TPRUI:]AQAI`Y++M1EPBL'F


M[3\```#__P






2P

-@X(391.'!-3'0B`7R2%FPPH'WT_P=1V;;$V32:

IU%Z/4DFT_^SD*#(&]Q0


MC\!66=@G_]CYY-#I^,(P+52]G1PFS]^D)=_````__\#`%!+`P04``8````


2YX;6R4
M5]N.HS@0?1]I_P'QGH#-/4HRFM#JW9%FI=5H9O:9@).@!HPPZ73__98I`MA



O


MM

M#-





M((R9;SNA7F












$(:-JU#)\6^@\T


:PTX%IKV+V'`P


%RGI&;!E



9\AVR16*LR



MB](+W2JW&LN4EX
;;]K#/
MA]7.[U@8$ONL/<J



4'J#'
KHM6E!D:V27B0U=5;2?A\20SF6I

M_6QZ^0L``/__`P!02P





O[]=


'7VBH<^#/M[:)]^';




MJFJIWIO[956]G.;56\FN14`JKCY9R
7==(&

MDHW;@



M`)(JBI86GZ@H3M
:[W;^TZ?*\+



M
Q42!B1

M&1VY2(;R=?V8@NU=M$AVYZPR3:Y+JLU:C!@-`WRRJ[;;*4XE@8L3'B8
3%



M9#Q3=[5

$-1HP2^=A`$XM8&+$Q

MP8B+$0\C/D:5D0VF1^7/&R.&513%9V)&NZ_@(W31`Q2A5Q-

MCX41&R
.1ER



M89_?HDG%)27Q(4\NQ=V4ER2GRT7%VP-=)HOHM]-AG^!]DN35!YY!?3WM^7\`
M``#__P





M_B76
MWQA?-AJZG4!)J]I]?;`5`D%!1HO3`Q3*5HP`'?4<3
94!#Z:I]K7NFFP%'J

M3T'AB@/EH`V6

M);E_?O0$;$@8'HT
!E80
N
'#O



M6DDFQQUPF












+0JU1=W@D.&NI$V
MZ]'99S74_:VZ!O3LU;7[]W_QA=A-E3=BV$I5C^IH




`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#E^*8[3@
``*X+



9W'W
M6A;HA7!!6;5T`M=W$*D2EM)JNW1^_WJ\F3I(2%REN&`563IO1#AWJ\^?%GO&
MGT5.B$3`4(FEDTM9SSU/)#DIL7!932K8R1@OL81'OO5$S0E.FZR\$:^/_9*
M3M'


K4T@\MT&72<-FFJK@W'0EVCLA_YHVJ9@(2#
MU15HMT^!!\)Z+UYK$+R^5=]#Q#:$(6YLBE/_A/-G3`6=M5B#;)M$/DY']$


MZ



MNWT7P!EC\OB@)KIVTE[]`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`$D9#R'P%``!C


BYX;6R465UOHS@4?5]I_P/B
M?0*&0)


R5.@@HX`MJT_WZON2[Q!S'PTA8XOAS?XWN/



M!N2.8$9\8JO#QR.M4\@HA)D%$8^4LAP(P$^GR/C2@(PD[^WO:W9HSALWC&?1


MF`K0#D%+U^E`H8K8]R#B#N(!P8XES%UG&8**_?G_9
D'J2S#J`O?3F2'D&6;
M9SZSO71#(0ID0G87\S!&Q==3
G\]C77HV@N01Z4!%[&T(A!T'&D^-@6'_2



U4@'1RP!!MHS9$`HY`NUJ/+L6/2BH

MU+`!$.SF&DG=`P3*FD4


_F



\$W!/&

:CY`Y!
;Z30?)1!\[;;$T(C2J9A&V#
MJ$0UK['[-?\_&P@.6TS$*QJ$:A_#BK!21X3H#4



[39AUB-


M^R[)6+#DI$EZL45Q=G9FEURMKA]$B^Z9TEQV.8Z#/645GRKL[QKY^W%W.



O-HR/%2-#EE[J3BNQ:\/T07Q)ZY':+
WK!J9):
D6[DX9/B

2@VM

UXW!KJ=@2'K



!I`

TSD#%B^PQB-H84


M_P/BO2$F0#Z4I&JRVGLKM5)5W=L^$W`2M(`C3#:[__Z./2SKC\BP+TG`Q^
S
M


M-
WEIJH
PNDT:JTJ'VTL&K&V&#'8Y'1!Y9=*UJW:*2A9=H?WXN+OS-6I6-
M

'(JR:%^E4=^KLM6W4\V:]%WR\D2K

Q

M`-P[4-X^%L*D[V57WK+J#X*D1[V1L#


C


E-7
MH\5[

&ULE%9;;YLP%'Z?M/]@^;V`22`7A53MJFZ5-FF:
M=GEVC`&K&/;:=I_OV.<$$C;*'V!&#Y_E^.#G=7ULZS1$]=&J;#)(@PX@U3
MN6C*#/_Y?7\UQ\A8VN2T5@W/\`LW^'K]^=-JI_2CJ3BW!@:D^'*VG89AH95








R@T;4_#/S`

$%``&
'6E'6JUV9YX)<1+4@-
.MU_



K;N615<LA!]P<)

M)D$_
GKG@_\M?F'W/ZKL^%=64L@VU$E4X
#8FX!^.XJO8+
SVOW:5.#ORCK2

6X0D
MC
PL#D;4(R3.MFN*W:WP#5P3WY-A`?)I@[91A'K_574D&C(/DJ6!HN4
&A
M/N];$H7+M?
.24U;T`Y!2]OJ09Z

BUB$D&7;837T51#@C0TYZB,C\T=ZFMAVB%DT1O*Q5*-



MH/



M([=5883$6A99BQB2BI8)K0I'*SRC_9OEDW=OHAO`K18C)-:RR%K$I!QH
9@*

M#N@HG%JX
P?&*N[W&TU!_Y;?\'``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`PE+C)


MRZ;3%U'Y(D\I/EIZ_[S]_/3TG7**LX/\47F

'&61Q16\

#'D\IHG@




?X[5+]
M)6^_B_1TKJ#=`3!8NO#)Q=E`A6%,!,_P$B)O$`\.ID*4H#*A)_U']OZ:$Z
M;]U9.`D6TQD#N/
I8P**$_KSO
M6!A.-]X[%#5I0'LK5RG`_DJ(FH16$&



MG&25#X%


450N:(T]+A9-D9%:
M-$4@TM0LT-L5L=:-T?%FR[M@FMS;8;NFT!M[N8_4%#FJPB$8?D$P^2Z=GI@5
#=\K]-==DKNON;;XS15S]+W*:99\+Y!F=:V


MO5$S3MX7A/HWNV[8KBDTT=YZ&*DILEYE781

#DU_8(=P(4?OPP
=':(KLU[9/64TZ\JT0;H2H


M='



MVI
-J^%)+I4@!I:J\'6C&





M5\:+TDU8PC(QK7,7N^9II!0L/&BV#I160$`?+!;6=`0LA+^WW@F2E3/$F\




V`]KL',/(;4K#O1!6\UJAB.5@&
MW@S:3KE+PRV,;-K!NY,&AGW[LX2[G<&PCP0YU*:T\*.PN[?POH?````__\#

O


+?$9;]76UAZN'3#!
M-8`IVYG




MW3XOAHLA67IZW*;4`S'LO3S9+?N_F0_1R.P/GQZK`?HG3=Z+J[][Q3Y[]_)T

M1Z)C#]N?=E)L:$3)S&`T%98VV8$:0/_WCJF8&C0B\8_J^9YNR_VR/YX-II8Q

MRMU-H
96_:!G6_G3_9C51JQK(Y_N![E6U11ZMDVYNQ^+NC(]V\J?[H=)TTBJ

R?GK



Z1CDN]C_VU&4-12


I?@L

7$C8D'$BXD/`@X4
B@$0(B;4D&OT-%JBC

MI%
6(S9&'(RX&/$PXF
N<*9KI;%




N1CR
^!@)
!+6B(S2
]K_

&[^?J1GZUW4=5966QM-G-M2Q1I

!+6;XB







0$Z'H/^/#KQIH$/;`R*

A*(`






M!*/?*SR\2T]&J'^QZ@Y&5J8XW&$&Q%5RT,SW*,9/M(4'6740(8,#=:436`
M&3D?YL;VD-;S
&P*HF0'61AJ$S[N;




M
C

KN2#O2:K6':X*QC6*
!60R
M\_9;3;5MJG$:?#






MU/\AQ%0H#
)5$!^R5[_G*QX'+`CGHSB8T2!0Y'W^]-@V[Q:L&KAG=\KE&F0/
M$/FL#/.X:/U(*FB40;[(*$
L4-%!?[X_L2CP'YWO4-102EB6U=($Z)[$S(
MLJX8O2%`PE?LH9:Z%E[T-7;_3@G*2^B27H!32]@5`BNT&$%!%3)&87A
CP
MJ`QS^A*&A3




$D=YC`X]SER)\?GO(B78.O:T#(U()90I@((H/!
MP!_K




VC(F$^VS2A#'`F!=&'_5`VM\H
M_V6CE:%I4AV^EF6J*&
O





G!0$\GW^XBC1S-AL:1R^E^UA_


9$&&
0C5(;UP\2N%L0S?D


M]'`H

$%``&``@`

3(R+GAM






MZPBBGL%N/U]^0]/VCS+4
A@BWPX-MC7]X3PWBP!RGCA'`].W3N*:/RU6#[
M=(@8CL/^)@HINF]PF**6TBW$-

E$C</Y2X
?+Q[G9EP]I'T1YQY#2+L$DPK55J`<U!N=[P*$YD2+=9&T781+A3(=0



[OB[





ME)E=CYLX%(;O5]K_@+B?!)OOT62J@M7=2EMIM=J/:X:06H($3=]M_O




MLS^R1^&&]O;YJ2_0OV7QWD[^MMIC_?Y;4^[_*








=GXQJI`*]O]MC7A`ERF?&QWVCFTKLF[2*===FC
*,C7^,B*,-4@/6V]!G1`
[B&(H$?




%I13\A
MI?J)P2]5VL1/51RUDPVC.-`

A.*'KK[T9VLO=0<'F/V?1SBP+N`4S]D`?*CK[OI!'K4.1^#/_P,`
M`/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`-^NZC:Q!0``5QT``!H```!X;]W;W)K<VAE
M971S+W-H965T

S/2:#2'





9`_A@HZ(&
E=2G

CP[6HL3<L[E+!0PD8)!R5<

)9L3R^HI

N




$1



M-=Q$?B[%SR=2FA_ICI[/A1)G[^S


M!UK5SQ

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

MFEMSHDH0Q]]/U?D.EN^K#'=22;96D8MHU:E3Y_)

M&F_Y*;AXVKDZ:!3XHQQMLUWZ=JC_+-ZC+'_=URW!3WB'7O8_O*S:@,CFXF



MB2

40OMS+-^ZF

)PW2/=T%9I?(9X?W+6/3RSPB0?/&)

MS/PJ-
RVYJJMG'4A0R7F78+I6V_Z'A6'0)YC@(KJ08:O-;L(^$%0U`.9
MEJ=ZBGL@QT%AN.R!=


MEN&@GJYE@GG





V;8WBT[FPJT5@#-
M
;P/)(;W347BX:DUI]'46L.WG@EH('[G).&3Q((D`I((22(BB9@DEB21D
2*
M)-9#A)+4?
[`,ID2`7ENTI?[?L;=)[A?#.!!S;;Q,H-1;X
M`HQ<X8?3GR^S=?,?U_8+-=#;.8WX-+*@D8!&0AJ):2FD26-)#2RHI'U(*+J
MS]=@9/WY`B?]A&=BZ49^X6:NAEY!9A?JXYH@O+3VX23VL3N4I`ML'W878+Q3


M46#
1NL2
[YX#I5CH+=S&O%I9$$C`8V$-!+12$PC2QI):&1%(^M!1*T)(-(]

R00WJ3R(^[65!(P&-A#02T4A
(TL:26AD12/K0435GR_KW)'_8A5(





`

M?T\EXMS)4I2;8*VK=1*5=7+LP-.8BU@9#N;W;_OV:$VP+[D@1S?#AG9O!





MY\W=%-/
OA)[.$M(]`T?*VI^#8F((*)`

G2





Q?KG&?X%$9CH/`?`1\;D[4(]H/Q?M?T/``#_
M_P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#I[3\7



WN2KO2:K4?9YJ0
M!$T($=#3


MIV&X;CVO+T]54_2;]EI=X



M'GZ

ZIEWH0
MZ?%A7\



#L8EB/V``=YZJ?OA2


M0'A!/9N\UN5

MA45B`%U)FWMG)48]3]@:Q^!YB$FP18Q8QA*AAHR02EJ0Y`81A)HX44RZ

3U?5`PA2(R+*+%*
2?WF1_J3!-:T&-
6NLJ33YDT=.%C/00HN@%

14W'UM
M'UNVV3]2Y6




/H4[O`K%($`S_3$I.]O75
M_8ZCYC]+M*!%3G$(+DP30-[
L8^5*F5N(L+9UV1CY=4%_2$+[%3.G`!X+XY6)Z=/1]8WFQ%-F[2QVT#]
M%`:3FPH6!M8RR@DB3L(TT@V+DK

M-^P1;6FHYZ\T1\Q5[!=AK







'5
?($.5]L
M)!.=.308CFQS9IG1R6H+:G@+E!([4+']K:F1)!HJB*'.3MKMJ@$*_/E!([






MO
]@8M?OPZ

R=ZVY;5Y;GOP\P[W`0





M?_AN]8?GL^'ZNIZN*E92'4]7X]5-=3+U*5AY=?_GL^?5O0???;/ZPW??Z!5_


$U?/NY\N=:7


3&UX[79]/QL/JQ60V6+4?.0)G9I
QV



1&Y)_[


5RKC]F=


!)P5S
MXOCMH9JT+E;:?O#E;'JYNZH7U[U3O9;1KO!*PC-;!O(9MSQP!!:
5V*CBPR*







;MF]S*Z:^TQ[%;R?EX3Y4?N]7M]81`\PDV+OG6:]BY_
MP
A5F`O)GODZA*F^/$Q?7IUM6]\S=WN(


OLNF.75HZ70VW=5\BYD+
`ZHL;9O))^C




MV2@?..OW@_5X4'V#/9C6/3:_&':T)CLP*X:^[/O-LL6FIPI1@O12^4AR9O
MWNQB6R0L#U7]6$]&U?D-H=M@&N!V4X12Q&RGBMG(=1]YS+8Q$DG!VW$(WC8^



MG



M*=!FF-FA`





6)HU4'/_(:
M_@[\BJ^8;!?BQA]P[4W=!SRA1=X+T-/'Y@OX/\V'IF!4X7NMIZFDU=';XX/



GZCI9`BMP#V6K+
75[N5B]I&<X7PQ
M&ZU)J$B

M8J`=_E!
MB-7WBT3GXF\2_(?U3DE.(6SIGW!6&K1SH&X:K!F*.^
.C%'`IBY






[L07


H7)@^7)(S8?'SFN281VNO.6%#4T81D8EEQ8TYIJ]


MFH2B1;6@E2

M4#/Y1.N'JQFMN9\_/7H:V'1?6T=+4



&#
T83*?KZW)5



'`C4R@DM

2)B'48T)19!0330KP@R)WZ?92=5E?

H*[/.85C))%:V[R!K.:!A.XJ:I#K

1GR1UGH!8C:[_P!@ODTZBO(7JE


)


MXS

%)('G60UP'B\J:RA%DV7CJ%.O8LV;IZ6VXD`XZX3=``=@B6(





M@?4*&9`\;3E.@Z8KKV?HD!B2^@I`]\R

-
M1?';G_R3J=G!WO[O_FFO.B

MUHT;*=
*9F_


L'
!86;U&MKS6W
M

M500U+-]28=RD


[49(EFQ



WGKBB/FLW:J931



72HL8GGS_%/)GHH&.

MG$J47-X[P*5+ZPU6^X:;.G21C48P'!CP^&B2(VH@%=I*(-X@A)


XN


9(!-Z:B)X5O2Y

GLM[D6H
MG0@!7%E
$7#%H1EZHW?P#`0I3I(-M9V(U.EI@R@].'O?EUN.&E!+J

^[2


1A!$
M@T-QK4@[(


(I

3;`^2^BA[^Z*_T

M95^XDIOBNQ6P=(0DWOBAH#WU_;#LQ\]VGG[[M+R]D0\5#EG]K5U.)%:.]]-5




;060


MGGQI;/EHBT%[U'FH+-@2DJY($HKF42TZT4!9CJ+WKEBH-[.$%FCHQO4S`P
MU%V2Z\?:T6)Y-9Y+.MRM@7:$)DI`&Q5I[3
#F]U7RD4Q*K)L8`GJ3ZD7Q#[H

M@FX*X&(G6PHSA;&YW?N;.@#



MKP0SP@/67QA5

!Z?2BK\4<4^-*(ENIA5R)45+3\;H%9:0GW]O2NP2)S1IP1L
M#3*1DIANN/^5:28X&^:Z/A_K''FN5!Y/;=.#OUI<4[CTJF.Z`GHK%IG3`AM

@+M





M#A24VG#8SHI[W9K-4;S%P/YQGQ81T!P0B%UIW!\8!S33TG0NZ6QTIA+-T3

M=L2E&$
P0&2C7^-2Y42GO!$I0



!*(<JPL'I3!D$&&$?3#,Q%G=
MS)Q9L88P`Z1=X3A'ROJ<-KQ`(83K9^
+_C(RM4)52!D4'5D2B3V
I%*':!L
MO+M-NC*8#-=NA+

J02K

MRR]UG$LQB3+;8JAA37N$U];G5QQ+X#==JF_9A?A$Z:^3G]6''W@F@BY9=!*
M@W_^E/(@/,6+SJE^2L:?=S)RG.3?AC(V=:@GIUJ(H1^$LC=BSU/TM-/2[E5


!)CI!KC@@GT@1!F



OIA#.&DJRPY<2
0



(PXP






M=TKM;PI3
:/U_$B@0%])I9)Q?6)Y]]'_/Y!

]B#+-/)
MH
EI4
]1K3.YBD

JUHS


M7')03Z\AU0S,.5D&WR8QB`!)26!1.E3GD\.'Y-G\8X]
JK6(`?HDR3GE=N


M!
(U
.;/A]
4D:9I-069Y




MW[!+V13XVS6:M:V_E0S-D][;_RYVGLUF0%P
-D31R+$22/XC4#MD@=QO8X



A.4+@LW^MMB(`E'


D

8L.%KY7V?.&0W
MQ,<*9-)!T^+2$RT$LO#BM*B_BFW(ZJ+W&I&T.*=`QU[]Z8FLZ-+WSO+M\I!







M2VMM9
MX+OB2\%F3QQ9Z(@0B@T!5B)7/3^!ME:M



S*UXXX82


RQHR'TN-44%1#%_:?D



7?Y[0#]UWMX=/U=KXVQ1)(\\Z4XG[C@KC,
M6MTO^I@RBTP^-_'))`_T4--B_'4AN]^9B/DMU.^CTIS`IV:T5$IZ;5-CS.%
M6@/\E].J
?]O3;6)W?!WHR#M\MNR








C5$9'8OH`6L/#':2^_*6\P'




M8%2BYDR

MH6WRT:)

Z&01*_-F?=&A]&/-1P%XH`V9Z2$`^-P./HB




T&K(4L!]


O96(










(%R_
0[


M?C:N


M000&$2Q?G7T&GH!7$O@DOQ2OIYW^]

B'QFEJ**RPPU$@ZC%V;J/\-2F8



M8:_6%WC3@DSFEZU9*8_@SOMD8K)A


M=CIC)0SG^.3%Y-S0
!^U-)IJ/1A$';.S_WSD?Q-1B&+$^N
A2C_\G7.V$:
MI)P\4.@45$


4HPMLUZVV

&Z7YT_2KGR;FM!E
265]K8FJ-]J9&75E$J?;V/
MO'0M=-'K*7F]B?(&E@5AR5-2T(^GV^+

9NK'K8H8H(8+TJ_86(2G?







F1GTC1


M.?O+/3DD4KQ/9Y;6G(1S`(.UH`F[MNZM6

M+^#86#`I(J254+SNT!R;AT@(^7'VD]-K=02'2GLR77?MI!&\_00I@Z+K:-(J
HH.?=W);_-97`:<@S5?

M220+!.@@\0+G#)5@LJ
N(Z3YG*Z-_!N?#3]TGL6GY49$^?-U]D^V7GX#%%S:

PU-8T!L@U
OTG]8_Y5(-V9?8^4





M7





G':




M(5`[^P:GPX^S?]_:)5\&?OD?XY?641X^9=!'.6L.4Y4]-'VP`4P(9VSTG50Z



M7\I*R6T_-=KT@22Z1(23PV::;W*J3+DN#RD(Y65'G!(H=7A:A+%)H1ZBJBMT




M



*4]#

VQTK.O+]PK'M@H$
M-U*M:J/W)+[



MYKD[

K;&CSW%





M:&\Z]68SXG:*E\9XR0''##2W
X

M15))/1O


MX0`X04*=X!AJ!?PQB!K




ZQ3&T/JFIV'(EU

MCEL=:\Z=B8(+D1XA6`&)KDS4^E#B&%'2A#)3:?MFH`YTH_Z]=)^-0J.=C)\@
7'B!TX8L\GA8*G#.B(]4%BP<\M\*/

M:G-5A
2HD;'0C#0H3;VZLECT'$P0U3RW+P\E$5Q93##1D)4%JY2`-[FMG940
M(Q7K]%W(X;;4.0W1=\PTM8*FAC7=%D%F
D=:R2D762P-V`/(%&TO\T*-N?F$


M%V$.)=*`4:@[A(M
LH[6.!W3RY]0G,+U






5.1STC_
M$Z#SOZ]XAX+&^-_XG6=0D7']O%O





M@H

#6=X+/$4V=I+DQ<Z[DJP=/I3S5+\_GH!TDFB4I[N
N^F?9_?G

Q7NZMTP=@A!)MS_[TR5\NUX%=_.
;/'K+=B[/HLZH3@4/@








M+I86F:
)GZ0CV*UZ:VVY::K%7XV0UXL\*0;.V&1]7!)XZZ4_5ZY4DJZRPKR_

M%S`F$P`A-XG'3LZ;#EB&#WK=

`!@%<V[Q'0,[,LL7Y5
M&S0]-[K%E`J0MAN''X;_`SD0NTL`$Z#KL-FWQ(0ILZL+ZE-C6MF:TMAH.


M.
#.$:Q[T=()%

@IX!O'$#-W2%9)4W0X


M
*RF8I@F!=[[C

MA7H8ZH!#Z35?M;PU
$
ZO


?H.KGE8










MUIN[

]KL;@

MC.X\8O*-DIAN&YSYU_/TBC*U3
EY!.M^C1V2.M@F`W;(
(QS##A0[-_!BMQ`






MFL#\

B)B(&:4F1\J^@@
MEVQ+=%7R(-[3/I?K393S?XZT/0]NR%'\*QO=HY_%*6D)-ZEV??+6\ML_@.


^8Z@4
0AG?$\&+86VOUG6CFP`VW#5:T
M7ZDYTO$UGZVY)GN0.\]=A.5J0AU2


80JE)39#-*_%V+\6KG


M61I4!72;.[#3#F[&T)./


M$%+P2XI:42E0G(H7&M&OJY$18^631DQK[I&6W?6WOC;6D#-4U]4GG87%EI
MZ'^NU;/;:]:F5H-L%!LYJ=

MOH(%=)C%XG]XO5.&LII_;I:#\GZ'G6GW
!%9HDFA6J$BY!G3D9^]P@PRBO
M:E_:7[L!SW-?X3=B:;.9=V_[V=UL1B`9@M\:ZBF!9(R8DK[:C=W#(H5S

MF+DHKG8I_VP#FL
E+KQ
MPJ4KP#LBYMQ<$HE3P9`Z`<I<M5/-P1`)N7_B4[25/&(\V&);BCU^_YR<Z[Q
M?-
;Y86[


^WO8S3'-LOQ'L6;
#HH;)S%D@BX7[T_)T`^V*[?&_H'J6J44QE80BR



2B@)KE




XA.0=)Z9.3AW:\K



M0]*&I-)DWS.8C&!)G4'DK+N`3!P8HV%_=B&'FA'@$'CI@XU4E@
;\]FN*ZT^
M


M]3R#Y^%-@T_`I0HCDAH?J]#;66/43?*V^/@U7$4ZH\^$#@KYR`6%B%^8E52/
M
TE+W(;:0VT'U8K\PFBKV@18\G&KXQR(X#AS-CK0F3&CDDJ$M17\'*M\I!
M7`5V&ZW9?R(O5UUQ(&!_5];6U6DR.75E-G\9V2$O)]



M5RK.(6



5]P
Z-/1T<7







M

M_V+;1/([@S


M[V




)$N20*%N5UDZB.U`



QL_W42R)(G9=/WNKNI[A+#.ZEP@$
.


1'@_V
M+MWGE[U3B4L,\`&\X]#2<L3D,M]B?SK`@)&0(9`-CT@PK&I*IW=0+1DUW$_

JJ:5_MF!;%1#$[Q\KHTHG9()'ZS./6`AD`


6*ZOS0GI8L()S!@^WMI






5JRV7M?.:4F8C6FU^UOJ;3)`^*42;-
M/SF@SQP*LO#%LZJDO2<S0&]S</!15'#Y$%37I=<NC&Z/AWY7<M5[P*/CE\
M8,/PEX,E(%K\]M3^HS]=$%.!-Q^X?QCGMXY1E%%JL?/WH4;NB?1`U0<A!&7



_07FW?#\+[YNA_TO=_^.%_
-\1T85G81

M:R\]!WEYU\T4L`.R7U`FPN[!!?%P;EV

S_]U
MB5%)I%PY$K'TZ-2UAY+26L`Z/!&6'*3*B.M1



%U
M..H2$=+%P*PT9)BXJCE]OY&)LTA@XW!;D@!T=W+*K9KD@@?%[6:E(C(9!9
&1QP\'





-S?4L-=GYX=RM)85R&7`!;3Y:L``\

S6'!X5


M!N^!WW37SV26=5;18P49(5QIA)?J':


M0Z*DY*2SQE_B3$BK$



M(3JU8PG





]2<.X@

M%'%V\WY/:TU/F7

M!9


DS9U4



OV7I=.6F\A0TF\!![(0=)WL^G$X(O:%T65
$'J



M-LD$72?TW#')L8P%(IG9)7*YZLGOA!#P:8OP-)9$5
C#84VWLXC%==U`R09H
M-^4[JV+C(L;*FII+4\NQD

(SK#31(LAH_KLAW'*^RQ
MB)ZF3*]5BCJUIM-89`]A*'87ABUPVQS?;&.7A

/=@5=



?WC


ZGE
MF1)7%8JHS7E[ES]1;K6`6+1D
W-/T/)$.$&WJ^M;^-+KI/1L]A*(:5[X1O2S

6:QR^2*#
M&LB/4
64C
HWT\GJEN;*SO]?!VIT#%/#([+L5BU[MA5M'B^EMJYU.@&%-#



M0G\76



M

E6FA#?C*RD#$MWQJ0-I)M@$LD-(+Y_PA









6-KN
MR4[]N*



@YGF39O]

M3^LM;G(L1P/45-[CL$Z1'





$++09EC9HE3;OD11


M:R2?H6^`++$0]


TB0'4X^LMN1?4@:
MJNEXH!-9C033RRK?[):?B*1O)Z2!+F:_PE*4%G@%GXN5^=6&#X-+D66KD96

E4`;+\TN
-7\'2'981)B`^O%=2Y
-[61H?WCO/M



E7N2+(.]-]
RW\/

:&_*=:;EN;CXM=X_Y6-CODYO\3++A/


MA_]\N+FO?[V83IQN7H__X]]L!/WL&TJ%_)E?NY9@Z.`)RZ76K06GO25/#OTC
&3BU7E



MCN=PE8]:8]






GNI/




M;_V(_VQE6VO8Z_XI*HKPD8V-:)GWNZVGFU/ZP((\VXZU0R5!XV'O5OR\.%A
M[U:ZY%?QL+OLI4L-L^-QNK)BY^E-..S5&^?8*HS@4R.97(44+62
B(DI0I8

)
M@S5PND?9R(1P96/QX__W=
U`4$C:]L^?-;-8PP
*GLIMU:)CQHCM9?OR83+!



GISYJ6



L`!\FG4FA6

^`?VE^Y_8N=&)&Z&R1[6MZ/8V
8F:?YV?7S^F:+H$'B=Y(X.


L-3(


R)S/YUQAC9MIEP*8L?G6+FHG

M]1ET






MY6B$F#S6GVHC_$J2MU?7=










XHQ!N3YXQJEX&[IPPTV8U*M8*83E8!ZVEL)L-Q0[_$.

N&H
M?72UQ:SO5LU[(ZU56O7:M3H516N\6`J.JD?;VJ$7@'3HS+G@GO9INL*^3M
UMT*!_:-YESTCCD2;$;VT!HR/[W^K(CI2=


R/GN:P-\X0;9?F/[=?6^O'6(YU
MBXEYMVNO:)W[_`LYN;WWB&L\WF]_#9#(.!P83S74Q+;;+O'$
P%+EFC;W0A8
M]$=K/_G90ZM^'TV$6=OO]+%'+RKT!=:&

M
?0-`[QTUAVWY\A%JA9HM_\DN54=Y)OS!HFT3R_=U\HS?]-A
TZP`CYK^^L[
MA[VX'%G1K8

M%5-I)Y)^IGG#R3E-A124G6!R7?K-

&_8E\\
(M-

CHD(O.8.
KL+29!0J5A1=&Q[
M\3IN8EG


*:B_
Z'=`<FK,9F3-SGPSL&+W3$8<<2B8W2H7C9XH=KD;OYK.


MPEYZSZ\8-(\R?_B

PMP7




M_OF.
2(WT0K=E9)
4Q*

NB_(-B7
MI]@(5

5-T;H55H$(X4LK#RD!E3JK.YB5JB^LSK\_.



)#_G;\AE3KOZ1





!


EL







3)SB([G%A\9)?IS-TC1[+-1@B:3N)Y&$IPS-

MH'GS'1[+]&UYN;QRA/'D`L

O?CA-

M*2
I/F(DQ?.JNKAR%\OCC?FA'_P9@
XMYB9Y?3.RTO.%/E7)'W[R&-]
LN'L




/^6



$WHS@H#(J196H

M/SL/?W@__-?;X.GVK8J5VC\E4FQ_-Y/)B+'][F80$S[E\!3^S-VW%27[:1I
MK*5UHD)F^U)!;ON7C.ON'ZPUY4?L`$*QJD@T2_3Z.;%^.RU?I]G0C_-D*\:




OWK
YIO-.`/=.+T










POK)H'G8
=#WI5M/=.KG/=6\5#5F*EPFJ`
MS^5-A
CF=_CIZ9[CO:J
M5M7G5V


[V4Q+EX`O9)D]F$7$I'
M/?
D


I\U_P

MZR7;(5)_-=VXFVXDRP2VQP!]A;R@



M67'FQ8QL:1=V%=4O.2ZBLTL*VFD`&N
^/)'`C=%FC)#UF@^HD=/H'5)88P7$







MOB?T

M1?!+B`'\SR4


M)&\:



)W^9.K


MV^N(NH1?BZP@U$A8R

A=X/MI5F&*Y:

MJRE;5C[VK6



E*`A&XOZF
M;.JJ^[VBZ3#&=1K5='@KS-S)K87)';^/!ND^U-$9YF!LTF<7J8=-=/C?N/#


M]G:2L7S'.X


3CD:*DNJ(E-Q*X3)#/9%!0&2+D8HD\K]YF6^J


M2[*YY/`JN/@DR@HZ8GR`K/OB%1H.
C8WHN`K%($5;$/;J-TS;Z)%F,!YPA
M-QY^E92@4[Z0E@QA]WHZ)@QP4,PT+VEJ9,.MN'HID'#6R4]^9]$OQEC;\B
M1RH1I[/+1NR2A7.

Q@

)X^*B%J96TJQ(L[BJ`0O]O(18\-)[E%\=`'RA;X(
;_:T51-B;C
MFU=4

MLMJ6`J&.
QLBWY`K9JL!<BOE[M%./O5'D'6RRLPM'J8?PWQ2
MGPB;Z*[,&;\4\ZV5*K6RI/9KC

KP\




@@N)=5[[BW_)^&8N0AG[P@V659E4R8!&


C=


M!EN;KD\L8DE_T6*9*ZAO`XJ2&L[JRW0/#KK%@+UC26RXVCZPCY)0WNDA^MNH

M*I5!T


5;245$9*)09?M)/D7\Z_9P#M$OQO=+BAP!_,7A3-;.%'6.8
MUOI#J=)44EB6IA0TQ+AI93S`I;XAZJS5!4I'=D34@6&HU\1-@'_:(Q;2V
F$_1_@FZX6-TMZY`24.DA22HW/L0-
MY$D\N=J8$\E$I3X\)BI*;MV]NT44`L.\6

%@J1B0@!W

MB.4I?%6\


WRG;;X'$A.[`SD`?YHR8%W



M6530!@\FH47


P-3;\VE525B
M+U'UYU
RKI3

EU




M


;E]WER

-'@O#!



MJ^497V7ZN&.75?@_T+NWIT]]:=N_=N;=]Y:)1@Z]9=_6OK`?^Z.M[H!`&_
#Z4AB?BQ]X'%;

11PY#Q?P:KD




;/VSHBU$&6#)TX/4\;DL;J2.V7-YT=IP-HF\9U4TDHK6[C7ZTLS=^YZ6O9
M<^5?WL7^/H?^G=(&YSJ$,P5D'R/SGFX-J]%MQL<!7/,[8?O(C3K%<')S&53






@DG)9CLLW.N!%J`*3[
MJ\[^^;\
+Y^

VB.L1TFV

MOM6!

T-/5VK=P7B=`*Z_AM5$'



O8;`[@*[
M;B;;HE:VQ_^[

MS


B%Q!4]+2IT(C-







MS@P

ME%B$]LQ3T7XYCM3#N&+;!UGN5'//)C65A?L7[[J+&X@/O:V=/(#\!](8


HC`,^K%!%W\;7/.T8!C[IXH;8%=V'<42?[C

92&KT2[:EI!/5\U#T=L0*




MLK2-Z/MP]F'
))-?Y_RJX`?1?IBGRZ9S%C!E\1L;QZE-$54T/V4E--ZR)(
M;98&EB:RZBDPPZ*JLPYI!U\)SZZ(WPIJ]BJ


1IXU&]D#G4;_NKO]:Y_Z![_:/B:5#








#



JO*@T

M:Y$JX`($%S&%0
JI4[`
64;09JL'U\7U3&4*E]!X\VJ^9
EW*1YV?HW76U8Z


MUJ\+5*[%7RY7)G

E1^7ZD+C?@N&IT

M]1Q?F7(X3J'CYQ=GA^IDE



0ND'4.$5


7I)![)E:+BJ;`:?;85=1
5BV$+3IVL2N0Y8Y\K(D






M_4L@@PU*YH.






MH$26:SSAGTIJN123

MG%&6





MEDSS:;XEI


MMQ71=ZF/);V;?CA2-.5M731E\C'U5I2]&:DLZ;=85&42W+/%$2KQ0DZCO_E
MX1GB-']]YH;G]N\1.L35[J`!OO5S![_U0=HQ3WB)T\`JQ/_0+;\X5RQ?A-*
M50`O%.VP


M/RUA7G
(JG['
&


M%A-HGUF/0Q^'666%R;[)+

M9K].+;OC&$

[)RCW37GU8'&JCGG4ZL4L2`F

M+;[VCH7+WGE8+H0;PP?ML;25C^PI9J^\)U&+E;WN(FAW-C:;R\?+?7?LQWMC
M/]X?^_%!\\=\95O-KUC9]V

M/*/C)ZC1_/+`ZDY;I++%.T^&1K_`7^3A-@'96FLH=I^.95DDG?(`3



[/





M799@JH35VM3P]'VZTE.J=/L+;?M)CBI-6FW.:_7B-
!4=DE9B$1XW*65RA



M3-N\A*1U#*9


MD^?GG



/R
I[2


DC!;C?$D))W3:\DV/3#?U\!
*
[IIJ$<;[8D:<BG6`**XOR)`Y2?#]?@;0'OE9-N`_6%[IQC



M
PZ)R]!+4#^DLM.WZE$8M6EK2R3;Z#1B&IGWUT9%5
;^T5'HS_IS9DJ'+I

BF-T+-N[9YL/!4@KQN^^[


M![@YW:5QS

MP279).067LZ\75&F8Z;O^PT2;O6Z3R2QK0J2:0%`LW*DBRMHB4_[5-V@+@)E


A]



M0]Z'!P0*D!WE+7P^EE20]^DHYXG(M1%)_CYUO8B$0/*+9C=A^@LP?2EX
=*P






\=QF\=P6P1;BLM`26HBID(KOG@!5KJ+31KY3%;25AV?*STTGGE*#

KZ5K[%(N=MWB4

7*




M/!TK_EJBWVQ^]-.UQSMWLERYH5V_

MK*]81VGR1FY9!27Y;LT6&*MEE0?QM-D$^L8QJA%DY2VW_K;AUXL][ZHBUU^Y
MIGBKCT
#%G
?V.8'W-+



M'EIO**O764(0%65XZ*U.]-A:[ZKQ
%I!42#@;

M+U0:=?P;-;DX'?PDK)\`E



M

M925X






%[+#3


?;2UUJ]



MMLUCBX*I1

R;1:GM\$9DTC1CA
MLY1CS7T(TQ4_
^HE!

M;/`=DIS

MZ6/T
%`



3(
&PO<W1Y
M;&5S+GAM;-Q=ZV[CQA7^7Z#O0&C3H@%JZVY;CNU@K37;`-MMD-VB!9*@H7*

Y*&
R



MV$&:6(MH$Z;7O7%UR

^KW[]Z-?C[
MEU]]_YV[_/&'W^U^]L.7O7ZIAL@$&S3+/!TTBH6/.9*'9UNRO__B?__Y[\GH
MQQ^L#&P!]63K

8TQB-T3`$



ZUBZ2CV[M8=6
M4Y5JSD^/I&B&2:$[URO'




^&B%;@^Y;J7








3M$6DT!O&F@P(995\^4-^3E?&.$
MD*0+&&I&(`TT

!69A@!PC$`@AA@:FG^'%(.A

B3QAI&I%$DQ
MF
J1M2E&IE(D@6`J0U)+F$J1%(.I'$E
82I%$@C`B)$
22UA*D52#*9R9&V*






;%LGB38M;J9B06U\`DB8FN$4N#=A?9L&#GFYL70`;




D23`<O/+RP+BUMXF`*%E?#Q.%0S$T
NVLC-B9J*S=DBK'N


2A/8&Y.TBLX8\(!P.

MEFI[E_6?
7UGAF[_D]T'#.[\19ZCP#Y%H;I/F!4Z`3ST:#3XC75BO5Z@9U2_


MWCK+
NNR#H/SC`R






MG)X!8-\'3:TL19KU_D:MD]$L@.SC



54&2KI3J2
:_UW99A3JMN7PKFRWO6W8
MQ

7R%O6N0K^KT-Y;7Z%7Y?+%U^5%*88JK1L2
MVVN;SCM:V7A/*&
#-6?DIC2]MX0-:-R'0;W.'#I)?A!+0GC4F0P
'%P@L%F#


S6KZ1$0;?785;30IV96\V(9HJBPRU769O8
MG
O!Y+EJ

\9BD/M)Z
Q
O91&\\!)0

ML;X!P?O20%V=%U+)A/BJZ*SR/:=O8U+:5\IH@8A.

ME7#C82J?H'K.6UM,^46YS3IBI=B!F?',4MG)9;G:)9)ENX*4BY#.:M(![H



M`MWD%//-J63YWFMSX)_N?&PR@U)N'38-36;_7
2\/5CLJG:]69[MO45%]
2B
MS:IG60'

MN-/-^9XPMI;L+/X^I['SYLQEY^3B11H[M;!C:SNVTM3@V9
ID.3[!C'&.^

$

.PEF
XQ.G$$Q:+Y)JS0AL2

#W.YG1
MI.:N+GKT.4^D4.*D`Z`+C=^YU6XH%IMTDY.

P%&(5X3^2/$63`Y[LU^J#/PAO92=Z#73
M?XK;KXR?+QK2/0=':&R=?L1

MBBJ#
=5TMY'BYD'5P#-52;$&R1J8T5D$\3$Z&J]?605Y2/*
+%M_Y7LP74%^


\U.(0C.)JUKVY



(8W+#N(PB(A=
O&XO_8P$F#961`+AN#B-B%L&PL;1ON
/6!4X:+@#<MD81,0NA&6#0+MJ^WGH4)W









5UC(S\XHN$$9^VDJG1\UYT[%:8U
MT@HK?HL&RW.:DH2EQXK44HMP4F()_D5!&W%1J]);YK




M8`#^6A552P

NVCR_J_

[+_71]O7




S%DT0R1ACV81?NV[]M
M':E)D^M(0V


MW25U^P\``/__`P!02P


(



=U;IRVCF%#'85#.R2
9\8`$O



S?)]
D-US=M(54@554_
6PE
^)W
M
@=VU.&WB1<=.<J+9L@ZF1/GQ+\*4!C!W#F`]XQU_868H8;?

$X+)WM27)&;.')\Y
]A9W#PUM?-(A62\72+L

KEZA2




RAP

54=0E=?[L=)


4__:
B)X:N#2;N18<X#FU5FW$X/DILP*A^G9$<OIV!:M

G.K'`T.P^C)3ZQQ;\])AILB\;!9-NU
MP9@QB=/9V3





M;Z



PEN)2&EYA@3@
MMU7D8FA`CR3?VK_O^;XY[6P_6*S6KL\`MUZRNGG.14C;2M_JIBS^0XC)4!C$


?26/YR:73%%(YB$@]I!=ZS5[H@0@N?V!28$GR1B
M$Z'(%09YK$HX)T-8Z?/#-+?D/01&J;/EFM7A?@8(AIC$Z$H6*L*1%\6&G-
:S5H*[
M<,FBQA$8UHJJ,!&*E@^[U<A&HU4W!:B=GF($-JT&F`#`C^D%D/`UP`Q`GJ9
MB@@&`^=^%6VKD0QB#Y&D`AQ.FC2Y0NB4QI*8HT28S]VCBHE6(R7$7R))#970
MDBB(M]2HC24R1XMPJ_NUH

:10R48C!._#
M[]Z(Z+HE0^@158CPROM+@@Y+2D*RB

DQ
'4&/ZD!W7&U


METM$GZC4

M`!B0V(NK0$BXZ\
:9:Q5Z+\ST




M:-Q[Z9$NCGRD]$_'F3V-Q$9$U0!/HO-AV@!]T6KR1;6DC%HPD`&)C5%4+1\R








B5`6LP+`16XMB/-RQP_



MH[]WHK!5CI

6)[8Y7\'43Q&14@PS
$[F=(G$:CX3B;



M2MF7@_M']1^ZQ1\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#J:UF.B04``+\9```:


M%3#BQ#:']Y0V.404S


WV


M1L-2VI_+R

8)$\*/E4DM.HJP/M$F*@.'L*+[#5)[N

O^3VOB;M?H*!4H&Y-Q2&J%J%RXZ$VN




&-E@C:&(2J3
M`2V?

1
M1R7T;15-=
2=)'1B\JK)R
]O\#
M``#__P

5-N.VC`4?*_4?[#\3IP0[B*L%BCM2JU45;T\


T6?0PF4WK?'X+?C-
M9V1R=?BL1?I5E!SAC:Y!JR5VCKH2^K^`C*Y8Z_J!GS7*.49W17VASI\X6*3

M`1RMN;$KX20Q8CMCE?SC0=%9RHMTSR(QN#^_[P;=43_J#_ZO0KRCNL`EM70V


M:&5E='



]VD46:




MZO+SFY*CN+BW1



XK8FA$S



#Z#!MWA/OF&^




MR62R._.

)BP[5K06FJ2E92I`/S\4#;^P5=DC=%7:OAR;IXQ5#5!LB[(0[XK4

0$Z1PL=^[QP%@XP;59Y`1[(

O8BH=]R

C/ZX:$[GSEO$)0LS

M$-RIAEB8JGW(ZO5\7$3*0UBD'V`!T14(1L17$#



_

#5J*T96XANJ
M+]:[JF?_1;4$8]4+

L6MXR]_M5
L)QS6
MW.?Q'.W+&)1+36A88S*T&L8$&7MOL6(YK1Y7+-&XK,?W.2S$J3'YY4+'=E)



AVFO;?[S-.&#8=:6_:8!Z_?M_/-O;F[KFN
MG?!65-C`+71PYI

G6DYPWG6J*R_T_;E78]H@
MK;#F;]%@14$SDK+L6)-&:A%.*BS!ORAI*RYJ=?86N1KSQV-[D[&Z!8D]K:A\

0
M0)7=X:2(T7VP3@


?.=.3@I\K.0/=OI
Z*&4
-T1)%+!UOE+2D0&%049-XR44L8J
M


@FE]7\;2C+F*)=YN.#LYL&I@3-%BM0:#-2BK9+?@2?OH
ML_XO*F14(O=*)48KY$!W`?/SM`T6X7SC/4%1LS.4C*'0)'870E50Z::#!@\,
M]ZZA%D/7K\_#Q9RE;F+:J(;0+MW.[.

M6`36V(F&8+KZ`(M^Z*YPNZM$.D48]F&8M]=:P3&VO3.8%8YA(-+?4ZF2]G



%V@M%&


M0'\[W?X%``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`!HH5(8P
``




*V15ECS6S18
C.%Y.I#[BS)T(^4B6)G/0H)*O^:*A-U(D$9Y$9N#\_
M#]Q@.??GX7453SMJ`R98XNV&LY,#;PW,*1JLWD%_#<HJ60CUT3ZZK/^+AF5

MM]?A8D[!RMQ%-=8W0+MS.[6
O$&$)I(
D:7?(8;9J6E6E7@*)1XWK09%;I
P(%#Q+8.[N&C`16B7=#Q/8_
M1AC^?=@\^P%NVU#;48

M^E0TSX9@D$13ER2+T'ZCH&%22SN:9`S1273/I%N*BO`#V9&R%$[*CJH?J.
MW=VN5WL(U%ELW8]5#]=V8=T#:*$:?#?,#_06C@ER4%RXBY@Q^2Z=
7DC5M

+'7M=_;OP```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`

Q


6)-N+*


2`H_5D559X`@^*']?Z&%/*UL/W2R/
1P*T]



$F!6^H2@\LOZ@##*YU8YM:Z`%E#3
M^S6*T&SIWD
E\B?01H


VJ;I56:9KV

MJ5PTY0K__'%S





X-*!I6NJ.(%D`LW



=A[*^

M



MP):6_([J4C0&U;R`U2:P@G288F&&ZM:_RIOE87EY_]6\*WCL&J2

3$S+GAM;)Q576^;


M!-=:]['KJKQF+56.Z%D'D5+(EFI8RLI5O62T&)+:QO4]+W1;RCML&6+Y'@Y1
/`RE&;1Y_
MJ3HAZ;X!WP]D0?
G[F%Q0=_R7`HE2NT`G6N%7GJ.W
@%INVFX.#`E!U)5B;X


MA#X

M7I)E^#:+:Q4-!C.JZ78CQ1%!T\`[54]-Y(8F(VS$.KSLC.P9')N3-*0F@%
MIW&_)2OB;=Q[J&%^`NTL*
)H!`531/H(IQLDO(FHP0%SR



M+)[#$]%PJ]XOVH#GHM?3@NXL)K2B?6_6INEYV%_[_C0[.P^35;08PQ/1X;^(
UJQ;U16O%.H

M971S+W-H965T



S\Y#ZYH+3?Y@4DD
-NM?2X


8






M#``QM0BHY.


M+-/=&4ZLN@8VN::JU]AE\B\FPL[[3J8L(AT=-^AG%38=2Q5QW)FO1$_TC;

M;__^V/\$``#__P


BQ??1/!MALEQT




&P8)!4P0CQV)J1H






)6+ILSPC^^;
MW@0C8VF3TUHU/


MK3FS278/G:1ZMV][3


G
M+?(OHN$0-I3)%6KU,Y!GW+W@Z3F]

.
MU+]&K




30
M489T3DBQ3R#!.#3R5,\&M1Z%E]7])$GG9N$

-=-.I

M%)8MV('N:J\)W'NIG.CL^)NVEM;X%9IQ@C9S(?K7+R%YV[7+6E/4O@6@QS


M62L1
0JU$QY$@QAY#U2
6-

M(_/K*Y``#KCQ%JDCPQH$)E/T3X5:31T4(4B_I10X6F'QT5V:6^FHRC8Q%`

M@0;SH#2%%E&D`])$%U-J[HN3PH)D4#Q:#_;0HHIXO_;Z/6'.M0XI8:C?2&N3
M



ML#W1(G$^Q


M?[K_]OS]^.'Z7\?7Z[]__










ULD9'[UZ_'U+7LTDM=7#[^_





M$X(V!)T'5#!II?P5P30RM/&KR;K5T;NS-@EMF_V
#N;SOC?I(PPD!9(!R8$4



:F
$T
M7`:;J+.2A@=$*:(

M^



:(A(%=U\
VQX-\/OE$)[DR

_1]'@6ZL5+8!^
MYB^6:WT_3$U]QZP/MT=EB')$!:(2486H1M0@:A%UC,[-?'.HN#*]@RBHFS1

9HES0ME\-A2#7L$14(:H%.:U&


M0LV=5S*
A32
[FMEX
)\NULN@DNN1GJ0HTN--(PZD(;N#CER!6P7;5B=*0

MPQ)1A0UK1`TV;!%UJJ$.-5VV6HPC^YLQ#_8WBX*T
4@P]B:\XVFC6+E\*464

M-K+52-K(5F-[&_

M1C7)@QH]:*3AR
ZF8I`L-MM9
+$[$1J*@9X'YF#OSX-P8YM4&S(OJ86+T**1
MG)$;CIS=V



MK-3`C@RG
['<3<@]KM73++N6&2[H+])O:8AG(9V(5G2RY

@:\V#GLDBE'N%SE?W&HTM
FOE

Q(+:]J


E+/'JQWBTTP


6






75=?!\:*31D.]Z;&D




ME6!_M$@]6



MJ8$T0%H@G4]TR&A?55



MP-(KQ




L!.3(:?T=#$GSPNF

3E4;&ZP



MV@[DBQYG?U1!F@WM/+;\/


7TBHZAC5;C25&
M$(
V].#

W
MX?;.3
)\0)0BRA#EB`I$):(*48VH0=0BZA32
35G_PMB:DL%?LUK;1'E_!*L
-0/[TN3GJOL0(@R'MZ%!D8S^PE:D4]6<W_+5<


MX`FZ


ARA$5B$I$%:(:48.H1=0Q.K

K)EX@J1+6@J'PC5DZ^1=0II*;\QIQ7IT_Y

)WE0B)9[



K*(S+9_D1.&TQ(E2
M4-2)2JRB3M23G&A$R]\&.#AV&UALPQ]2Z:3-4/]Z0EQ6QS#_
9DFVP=L#F2A%



MBS[_%


M+O*0(!]8RSOYI(@R1IY\[E!$ODM$E'EM-SGN)]@UHMHD[)ZP&YK+RTQ?(2

ME:YYD)GLM]9L[+#


=]N-\$#PTR$HL'+
M)SE5B!;=POIQQE19.T6_[Y^$92[1B?I43_*I$:VH3ZWV*:%O;L._O90T[I
MR6*J`M-7[LX6$?R5RVBDRL56(PN7K?PJER![

M.^F!K?Q:%Z+

1^0:U6D2=TR)Y'7AS\/;WWI];







MVAR6N]N4?@[UC!I]4I[]A'YR];8]^PG]ANFM^2505*/O+E(
SGJPWMZ:[\YA





GXOL


-N@$RKP6)9/:/IMCQ`
=HS1
M

@IL1#R
MSQ``_&L5

QA


$4OWYGH$\#X4D#Y\
&@EO&%YYMJ#`S0SXYI9'P
E`I`.Q!@<(`UU#A-8D?UKJ54!\&J4928
MJC%NN(T+<@NY9JK)5I@('@82&4@L(PH56!@Z%=P6/IAEZ`7R=;%;:89&=TC



A`8AE1XG-!V^$!
FLU0H+\+D(#
MV1E(9QC*@18AF3$N+^%+J\Z


M(*\UN5OL:G#



M5I36\^E8E[2UN)4LRDX%+:XBJ3XQ/\HK
.YMC*3^@GG19H:W+HK4`NHF2\XU

MR%&
28CWK!\]5N(0K?$A2--#*]S;SJJEL#.AR(3P3IHU$_QVF5WD\3MF?E=9

./#&W:N,]X$
M[4VY]@:NT!_8XM#P#5RMLY*HXQXXZHL*@NJ+Z<$'_^R*7G<$L?:&I'VVD\7

QVS!=Q

W?=[@

M7C[_53Y]_.77K^CO

G@PSF+_ZY]/+U_RC<?GZU8<_7[X^?[JS1IDI
M5.-DY)S@WX23EH3(8I\[_DTD[)C[Q#G!O\[)8/1FFIW

M]&8V'H\FLR
)

M
]=
T

!&7^Z%?7@0C*_.&23MYD
MHY-C?3
0-9D_7
*N-1V(G

0V\F`;S;L/.Z'0O8O.'

2:0;K)6G&[*IZ








MPD5G-M%1;1



Y#?HC]8]58&(%H0J.+
$VM!!U
2?*3,Q^PT\:FF&I;


.VB
:

MTFRBPCJ+?3Y(Z%]$6C):

M`U]X*S_;-`D%K=@J9U0P*AE5C&I&:T8;1EM&.T9GC

/)XW?`/=\[]$$H/1$9)%:OU3@9^$2PDKDLV2T


O)ZG*^CKS8X:VD
M-CFC@E')J&)4.Y125[]8SI!C.0[%UZM3-7P6SLI



B`]'2BBU6(4YAB
E;F58]5&O

M5L?4:ZTB]5H$286MK()ON7

MYX?RBAL\/*\=GSRP
:66M0@7;E+HA;


M(VI9B^+]T%P5:F$./QUF3&N%I4\:8.42RHPYTK-%+@:M?5;X_
5S*0E]9I4@











25U4?\K_IB#'A
ML[^@X);4H[;MJ[


XK;5)_PCLN63_



M]'EM=5[Z$YL[27


UHPVC+:.=0RGEF\-VCU:V
M9_

MC2#O:\MH%Z%(RS
=(&A?#_?FL98=
J]]-)+DKQN1A.%&CB=V9X6#A??%;R9*
MCO9':#+^!A)Q$Q:)

M'+$3-X?RCQ70+QPQXZMSA\RKZH$U%9^X:R.C#-G%88C''+''_Y2%$G2*JW



M+N&QT6E]A:N@)/0+4

PX




UHPPFWC'91PKA)S6$W;-)O&RK&BVIIB^(+



M0A(W&;:PK?NE3C_L

U


.5RZA?DF?5HT%X-6(16=\B_%E\^_

M;9)L&V[1+L+



M%#$HBA@410R*(@9%$8.BB$%1Q*`H8E`4

MQ*`H8E`4



LCL3






2B*&!1%#(HB!D41

M0PSR(0;Y$(-\B$$^(5/RZ7D
SA+'8




M

M+(MGI8:E2R%5M&;QK$0

F9F&3[:X

MC)F2#Q0:#8QC\C'V6CZ.87YJQ#X?TGYFV)C)Q@V*(@9%$8.BB$%1Q*`H8E`4
M


MB$%1Q*HDE%F1-.'T79$U&L*

M(2.&T!%#(DAE,004F((+3&$F!A30PA)X;0$T


4@88I`PQ!AB$'$(.$(08)0PP2AA@D##%(&&*0

0@88A!PA#A$&

M'*'#RAP;)/;('5?L7B0,,0@88A!PA#A$&4

$H88)`PQ2!ABD##$(&&(

M1@QJ(P:U$8/:B$%MQ*`V8E`;
:B-&-1&#&HC!K41@]J(06W$H#9B4!LQJ(T8
MU!8RI39
/CQ]AO1.C/)^^&X?EOXQ

M(A7(Q]H%#)
5


\B$&^1#
M?(A!/L0@'V*0#S'(AQCD0PSR(0;Y$(-\B$$^(5/R,;&('MO$D8U=Q,N?97X1
MAGHT@G@T@G8T@G0T@G(T@G`T@FXT@FPT@FHT@F@T@F8T@F0T@F(T@F`I-K9
M'
[[M+

MN;9[0\=9


BEO8]5;D%$7;Y!6TIM_`T;)S414^LC-16`BN4E4QO]N'`:V

QZ('\H?
M


M`S
E
?00
?00^4
/61:4#SU$=N@ALD






\B$&^1#?(A!/L0@'V*0#S'(AQCD0PSR(0;Y$(-\
MB$$^Q`?8I`/

\*2/?&RP)9:/
M93XH`?5H!/%H!.UH!.EH!.5H!.%H!-UH!-EH!-5H!-%H!
UH!
EH!
5H!
%H
M!+UH!+EH!+5H!+%H!*UH!*EH!*5H!*%H!)UH!)D$2*G$Q'7ZJ
3&@6*54+P(
M
FF87SQ3YS5GAJ76[^M'ZM@!.35FLN)!3TT.PBHAGEWEM$UKCS9O.1W[7N






J

)8?01PU`CAJ%&
M#..+&`83

6B5&(1)#%(D!MT1@\B(
M84D@!D6%3
G'A+K[R


M4!0Q*(H8%$4

M8E`4

MB$%MQ*`V8E`;
:B-&-1&#&HC!K41@]J(06W$H#9B4!LQJ(T8U$8
:B
&M1&#
?GK[\\K1X^OWW
MEU<?GO\T'UDQWP(4\%=?GG[^_O4[J/9T+UW,/TV:YMG8/-L?U^C9:(AG.+D
MTHW-
QL2HW1CX]

?EA0D\]&YKZX=LADL]
M6?`1_^2SJ7FVWR10689S\VS_5AH]&V5X9K][C9^9.N!S1ZG\
O

89OD
U
_

9QZ-C3YX9N6DL]
?OB.EL2S.:J.G_9
/
%/-B(5


\_S)*2;VU#/

3G]
CPF4(E&&
M=]!NTAZZ3:GVQ]'ICP=F5



MRB=V6=XEJP#[G9FI]A:':A?AOKAE3HNZJ6F?JEGD$OV2G^DWJ&RYH
(R;Y








M:LD2\_#WK\.^\2

MC\EC\W=R;O[]].]_/?Q


M-R'J/PM$RBW0]K(




B1ZIWAPKHI+&4C92$4AES
.'`XV#*P8P#GX
Y!P$'

MF26)DW7G!+#7$;4ED)H8(J

@:2%PF1M9H03:R

Z2HSIU*`FM;*5T]=@
*H24VAC(!(@'9`ID!L0'

M@:R`1$#60.(R
7)!P]G(A=@KV+T[DK]QMR`


44%T^;$';;/\C*40+56E&L4V8Y-2-4HK[MR!3(K-`JFW9
:EE?JF0-K]%FDR]`:4:Q09LM
HGB+Q1.%.W&F=GG;;;\-






MQ3`'F#@XN6'AS
]9C*V./'HI;W4*I'L&VCP6Q_@TN'K977RVT9T@\B3*K_LS
MJ2FB&2KZB.:H&`*47&!:(F**T01*JX1Q8:BF1YQO%).3[:W#S_\T
:(VLY
M




^EC
D.R-.V5`ZFB&82E6SYB.:H


MG*:(9JCH(YJC8H`H1
4%HB4JKA!%J+A&%!N*9MHH(T;:ZHN_+
M)*5*:(QH@LA#-$4T0^0CFB
*$(6(%HB6B%:((D1K1+&!S%SP`\9L6^=DKW6?


.RZ]/



M:E^'\?[S[Q@`_O?5IX].&PC)NW__]+J#CC_^\NTW_*W_U!L\=UHP?_77#U^_
T_==F\PO%YP34-

;U@_.FRYB7NIA6;NUJF$E<E[^V[GYZ36A@7K*];B?_[<?GGY



B<]6UNNXZPESM]X9YTMYZ&[=<!Z-!;C(*)B&Q19$*B)3(C



MH[KL!Y.0?2(3(A61*9$9D3F1!9$ED161-9$-D2V1'9$]D0.1(Y$3D3.12TJR

9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:
-HRVC':
]HP.C(Z



`N!HPS7(AFRCS0SI]R9@M
!YU\P*^

MY=FWB]K(/;Z].YW'8H5W1)(P#
RIR:21KTI]]:]*PFL_O6R.M29_N;%6N.UB


B$R(5D2F1&9$YD061)9$5D361

]]J00CK[
MF8I5TM]
&V(#'1IVNI1[/X3^LZ\
^T\OQF*A?FH'L.0!K!3%!6_-:
-HJR@&




KX`Z1T'R;(S'6S)([$


M1A4WG#*:
9HS6C!:
EHQ6C/:
-HRVC':
SID*


MUI=4'=?09
6C_#[\8LYN1M(PNP]+PWA?G(B5E-*MUG.[U[*;X$J-L**$:4P;
MHBEW.-.&];6T6




%[].N\:7XE@YMY&V]1VMN7.=MJP]M+W:N47


M??]^U5_

A^8(!V8F8VC
M^
_IP&+9E`\
4R\;V)W1.'
S&H^PNNO]8-0E-&8T850QFC*:
9HS6C!:
EHQ
M6C/:
-HRVC':
SHP.C(Z





CH%!O&R^X/S(LIYVBEEWW)?.6I+AW4/+XQHD.;D3O9

-MQPRVC'




O6FC7FI'M&TTHIWZBA'9*]+7L-J=OMF-'=2D
M=@3'1B
XJ:_:F)S%2M+T\F0?'E[4S:TAY1/#G90VO^7U_
%JNGD2Y`J)D
G!


_451S`7)$L.

M81=\;8@_PKVAL!T27W&*3Z2AKOIMK+@OYN9?B8W;X]]V/FTTA)GZBD.8*_*K
MS



M^40:RBK3[N)M6WK?5FSNK?LR]MHAS-17'





I%+6Z-*9L7F%^/
MW`JNYOFM0%#Z@C*C
:
)HXK1E-&

^22%Z+3M;]C-(E6,3KD:RI6_B+]?2PVC.X[]EAL'JW4
M_2+SE0?LL=-OO.=)D?$(9^[:W4BL$C16!.,0F4'+G&E-HI7ZJAA-&<T8S1DM
M%!5TXPX)FQ?*?3E3C_\O1647/.(T5A1'@:S]YE$JQ@&WR

YH
UVL;9^/2D/4CGJI8T'N@W5AQMN<2)6N#6Z
M35L7OV9O]M'J!@M

MGK9=ISW*ZQ;[W14C;1C7K+&@Y&1H(@@[3!?;=M\^::VTS:V]IS^9XLYFL:&F

[T13:JE4O%*3Y.(U$AOUO54F7FD82]R)
M6


I2G&FOH([/:F9M9

M7M+:.[]@[)X?65:=N5E6/3+UA2D

MM!6Z:'#!KOIZH!#PQ5IZV#20^BTK3SOV;$6L[F58?*49]L@]=@A7
[!/Y2H=



MA%'%:
IHQFC.:
%HR6C%:
UHPVC+:
=HS^C`Z
CHQ.C
Z)*A/*]V:^D4W^@K
M

T'YK9F=G5I-C#9U5G]T./=&T0PC_
M'`?63SY:EP_
[832@=5OQH=^XY0M;QZEW\TI5@D:
C5/+^!\J/<CIFGS2*5GJ/
M&C.:
*H831G-&
T9+1@M&:T8K1EM&&T9[1CM&1T8'1F=&)T973*4I]KNPNNG
M\`MOMP4EYS8C1F-&$T85HRFC&:
YHP6C):
5HS6C#:
MHQVC/:
#HR.C$Z
S

B%2$9D2F1&9$UFD)+]4MYM/[T)V\]WH.RQ?

MU406



*D93

M(.R!_4&?4;2*J19?R5=)LE7%:
IHQFC.:
%HR6C%:
UHPVC+:
=HS^C`Z
CH
MQ.C

MMP\S$K
@A0*;%%A58-

M!J8)8%*W9E`V3JZOG)H/7/YK,S4S_8\7LU00.O($3O+OU6HL#\.Q#M=@_?

M#RMS7\H0KKD_Y-V:-(TG/@@SU[_*]-



MD39-%#96ENE:W


I+'UGJL4



M0XD

M)@&0:6TFKW)UW*GW;;($9;H'/;VR4




M]TQ?.#/S$Q((_QYG^J`7W_4U(W-[^G1D]T;D:X!\1

MBR%FT;909O$H$UBT8Q:)
8M$D
VB0&;1*#-HE!F\2@36+0)C%HDQBT20S:
M)`9M$H
VB4&;*3


B`&!1#`HA!

B$$!Q*``8E``,2B`&!1`#`H@!@6DSC`
M54:/*

B`&!1#`HA!


MGJ#

8Q$$

MA%1;A$Q;A$1;A#Q;A#1;AQ;A1;A!Q;A!1;A`Q;A`1;A/Q:A/0FR&3#E4&/
M9
.737DVI)1*BYI.8'%)+A1P:I9NV`;V5\V1-O$6$XZ\A1YTRB-Q@=7TBF0&
M=]&
?L450YFV@,R''I0AA0'%MW1M2+MP5TTHUXAA6F/4`+H0=E$$-@T1WU


YO7<O]N<^33V+*O@Z4?A
;.]F2LZ
M0@%'RQ52+=[BJU=8_87).[@M]U\^-9%ZL8&.;[N'&IJ

MU6004!0-`NN+L/`&LOU]!2BHR2@H:#@(+$6RB2(+H!^+()\F_B$?VQ+J



8QI)ZFPP$


M!J6BP/J9C6#X9

<B3&.1)#/(D!GD2@SR)09[$($]BD<QR)
8Y$D


MS!)Q$(

Z2:&=!-#

:2;&-)-#.E.69YN
M'&4_E.ZKO=ES
3WKSZ
FI%LSCAF4T*=E6!30ML5F#S`EL4V++`5@6V+K!-
M@6T+;%=@^P([%-BQP$X%=BZP2\Z
`MS1U0





M2HEATH,6U!BV((2PQ:4&+:@Q+`%)88M*#%L08EATH
6U!BV((2PQ:4V+G`



MQ*``8E``
2B`&!1`#`H@!@40@P*(00'$H`!B4``Q*(`8%$`
B`&!1#`HA!


MB$$!PN)A+=)-#.FFMD@W



MG8'=Z(SP.TW0)MX3K$WG6

MJ9LKBVO

#-Z2!/YK*-JOS/IFQHQN[N^^![R]468







.U4V



M#MB*=.BT6+3&56+%HET0)V_\[R_BSC4QX
XU

4JK0-[LS9DD1;7@+
MM_+ZK^#CS87(G#=M%[

M@VBNK1M$









MW


GN$RAXALD=H[!$2

ME:-3K;PP=*ILYH!(5ZO+!W138H2L.4KE%DKASDA;3'7KDT[4R+OUZQQ+H'

831Z,)H
M],P./NX;_?S(-?$AO[OT9]8UNK*KH;NA0?W0
=UDVUJX:EH8;=!OKN`W0?L
&(7!M_7@\+DZ1L-2S_P!F6R16]%I;KIW[#8&%PY&T:,D7/
MK+M3M1O=L(UW<M'7`LNSC5+;M,+'**DH+P&T:\+)B:L;B^0,7`5JZT4661,

NB[ST
M0Y5/K!\U1C=#0/F4;;X+
([GVMI;/X7E^PKGHWO!#M+G4OR9E7Y-#$@O
2!]

)UM5/^?@3QB#4]]6[4=
MBNPM)7YIGIGK]RXPU
]%7PNL]/N4K7MY?SEZO?;4S=*(WXNM-3OUX2`^!(

_%HOR8$M%\3`MI+&C?A7!V,FW^'IJ.CK\0@I/>5O#'2)]6_-U\
MV-ZK8G:81DAT%D:7%L9@+@P=A7$]%X9PE!(&*((0P%A-+

PK#GL*PIS#L
MV3)G3UNX'^.`O-#O')`9R]%ZZ=OIHU+G-5OC`&$,4,)P@#`<(`P'






PA#'


(P
MAS#


PA#'
(PQS,$?+.G.,]JZ]SASS%XB4O]]'*JQWP.B_
M?=9DJPX(V'7`;@)V&[[@-T'[%@[P+V&+G@#T'['W`7@+V(6`?`_8I8)\#







PVJ$HIYZSM:K/


]L[P[N#W;NMHY[9SEM89UBMMT






M4\JV\(QRJ:UY'AD):M$21H(0P1AJ`

RC8=
MT
T*T*GF*)6C4ZV\



MVYBQHORIE@BN;SE;=[NAL/28X)F\([O4;3]5_7K=F&1-)@DG]T-X
C$LMW

2`^GT
O*BECP'Q%V)PXOO-@R7Q@QV#
M
3&[%-:6WV_\@VOCE*T
LXS:M6AAUP'C(BCY4%(8L@E#-F$()0Q5A&!,00
M1J
%
M(;<PY!:&W,*06QART-N8<@M#+F%(;<PY!:&W








N5OFY+8MDV/DSELL




M&C\7?2VP_%A9SL9N36D=3)N*GC!LUR/HFSYKMC80D9?VKX&4(]#^^0C346GL

M+E%REZCM3WO_Q7L


MM_7#

)&)NJ&9-K+])-&AOJMD::PC#&L*PACL(0QK,,:PK&
*PA#&L(PQK
ML(8PK$
:PC#&L*PACL(0QK






*1N*-OT@
[I#;?.H']2B4[:9%K'9

MBZR\:7&HQTTV




MDED9#I!\.$`8#A&`X3A`&$X0!@.$(8#A.$`83A`&`X0A@.$X0!A.$`8#A&
M`X3A`&$XH&7.`3;%/
F'W



M&((0P5AR`

1:H[2Y
A0*R\

584@@C-XCC$9/+.P]M@IL&]U&LE7O

M$88BPE`D


M2S(V_@EW1
\5S8:%#]:$A0_6A(4U^K!V_FEDC+(05N^=G=^Y6/#.(;];WV?6
M=6O]51T4PZ:





HV


MY2N;Z2P8*&7K;EDIH\O7ZDI_I
M7-G
(?'H

\#]A*P#P'[&+!/`?L<L\!^]HSUT-M6^88
M!^1MG

MA2&W
(;)':.P1$C?(M:#M?+0=YCN7,6D#I5_&9-9N'.\JF[D6
MT-HIV])MERE;&821H!8M#`V$(8(P5!&#
+001A$
)84B16+1QO/?[2M^G

IE=KU

#02AB#[@.&!)(/80A@3`:71B-GEC8Z+8D

XCI@-+KDH]'7'`(=
MI@Z$






M]
S297RW]0]+(7?.

SMW^









MMV^_7?WPVP]__

_OOWRX[?+;W__^Z^_^_//__M/KHXCKUQM^.]^^?:7__H]
M#WV?7?!$PZ%?US(U;6=IAZF4I)V?D$8W07E-.[6TPW


L-^*S(?;9
-KQ^




M2D%H'EL-4O9(PI9[E




M/*$ZB!-J@S2A

M8Y3&;N&&.L
TZAPL+6JU/PT7?PH5

QLFOP6PN^(C2^'$=<T8QL^^;[XB,KQ\R^;
MSZB-'X&QIP37HU(&RPM.@?21DN+ZN0G8S87?$1I5R-7AVL^@G._L[3[..W1

7SL'NWCR$<3Y

M[BSM/DY[M#3JC




M=F-I?$1IMY;&1Y1V9VGW?`1M1MK6TJ)S(.W$TJ(Z'ZQ./J*TNV%C=6[B.C=6



[9'8GL+8'HGM*3S.

M[8[8[L/8[HCM/HSMCMCNP^




V[`


)^`@8;$BK)7P/X?*BM


1:QW4

RMW+ZPF&VX




8
A5(]*XF!&?
MD81D)&(D9B1A)&4D8R1G)&B30QOPW3P)[PMU,#T`FM(X\B.R4%)V=S=B#3N
M9L1G)&`D91B)&8D821E)&


M:=.)DGAS'76

MNXR1-2
^(P$C(2
1(S$C2,I(QDC.2-%FY@N$_OW=J;*0NA&U.2GU]WV^[*



M#;(\R%HX%4;`@_UTXUMG[!'?^5H



M#*E
+]6^:J=)P$C82W?$VL6
)(RDO71GK%W.2-$FYAB($J4]!F*YGMZ*
_^N



M)%3$/B]$K%W
2
)(VDMWQMKEC!1M8HX!N.Z:




MT


)2IW+



MSFO&0(B3^5
B
V''


M4S$BJ.!;

=05^2Y/K8PE5R*:[\0UJXEJ

M.1]

S#B

ME*$NJTDY
XG



MI(QYQ%[\3X4XB1N)9KH862FI%EISY'




.
MK_PNQ(NS7=]
%N*54_X-O#RZ$.^'\F_@34_0UO4-O#H)WW1Y!&YO?^UJL81;
CX.W\AD&<ER_


M:&5E='





C$3@'/M1L\U+]VETB;=2Q``8;=43P)R9:N[NF



M1Q&;-1^,)D'WI2N[/CVCP*A1.=-!&YG^M$ZVA+(A?@\]!IDNQH*X=D.5



EXA.D


Z?U]/

V&DT:Q.?0BZ2^P9[X3R6IACQFQP-1+X?P,_:+'O-T15W/:H4

M;0__C.U8OQ/BNM6TA=:F7FK?^G7;J#]!,&8HCIO03!$5/GNKWM]ST[*-@?


M``#__P

@[E8[*J]Y=#NZ!4U?/CVMX0K4
MM%]M5\^?K[\&X[K?O;[]\NDP0?]9KW[M6K]?[5XVO^+M^BE?OZ]@MB%.*@+?
M-IL?2C1]4@@&WXK1T2$B^W5T^IY^?-U7V]^):OU]Y<]A'L`5Z0N;/STUW2U


6?O[]F0@@


M=W&*!YABZI?++P5S*Z#D^CN7@ND54'YY7\JM7OF'0C)=[I=?/FTWOZZ@.D.$





MC4@3%4%02)!8D$205)!9H)D@N2%(+

M%(+
U`Y&G^TDC503
M#$%02)!8D$205)!9H)D@N2%(+

/%*VIYX
M3?HT[QQ


M2'E#?VDD]9TH''IQ6A]4+T@%MQW)!E&
CD122]W!CW8D[W@D&S$T&4F3
2%2




M;V^60Q%6
P[BY@JK404W)HU4K\_*6&@
#D:''+KK#+M]=FL1H4_..
1&2DU.
M8T[D6H*ZG$ZES*E@
.+U9(:*G$YE7D[EJ
OI5

.2IR.E624U@*

M_4A2/3((S4!X[GJH;\%PT&=+(4(19];%7AXDJ(L\2!$9#[K]+J^Q

W/4'K,\\1Q&G!R5Y0%DGIKQ7<9<;]CML(-)C2*GS-DI!AE]


HI\PS*Z**.8F@&FOK7[8U&;%%'1J)_:DD=
M5

MDCR@#!
37MGF@M&@S_34)\Q1R.T


MCCAP+

RC#54ND.;J!ZGKG-4@-9-=.(




M`M
9;!_)X/)839\8L7.WAEI9E_2'.)!0)%&
[^=)HE*$6Z4HEF$F6(G.IS


I




C53K



MNFA=I8@:=T1-


M]50WLIUZ_CN;[F-:YRN-^/E*[&Q:[%QYT5*M33U4VRU4-/_SE5'A3/?8:'6[


(SQNPL5!W+




A1%SE0($('NB



&%R+PFF$F?%0B-6+
2#UYX6



M5ZBK

MS`3)O'3G8EPAR%R0DG13P$7/60RKV\0.IFH=7A!
W6FT*H5&O%*POL^DI\7.

ME#ABLBMA3.Q(9R[63B[8MZSD\M^1U$AVI-6(GWQ89W_2
R.=LS$U4JW-.$2$



Q_[F9?]'(V1_0+1*?MS%``W3I\I2[)/

5ZCIEK$:!4\;L/%.-P@N*F.XK6D5


;4]



3P

$


MR?Y$ZNSY.W^9KM9+K2['TB^*O.:-&37#D#.8HGB-L^LF05*R_FVA!90VXVZ
MVW



.RO@RI^=#%S'

^+-P_7DG;*AE5EJTJ'G5
MW%U:%JO3KNR#K
V6\YJ\&370$VYXS.3+9/7R$*GE6G'`+OC0`H6JKR1&46
M)C00:KN!8?MU:=OV:&Y]A;&6\Z`5#G+4B+6(H(.!Z@8ZV.@@U$&D@U@'B0[2

MA_P*(ZC


N)=VZB#0
(2
M[`;^OTM41'6)DYY+DEP

MJZI+E&A





M`P!02P








)-Z41QSHOI8@J1


M%
)
3)M$RNLS3`#^:E5)I`&
9-]7N@D#E_ONM-(M9V*[


M(%!4`4B%8A5(%&!5``D(F+(R(L4

MLLEV

M.X0$`D1$B$D1DBD%1$I.1AO9Y(GEC+R5/$=H?2L47(#B$!0D*$1`B)$9(@
M)!41*5&0[Q.)$FLY48K


M
8=&QP1#J03)FB'-VQ/



M-X#J-
`JYP0,)#^./Y*+!$A9+D3!BF#JZXHCB<LH,DSY:E#Y=3%MTB@]
M.
YH`RX5;0HI8E8(V9(7;+)(#\1




]KM9


AE'Q
PPF
L1@[LR:`^FXJ9G)(W@51P=;';@Z\'3@ZR#0P4X'H0XB

1-FRL\PD\C`BM`:K:9IJ.ZM:8P!&5(

M/B(!(CM$0D0B1&)$DC91S(9L\#/




MI_%T


J%VE


MWL^%?RA;.BQJIH[(N3I3MS)*NDSEH2)''H[R
0HPVF$48A1A%&.4







M3B?&5

M^X6+[NR50411:]9MH+@9


M









W#6L.&X50+I%F

/Y8`TU

B\-`T72B7**-X


M(BE1I&$[$$ED-\`&6SV\JR195L8VS(D32;Y^SU]85=7=4FR+_$F;KU8;&Z

QZ/-VWKWL'U[NAO_Y]^__%2-1X?CZNUA

M][YY@^9QMW]='?'/_=/D\+[?K!ZLT^O+))].R\GK:OLV=A%N]A^)L7M\W*XW
MW6[]_77S=G1!]IN7U1'X#\_;]T
MZ8VD)+5'_;OC^W#\?EN7)1?



(J#-1FL$H0(TE#*KA;]FJ

M

+&A#UUKE(9--;H:

MDTPLXNB!-$9_GKG



M5P!D0^A]\#+I#KDAC@\7@+46&?7

M$)

]*:F-SI;`#$_^63'

ML!!\=3Z'UIIC\B(TQ#X[;2KJF(@#$`QT`4`@FGZUIG`B.SO:?M$FDBZ6\-4%



&T9Z_
IK<P&!%R?7]

B#L#0

MD17M*7Y`AB$^GD[')RR=GF+B'IA7DFAGW@J-)\(D^FG76V%ODU5U@FAGAA8^

M2#F*W)(.8
CCXWEW5
/R'MB'$.65P-W.@A5UI5C$
VK8(



W5&4X)S$:7=UYJ.0.0%0%V


MK1P!YL&*T
8BAK94^&O0)98-Q`G




N72CI&
BOK\
5T28S/[*LW+(PV2EHQT&.#!1
M#%B.
-Z1E4!PE6P^P*LX%XP_4B4;%BKFG)*IQS)F+Y77P.A=DPX@JAF(IJ

A'/J$)APQ[-6*0
YD6B`N00
M0U:4PY

ME`8+!O$#:2R&\@HGB#R1'!.\8;C(EX?C4&@^Q*0C#/?+L[!A&R
M3,P36]UMF)])#MA.88@MZ0]&.Z(^MGY'KLPUB*C3H1:/(.[]8ZL8H-C@DEC


M9!7P
A&K@.IS:
N&L6#IW!:9'+1ZJW








23K%4+UCH__%EKD43'3/CQI5^M]5:1J&
B
MGC&%AH8].EP')NJ1-%XD$B8G/;+J'3LFXGA-^X^(Q\SZPVB^=D02W__Q(H%7


MRY$J
HM0NW#*;K


LZB=


M&@#5:

MJFF@Z7S2],`&^XO:1I@P[T=30-LZCK+:@X$:IU`T^%&A18-!8D[)H&5:=&

M*C7:LL36P\]]B@\T'7X/UC1`@)]@-0T0X.=/1;
``G6=Y0*U@Y]O-!_4#G[?



M6VT!T^TU.8Y




M='


-H90$/S\__UV9EK\H
MA

M;KY;[Y2G#\]_H`/X\\VGCRHV



H85#&H8]#$H(U!%X
^!D

QAA


M1$HB%9&:2$.D)=(1Z8D


4JTL(:62V(G(AD1'(B!9&22$6D)M(0:8ET



U:W&%D[I)NM2T&$'U=&J[X@,H\BE-UKA@


M\M1T8E1QBAG5#`J&56,:D8-HY91QZAG-#`:&4T!K50NW5_%IW10F_N@V72

J&)6
*D8UHX91
MRZACU#
:&(V


M(1`C





MK='&.S(Q.C(Z




M9M0P:AEUC'I&`Z.1T12@4(OK



L8Y8P*1B6CBE'-J&'4




M%AIKG*_T)VN=@7CNG&=!O4


MT610:F*GLB;ZFVO+!X@-ITD
N@U7X/A^C+%2EQ8K5&)Z:_?82(A0)ZGH4
8H



M%H


)4A!4LA?7Q-7ODD[4%W6B,5;8E<E(M`;=Z2\.K_?[?93/Z:2;6+9M
M-VD/T%_4@8$[,(8=V-[M][3G.C,841B2ERS&KS:#'4#<@99`.&XL6AN!H
MK';S6S#


MW;I+YZZ$IN






M1A6CFE'#J&74&928#
C6A*

;RD&A1E%Z(
UT&L$+]V7\13
M0JPPQM:*LPO&ZD[?P=SLHO4J


&!T9G1AEC')&!:.24<6H9M0P:AEU







M1AY]G/*O?'N-O`?H#XR.C$Z

D8YHX)1R:AB5#-J&+6
.D8]HX'1R&@*4*B%
G)6XSYQ[0;E#RT6





MZ
7UXB@

PFC0\BA
KF)Z%



M-
Z7L^(T@K




MS`'[I-GJS**KK8(YED@A6L9^,RX]];AG%'!J&14,:H9-8Q:1AVCGM'`:&0T
M&91*(:B4UQ5+H,Z0!4N@1M%FF5((Q@KC__J.]JCR``@(_7RG`P*=FG[;;1V


M+S;?7]3\X'S)&(R%L=@$JO7.A&&W74I5O7:L^B*9ET/L;)!+%:7A_%REL?

M-E;+W0C5FX46G'_ZBAT8K$XKVX7AR%P?F241@-6AZ%R55



M@E')J&)4

M1@6CDE'%J&;4
&H9=8QZ1@.CD=$4H%`+7*&#6;3\32!U](NUT
C+IAHC1XY$

D




2D85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V
1D:3
M08D
*NX/7*/8;!XFI@P*





OJ'?(^:(6!^?+6?&)TUF)^\FY!PICY+J$T#TG

M4#&4)TX:?=.)\YYS209Y$AT8'0T*3YSQV]U.SLJI1JFJG-T77+%D5''%FE'#

=T)
M_\3)5@6CDE'%J&;4
&H9=8QZ1@.CD=%D4.K$J3(D5^Q2E'FTH=?HW(G36.&O


MJ6^^%ZU=A4()BW(#\==;/#.9$


0@
M#S'(0PSR$(


Y!


M1'9B=7-=0DG;QZ



M9VS[1;L51-(E_4(D:;/`&_4+P67

`]MHY2V0;PEO%'?$(*7]`TAF/!&?4-4
M7M(W!&K&_4-L7M)WQ[VFQ93X2S-GM=3T3WF7Y%`7]=LFMUP]DN8?[OKWK







(A*#B
0@(C$H1@R*$8-B/HLFK4IM7:.8
MLH\O1YIYN7_(0PSR$(

0@#S'(0PSR
M$(





MIB\%A3%;SBF?5L;

M0U020PA:=]($XLVRA280;^0.P44
D63=21



M0AYBF*7$(`\QR$

\A#/,0@#S'(0PSR$(,\Q`/


M]8A]_SQC@Y0S

0A)=2$D
0A)
M=2$D
0A)=2$D
0A)=2$D
0CIUPV%5._^#X1

Q
A
J^JL#S!B@0K$ZQ*L#K!F@1K$ZQ+L#[!A@0;$VP2EKIW


^$-W]\HF5'
A8B:AXI^1
M-\0@#S'(0PSR$(,\Q`/


\A#/,0@#S'(0PSR^R2

M-R329L&.*W%&=F:R
D(WVX(P&?90JL0,]4J_1RG9R8M0&';@C!(;-EJY`]
MV6IT%4`H6#-I`;%@6Q&8+!LH54$B'7GS/@U?YZ9M(HL2V`16&CDB[7A(U.
MTH1AHUD8-L00(YI%

M2@RZ4EWH2@PB4EU

MN3.R
Q
Q(0U`2&)04C;A-2%D,0@)-6%D,0@)-6%D,0@)-6%D,0@)-6%D,0@
MI%\W$E+E07PASVUO=-XD5,RPX(QLF5LH4BNV-@MF8^J,;,U$(A(#(2@XC$
M((QB$@
(A*#B

M$+%@&C6OJ1N(3(NZ1:Y9)N(7ZL-XEEQ(]FP3F=WT\O9LOC@RB[I,(/-N1
MA?%!+;ZECHC)[SY@1$N.]LK4W.S?92:
PQ7*1G(PXK9

M!%;.3%2$8MH=J@J#8L2@&#$H1@R*$8-BQ*`8
2A&#(H1@V+$H!@Q*$8
BA&#
M8L2@F
\BQ50&XQK%=


M4VQU(B04TD^.B)#$(*1F89J'P-T9B(&A1W$)(8A+1-2%T(20Q4ET(20Q

IF,-YB)$!#15A4&$8E!1&(0
MD1A$)`81B4%$8A1&$0D!A&)041B$)$81-0LE:;8J@S&-2*:C(?_5:C9!]W*


(/-L1YXW&![&8

MA

M9@?]DF6X


/60\V_9)EZ6XRJEYY_Z
MCNB]X7NX6^B7[J9[[@0YX
X`WT`\_+L#C@I?_;J!#L@S;2K7[39;A
M[<I[52^U9CVJON/E`[J]6_0+UF&F%#S+[F#09F:?\D]#


5DR

EF'9)
(?+
M6M);!F]9LB3'Y\F3GZ=`29DLJ5!2)4MJE-3)D@8E;;*D0TF7+'E$R6.RY(2
M0[+DB)(37CC$*AQO
:)XR5.J!.:]);!6Y8LZ??8QNY3LW%`R9@LF5`R)4N.
MM]C`WJ;VKX=;S*S;U#S-45(E2VJ4=,F2'B53LB1'W_)DWPJ4E,F2B55LJ1&



RWOPT232Q_&J(\

I5*Z'-`
MB:/@3!:DSX&(VN_DDKH4RJY5BUP5$[M:YM.GV^O?&5T.=)E2]E.?J4Y9:C









5!\K*5:?
%+J4T09

M9[%M+=*R
GVED(IZS
)2:D[K'*UG7YN^\)44UQ@@A%%B&)$:(4488H1U0@


MU9
$2(J*




Y_*0^/+BEHB_ZNAT;(VHZI'7&%5UN0\3I
M


MS9@-X\0)%\



MG!FSHZ!#_K0HL#:#EC)@B2EHJ`OR,A'J0!1BA%-*$*6(







MJ#%2NI34?&$]S(F5%*M/E'I&J4)*%[0Q4[J4U'QA/=_)E12K+Y1Z1J52A?4
M6E=2FJ^L+;`:R7%ZANEGI`9.F*#YH1LC%L\TP[1HUQY6
BR9R4%A`VNB)%J



MN

A8E[(@-RT8

MSW!'6B)Z]


C]F*3DVS8;F9+)U3J/2
M449E7)W3J)REI%%7:%3!(DZCRE%&5:S+:53-4JY1]
B=

M*T=4*%VLOE3(H;Y736B1NF3$8Y!&9-;WIR/A.:K)E3AZPGY[!V[*6X[9[4

M]V

*$&4(LH0Y8@*16BE&-
MJ$&T1K1!M$6T

M98AR1`6B$E&%J$;4(%HCVB#:(MH9R/0KS1



M/

M[X38[!:%^D
:1?H5+2;'W;0<G(`^E?$0!HA!1AA&E!*$66(<D0%HA)1A:A&U!:(]H@

*$(6((D0QH@11BBA#E,J$)6(*D0UH@;1&M$&T1;1
MSDF7]^\)!+[[];


M2;_0



M

M1/00[Y6WW*2`^PR5QVIHD=I/GN`

%ZEJ#I?J\'[F0XRJ:(=3EM
MBEE*GE;H^X)2SAM2D?9E+$NITTY2\G[!*?_Q9PFE2.
JEB74Z3:I;J3
(#
MP0T+.$U:CS)I
Z0+HFG+4OJ$?7:EGN*VV7/'4J_99?8GN@E&\C_2GX2XU9\Z


L-/KC'#!%S*F6'419$
MK$MEN%@BMF#HQ4,NY;0@'65!QKJ4!;EIP5.E[??67\YJOX*ZZ_-^M$##9=Q



MMR%G]'JB'W

U;]E)-M_/;FVPV#'(J]Y




M8X/^PI1PQ;(6.\*TL$(;J`OVHH4+I8*E3(H3Y73&B1.EB]:E#O49ZLH1



ETN8*`)6
:9O
-15D6LRVE5



E]:





*$(6(
M(D0QH@11BBA#E,J$)6(*D0UH@;1&M$&T1;1SDFJ\6FZS_3X;OM6Z/#=\CJ

MOMQ^^OP?_JV7^U__'@^NSO\^4@K+MJ@U?#9T_[KQ_//R\F-F#&28_H?&5*
'!E?(`OJMJ0$+



MH2HJNE)/AFYD-9G0E:$R#95I!J]XDRF5&3*9?A+G1OS@#=X4^NF:&_'#-'B%


IJ\(I'5_S!EGC4



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#D^)I:'B(``'2\```9

;28['WS=BOX-#[V.Q

2


MUR_W7Q^^W[V\?_KY\(

K-_+\\.WNE<;_\O7QYXM8^WY_CKGO


V[Z]TU6?KTX?
C78$+^[OGAR\?KWY);KID
M/K^Z_O3A&*'_?7SX\R7Z][N7KT]_YL^/GYO''P\4;DJ42\&O3T^_.]'RLT.D

M]_.5LW3_](T&0/]]]_W1U0:%Y.X?QY]_/GY^_?KQ:C%[OYRO-MN$Y-_]^O#R

;)D(_23C6S?)\O9





M?9W9@P6I!9D%N06%!:4%E06U!8T%K05=!*XIM'U\J2S^BO@Z
RZ^$IE;`5'`
M33!%0E0.%J069!;D%A06E!94%M06-!:T%G014
&DJ?)7!-.9H?4_*M;E8JVC


M(96/BJ&[E\U7[TG^PKN9








MBV$OM5B:OB
5J?EQ!B7S):Q=F8B

T`


MXRPE*^9BOECJ29&QN^7HA
_/&E0AMN(+A'M+*5(\J/5NL3&WLDI$1@=5GS6H
O:X_CV6N7\?]^^DG5




M$76





MGI$.O







]SML12U=B
A.+!4O!L01




SV(F;

1:$6*!T#G
M

GH:
HGFR#RCD&):=`TM%KV&DB+)@2S*8


M3MM%-)`#D!1(!B0'4@`I@51`:B`-D!9(%Q
=LJ&FY^+-F^L][%+#*'K
(%*T

J@F(POUB;@Y`R

5[
MDYU

M'%[6W+C#:G

R'/9KUNF(I]4@+UH(Z
M7+9X;$0Q7&
[[-'LJSI1/'6-.J^7M??N=62;5X_T77
#*RXKQH
:N&NRK5##
M*7MTN^N0


MZY&:L



M&





BF0#$@.I`!2`JEBHB_5=5CQI=I[[UG?1$#OG

M?8\J&49QP'H40C$0

M#%&.J$!4(JH8#567VS=?$!F_S59EQ#MO]2AL9\Z[]NZU6PKIQ'F`2(6[0(HH


%+=7F)_VW(OBN.+%$NY-V^B
C*[




EZI;-\WJ[ME_1G;'EJ;KE@<=U
M\Y*N19VMK+O4%13SG3=NLXBCNV;NLH-]R=ARWC+R)2S/;%GJ:ER]N95.7OD
MSD_[E6Y,]NZC,VKFL;?M@R##4-'DN6


[3MCDB=\JBC[#;]_?V7HORFM6_KK)C9Z9&Z_ZYF9LG8L^)4

_
?F=N(FR


+`-L*TS$5\WHZFAU9)E*GIB
O`#SZZ!XLBL%C*4AYM'_[

YH@(52T25



(O







1`:WZY=^#68RP\V[
'6DFLQM


M]H\I4?QZ
;E@6@2`4;`4;`4;`4;`4;`4;`U0.L&6#M`.LT
\&_K+&A

P5K-MI4L%XU_EVB`481!CF*
#*,#*
#*,#*
#*
M,#*

Q



4@,4@

MY-0@]$1
7`MEUTJ_U9^8DD=-6QV^(5/O/J_FX6'7\0B#JL.+31RDB%C\'I8P
M?@\RV:SL:T`B

ME'



M'N[.AK\\(`+JC&$HO]Y.Y(_R_XHO\QD*=N:^J4$L\2IS0))K$W)MAIVOGK

I*6$
M*
#7LT[8Y1P%COEU23<M;KQC)Y:






M4?!CIH/OPJ*/W$+.LJ;\F;F?O3WQM7;(#W21`+$4:6#LAE`RP?8
4`*P=8

L':`=9J9+M._J\I[[DS98/OF0Z^_5('GXO%@4?&`4?&`4?&`4?
M&`4?&`4?&`4?&`4?&`4?&`4?&`4_9B;XKLO^BX+O&W:ZJT@$;Y.Y9R;XIO^A
MX/=BHGH88!1\D*/@`Z/@`Z/@`Z/@`Z/@`Z/@`Z/@`Z/@`Z/@Q\P'__KEZ\/#




[Y;2/RA/


NG#S_O?GMH


MO
7Q_X_?W_Z<-?O


M[LM#IX(TY:[H@'^[K8ZMB;9?71)N7S1?7H\?5O7^$^5[NJ^RZ#]GO[U?RW


4XZ0^?'F2!_JW*MY;\WVNW]=LO3;7^O3J44&V8)YR!SW7]!4U_
M6R
MEV


X4#;)E!C-N
G2
(QIR@1OA]9O!&EF`2(HP@C
'7O/8+6R!(,$$$11A!4X)8W0GLB5?NUAB%

M&/
$INT=J
LPG+N&//*)1]Y96?8A)!C$^:/TD-ZXL?2)4C#8Y@R-A88\_JG/

$VY_E)-LV1%L9Z?)

M@O7NMN`RA/(0$@S@G%`0R

1IHF80FECI&^Z'







M!/V7;H_DHWGNT#N6!D`B/R$!^

M%'S@`!OAEH(/'`TC(QG4`

IC
BG
3Z#+(








M\:
^'+?-_F&I;J/EHMYOFJ?M_N5A^9]_?[G)EXOC:;U_6K\U^_IA^:L^+G][








*&$(P%7
9/1C@)#ORPA!#UGJE(9@$Q


M!J.7JT*ND


3



MRE0X#*#R1/95RTVH/
Z'Y#+O]45VZ)EZQ$Y+PG4%44A6TO%`H:Z14;=_O.
))RV<`_@Q
MOWJT0_/X)Z*N2\)0^%4LN54,`**4R\(G`!9^[''GGCOQ\^I^9O11,GGTY0+0
M$(*4+S%Z/:0(;2!/9$(@^4(K9)HH
EY.*$3/
YK@$9YY#R$#R6!0AI`D&ZQ
M))F(A64`=YLP-`-.0ZCPS'1
J'$NQ+9T)T^]V$ZGPT?`#C/1(QH

M/8D^?P=NYZ0Y'R(%WJLWI;D9U`QFP0PJD(29Z9D@EISD7_*3639MC_9*GH
M0)6`1'ITJV8%1*=9


=$YY!V()
6V$
W'BZ%7538HJ:S+%E*[
M#8*FG2`FOC0GD?NOKYT688-&.).KU-N@,',F4KT)%&2=F@IP:&&8R.YA#8!

MNY:3:#.OW%X*T($LF2#$,[@(M4V$ZI=$4K13PKSH/L3VD50OE%1GS/Q;:
M':Z@%BT[TW#;CA5$(,P`G)_#?0TO\(HA$CBS\;S#Y4R(Z1AP`D*SSQ8N+
N

MNGM0^3C:

$!?/1
M0?`^3IZ*V-Y$.QY_1B*Y2+E;M.Q



W

M)!#RT

Y2?

B8B-*(D

U'PXE'_6_P&IH1O


M2?O/5_C8J(9/











#:!RVMO/(%%@D&0T)`0AJBO[`5E*A#A&.96MDXEH7'
M1$T3JQ)JE6%




51NH@XAJG
M-[?G8R

L1(B1&&$8X1@1&)



MWB;[VEBC4&DQ`C#

MF$4&


E!AA





M'(8EN.1QDDZ):%T@46D(W*7QNFJE18I0XBKGFW153T$ZX=\^@M'PL%S3
Z
M`:3`*J5%/LWS]&*&=3A&!$8D1BJ

J$M-C
0G9X'$_(
)X@6
M;$VMR)!ZXQ$`FQL
(QXC`B
1(A9':(G8P.:\WU[K;XBNQ+[Y)IO,0C8+
M\8Q8F]OT@\%1DJ

(QPC`B




V2&MW@-CIY-L5#`


(QXC`B

IR7E8)1I'


K3N
E!AA&.$8$1B1&*E:Q%\I=9ONJQ37.M6BKYGC-$XC
&SWX*I6C<1?/IG-RE3HHXII%(RA@</1%3NAC#0D,B^06,7[V!ZQ3.G(
M:
M\H1.LPS$B

XM$)B]HR4
M&&$8X1@1%NDMC\0:%4;J(.*:=UOP)/$$3^A8F%G(+BP]OSJ%D9&BE0B,EU%





MR92
A%EZBICTSN@Y1@J

)


XQ(C%08J8.(:R.-HH#QTD1/U(#8
M_@2N^W/QU$!!^R!28)42(PPC'

`5&2HPPC',(Q(C%0MHM=DG3JIVV1?G3C&3:X+GC0X




JXOA^

I+K7%6
&`4.C5[@RIEWX

M8S@CM.?N%F?T@E
EM2R


M;;[+PV?&R\I`M1

:0H)!1HOZF1068
`^$6VYL!2&/W?^!YZ9:


W5+[!4



4[&
M`C8O0



M=O_]'6





M]ZLXBE$G


MS]

MWD6DMQ:GC


@DHPTH
MTEU
%90;[.+1Q-5%U38Z\*S.([U[%0+(\\=PAKY\WD99))WGA\HC`]^3#$
MWO!\Q5Z+N^B*_C0^0RB
QE=

`4$L#!!0`




M[FU
5K




MN
FFD

$F\-



M'.P)_BA:[0MK*FK?K05=B**F9;)`'0Q&9LG0!@Y[M85'[D\_FK+P#HZH`P

\JHYC'Y\WZVWV+



MKS@/



M`$RT)
69F
A&EB6WR*


B
M=?AT/PNK);R?SD3[




EHQ8(V:.E+#G$FU7`_=$.71I-$FU(VO,G%CQS3Y6QO#F3
MPAL&NUVB(2K@M;7L-I-XSQ*N
A8N9U(=U^
_1`5
MA8289*8E39JP,8SV4P
M%JO2B17:P=9G$!C'H(\*:+E)HE4R-'CDE[%.9-JN%:H$!7@VEJIAI
8?'J+
MEU8Z^!9W)M5P+4
A*FRM5(-3\E0;1^ZG-OS6(E*+RBAY\54*U&(H!](DRR








U-*-=VI\:V?[17Y%KQ7*)HND_4VYI^)LL5
M[_]8I+&^F.+0.8E7JV&(@3;6O849-.5OABA\WR62P^SJ0`:T$
40&P$Y_X





M(P=7\BELR

A!X\%4A[DX.8\


C0'7RL
MD/*@._A2(.7!JL9/$U

)VEF


&I1HWT5IW5%NM85+:O5?$^3=EV3KEQS=F79X_E/6J1XJANFZ^=G=<5





M'T@`)`02`8F!)$!2(%F;:&K3GJVIW?V0P\NML*Y$93&6-:%MM26SN;XV1EQM


M)+-YLXNM@*R!N$`\(#Z0`$@()`(2`TF`I$R-M$$$R=1\^'JGPU(X4D74Q)C
M0-K&@&R,F@$)Q`7B`?&!!$!(!&0&$@)`62M8FF+SUO@KZ3V=7GY[MPI,LK
MB2'OS)W
`:&0K/
M#86552



ML@:B`O$`^(#8$0(@
9`$2`HD:Q-=

=`M_9%5DKEIB(C'ZT1&B%&








M6V-'I%*[2NBK-$H2=I1
IOR]FM$ZY5NH3K5_&R5K:^&(9WST1A^_?:EFD%%C



^?:`J.JU3)

M`P!02P



MJ4;4\$NF=

E64R$0\JV5:BM@Y$

M!^SVX02^DHE61F76`SCFA)[V/&

M%#O3^TY
H78?M4P_RUJ`VS`GG




UG220
MT9=TWIX#
R8C

@;
MD')]@Y@
PYGV8$^]=4E74
-!Z5/CN(




2
8A(;
LR-FM\[=SJR$SL4'49:&)&J+JSJ`


$%``&``@`


MK%E=CZ







M.;$&*))\;9_O^;$Y;U1K/G


A#)0#P`-)ETP;,
M]#.T(31$&SZJ'0=ZL2Q)![!FQQDP)

MD023+
61[VB




M&?!E()!4`8B&8@'@#`^./Z%\=%:8K8`@S?G/'W=E6!..&Q'QFU!S4`K4(B
M#ILA5C_N#NG=;BXDMQ]HD$
ZYS6)93OBDOZ(+XD?(0$`D1$B$DIHC19BVH


M\Z?'&CJK=A;FNKF03.VS'MRSH.'$@@Y5Y]`)6P-!UIVXYYHWL)B(*38O0#


5Y


M*


%?U81O]HF#N?RP8^

$%``&``@````A




M'18]




@$R!3(#

MR`+($L@*R!K(!L@6R
XD5LS0
@DQ(ZZG3EQXA`RM770E5`8(KCS*R!=%I4D9
M14`&0$(@$9`82`)D0%D@')@8R`C(%
@$R!S(#


(7167X=/HN#-

MD@')@8R`C(%
@$R!S(#


M
6+CVEE]2J
R-H`

@8R`3(%
@
R!S(`L@2R`K(&L@&R!;(SB16(-#
?T(@&L[$1IZCAP

A?D+A@9P&HCNJT_H8V$M=U&DK0:NI%*HJ?6
MX
K9+^@K(UK[C?FW8\^_@]*(Y]^PU&82E40+06EQ*:2-FK6Z75I2&K'VL-1F


JPZ6&0T4:BV6CS3RR

ME2


N0CC3SR
6HEB(9:2\_8
MQWB?H5:.:&3)VPU/W6
U_.^-0:'B3.02.1-YRYW(I95_SNR+`RMB#'JGIP%;

B_
ZE;.5FLBO



MU]/(
^SZRJH5E%H#1*'6XA(CC3SR
6HEB(9:B^53C3SR&6KEB$9:B^2M#A'/
M*ZP.\4^GA;D]?!5JZ1F_AZB/:(`H1!0ABA$EB(:(4D09HAS1-$8T031%-$,
MT1S1`M$2T0K1&M$&T1;1SD)VC-!X/5&A+D3(Q*)(LIKEV;-N23L!:45#X(^
MH@&B$%&$*$:4(!HB2A%EB')$(T1C1!-$4T0S1'-$T1+1M$:T0;1%M$.PO9

M1!FB'-$(T1C1!-$4T0S1'-$T1+1M$:T0;1%M'.0G;8T(7$*6$CS)W91B+S

:($T1!1BBA#E,:(1HCFB:(IHAFB-:(%HB6B%:

PN8110R-G;9BB:3\C(&MMOZRJI%^4NK1M.YGQUH*UZB0D01HAA1@FB(*$64
M(<H1C1-$4T031'-$


M5MP)DV-A;N^%
-*N]S32

V
ID[;Z6_@3K]



O`_@'%JRE'5@RLMO<69Q7;&4Z`6V^UDYPFV\XHRYQJQW


;W)GRI






)8GHZ`.[W%-6XC1$.;I

M1JT$T5!KL7R**
.
.:(19AQKY'%U@EI31#.MQ:[.-?+(+U!KB6BEM5A^C6B#



3]0BB;WPN]_!MQ]S'7X5CK0ORZ]1OD)2/KLRX%F\;
MTM1JOZ80.#<2/6W%H[2/:(`H1!0ABA$EB(:(4D09HAS1-$8T031%-$
T1S1
M`M$2T0K1&M$&T1;1SD)V1)WVS(N^-


MEV@*Z5-Y/2!](`


=R2D6%N;

M$(_IJ;R1YT6#%6Z.`C*BJV+4[H4;G+8:WE$E'SJAYU[FI[397G+7]4CRH9





JI2J&3BEUQ


4

M*28
.UWQ):F8D':ZXJM2
2&C=JY
&'6ZXCM2
0=]22EEJ1JB-YWN36667J?;


M'4%_E\5[




7+CR%GN5^;
2IT(3G72/.
0H,S*,S.S-`02
$&BNO;DS6=
M/8Z_04'D0F9U1D:7\*4$RWYF=HV!``
A!B(
Q!A(
)`.@#'0HKB!*OD_N&%F


08




3$NG/5'OI8UT





*\5LWV##D1]4[TU)
1$R&%1D2G
MBO36B'HJL[/!':DLCA+#/8I#6D4KZ
JFO#:YU*!\`PJ%`AJ8CR@44\6$0JFF
MJ-%@X8/03^5@9T7/00&Y


MTZO%S*#9X=`@N7PA=6
W$E)NOX`'%`I[6Y+!B$(Q54PHE&J*.CWLI/#Q$K;$
M:6=0P@)BDZ*2U/907^+W4C*:-84H44BB@44RBA4*I!.@U0/!H-+$O@O@Z:





8`
MA5.]




7_[8TWJ


L`5Z0U,/H^PQHJ0ZT16:T$Z+P::4:(''+6@<;'00Z'40
MZ2#60=(#BA$P@WR&$51F8<)?62.CJ58*Q8#
WP7--'
D2'2'40VB`2(A(A$
MB


MW*&[[LB=1JNY




8HX2C2V5&-VQW.





M]\.%10G.4\2J9/-=:W_B8
CI3QP2=55^82RP**\];.+N(A3P)_;DPPY=D8]X



MCM5[5)?[W\I+`6K#/.$




Z


-BLE)SQ#E]ZH
MUX60@)0D(B0F)$D%0EFBY8CJN/V]OK`:WUV!EQG/YALB5D1TA`2$A(1$A
M2$)(JA(M4
C:.P)%:SU01CP9IPEV)@A
$)H@
D%L@L0$J0*T^+!6T@)DA5.7


9





M4@WI$F$1KTKTDTQA-;\F`T.N?)NX2T&[EL*VE$44!12%%$44Y10E&I(CQFV
M12UFN1_?^8X7O@N:&S1'1E;(VH8=_*65S`KFQH*%%KD**(HIBBA+\JHFC

/H]N'/P^VM6;Y(X#=[IP
MR!U7?%



J0(?FI^&^`8$'O*T07D'

_[=Z!

M_P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`_)`PQX0


)V=Z1=:32:V7TF




MM/0(&?*F1'
(Q_YTAQ*

MCXG1/-[-$-VTO




MAHMO2J0HVB3/'F/`&L#(]NSL_GVJW1=W=PTP3/*R7LY4GZH^754NV[.O/T['


FC8[;[-C=2[FQL^B
;XN?OUE
M]E;5+\VA*-H!
)R;N7%HVTLP&C7YH3AES;Z%&?XRZZJ3UD+/^O]J+G41;;M
M%IV.(VL\]D:GK#P;E&H/\)1[79E7JRK_/54G%M*4A?'K(7XFT-Y:3C;*?\(
MW2FK7UXO7_+J=`&*Y_)8MC\[4F-PRH-D?Z[J[/D(^_YA.EG.N;L?B/Y4YG75

MA^HMJLOM;^6Y`+7AG








M0:^8U9V
YEST48H
I1L.T03V?


M*^4FU]RI^I)Q]^/MPJ33
4PH/


M(26G;;W.5FSAO9QF7'V2;=AAR:9Z[M3K5Q;G'S.*

MAF*\

%0JBQ492!#N)Q[=V1@

KI8@IQ(O8'(\M


MBTPAK9)-=4A:D4=)F!;N53+CDBN90IXRS?E:?86




M8;(1Y.^#J@\]

JHN9@.G7E[4;P

S@6.Q!EW



MK%E;C^(V%'ZOU/\0Y7V!W+A$P&J`7-5*5;5MGS


MNS24I
K.20/YUZ?\6G.V(GV$KDBJE]?KE[0LKD#QG)_SYF=+JFM%ZD;'2UDE


&H*(G)



B`%JP9/!\;D`$.HQ-.K
9F_-:0

MB`-N^@QQ`T1AX]JPX%.+4L1@D?P)CL5\%3`5X%`!4(5B%0@[@&2$+B/T
(
M0@-;4L\EMCF71[ZA
08L46&EF1RR%2%'81X/$1$B`D1$B$D+B/2+![O49
M(A$:6(VPYP@!8TI*V7#HH9D$B%)H1X/$1$B`D1$B$D+B/2#+!;HUD
IV1
MV.H?WG
P4<69BE]DB9(<0#R$^0@*$A`B)$!+W$6F@8.P/#)1$RP.E
MB-V-4P5V*NI@*\@0J$*AI0-P#I/&16AR?J*
9S'QSRM.730GFA!/GQ@1;














55MO

M.1S..1]\7MT^BQH]

MWZX_?UH=I'K4%6

M!*;U*N?@P





M!
&=:LCB7/7;=3B)L^!N$E_Z\T0=%_^P9BVB?)AI!YW$%Z!L9]`S;V
1S+



&$

M77U]KTKKC3:\8/7:)C/7MFB=L;RH#VO[G[]?GA:VQ45:YVG):KJV/RBWOVY^




&NA+4*Q;760

YITN:/2)/PC;1!QK8(
M0=ZZQ`_$)R9$R?[VZ!X3!]+N6CR5!D$FDB-)%0@?HBS:=PC<1O.YH/!4(
M87+]!22W2YUZG_3?!W&_
FK%2P^Y4I^D9:K'_UMJ5
@3
BNL1YC=7X)E
M?:+LM911*!H:1W2ALFSW-J(YQP2+_$3I:RG


GVM0VVD2;$%WHH+5
G&AL!OJ1N;G

M'86

U+C*6R#9T(T@=Z@L=R79;5J\CBWE$FH$=&%#AJ




)0U48-D

-#[TDS!9O)J]YTMP`^)2E;17:M_BOU7QNM&0[5C

%




M9N






M!KXX#%X+WP-P)81^&9AF.7[#5O\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`?$/YR
MUP

M[T?:_XX+Y\)35241


2K?4W


F`?_46HI.\36G_^+;`67GX5LSV%`
M;%Q^^A8@DHA(&



MV

M0]9)\%!NV
D-`6\8^@-AS\2P]Q^!PDGH452*)J&E!T4D.`3K^R3Y[2)]8)


MLDXC.Z5U;



M]Q-F:P

M


K_P_OQ]'


Z98#LY!KK`
+3(4^<%ZJ0WZ2\E)]'Y[XL!.7S@MOM.:
M@-M0)U6!+6-/OJM4'_!XN!B]:.NP$_N%62'CZ7\Q4Y?=T?))0[@8Q48HOB
M]8&('!P%FG&4**:<E2``/KV*JJT!CN`7_7VBA3RL_#@=)],P1@#WMD3(1ZHH
M?2\_LFJ?P:$6BI#$K4D



(2]S4%J?
N[[SU**K.\^`AD0.
M(2R1ZB[L-9IA!Q78=G#F'@H#Z4M+9EWM]+G)#
34?I:BMPI8PJ`AW2Y
@6UA







MBE*ELMC:;#*U+5'$

MSQ!BGV9I]5X'M:T\7O\X%K*
]AGX?F.S*+[%K@\&X?



M(KP1F$&





R=HZ/X(RJ/::&L3!P@Y'2R@`(I:3M(


M

M[IPQJ5(&E^1BTH:@-&\?JDK3L2S?K-*BUH52.9HX/.YR%$LUN%:B9$I3


9^G9GO\_5!8/




\5!&%4IK/]'LB4:D0N2]J@LJ9;A&V_D
M%E`Y_:CH











^]R^SD^XFD[NX#9
EV[.Z5HB*HYDZ


D`3NAUG_OU6=R'8C8.C+RK-







MW-I2+EYRJ=*VTB

ML)





X`@YPQNS8M:BP91R$Z
M0=GB+PC**?P%+^)@@
^N:*_
%S(V/MIHCT%THK+/WT]42@VRLL^H-MR(:BO'

#K5A\8-N3IO



\#;+L4=HWI
M!

$%``&``@````A`
U7/:O4`P``(PP`

L+/9_?L[M@FQG=UL^K(;F./#F9G#
*O/


MD7':_E8@-%(IDF`DB4#]&`]FP0(C''_
XBE%
L&\X
5F-=3`ZZ!9[*^$!Y$
M2V`^9Z9T3+F^ERKD*$B^!;)!5DPZ

M$!44O+EVPP/!DVJHA:TZA*Z^W8^S2''(%!EB4T#Z!L1$9&\@8A.27T.T4AAI
MA&8:M^4+

MX4CF'(7^Q&V(GO^):`$V14?XPBMKE2J

-PO5^V

LJ(
M&I6AP(IG8WS
+/QE7EN$B2:_XV2(_&-TJPBOJ`??XOD*3.'%L2TQ$TIA!9
MCLJ
\#RV')6/895@Z./WY@HL3D8M[TNT;9P:TZG(T@-\BAB34O
P.`8YB)






MHD(RWF78=SR





2KV4O'VKP'Y1RI#$AQ)(E!_


M]-I@H(YCQ//QY'1S;N(_V$I1Z.N2SV^HU.,,0S:@LBB;E7QM,8OHGB*+H
M')L1;P&B-/(G[G(+$:1?^Y!2SJ\=1^7KL%3Z:$=Z]I@8B


M4CP8O_J4(T


M*!AE)]*.-%KMS#YC:-NM`(WH=IS\^ZFB
.&VF+PX
?XXG--5]&7S^)XFVALK

JS.(P$1G;ZA]
ZH^[/__87$7Q*L^
M*0T4
KG5STKE:\.0T9FEH9R)G&7PRU$4::C@:W$R9%ZP




-I0)ZS`08A7
M1%]BO`0W&[V[G\L*_BTF!W#2Z+^$==OC)_.LKM0B(
MHX_`B8C&%&0F=FE

M4[6(78G



M

MMOEIO80W]4*XG1`$40@'Q[?72D0


5<OQN?XT+Q:4<
N:&*]CP2C2#L+KF^3&\FBU?#.
MVE!1HQE(:`0)1E7:&7`A;&286`]:/N\L$!91U6OA##7.OF)&PY#

-(.@ZMB
M(\SXFVW1&MH)L:I?NJJIQE;:JJGN(D'UKD9@/E!J3O;C@LHH:?7F6XBP2C
M*NTZX'+8J
/$IJ)%M%./[JX#-^Z0F+8=#PZNUMW9:%\Q(WGQO($RPPB%H?
$
UB<






5Q6L*Q),IIOUU)
MUR[$.Y8GCI#]YJW1Y+K813':6@+BJD`97&0GZ.SR*#+WT^FQ'.RV8NW1I-J

D(&TKG)(=U)P(H7''53/MF@)UQ'

MM!=.2VJP#+P






MY&]JT9D#FV27T$FJ'[?=%5.R`XJ-:(1]\:082;:XKUJEZ:8!W\_)


VY<9O\5D`;Z
;3*AEETR5Y
M@AJR/6@=0'.
)Z7-80/@L=T3@2G'Q%TX('@L4O!




.ZJ^R<$G/A2W<G8[
M$
TW+T\5B


7Q*#YP7B=W1!8'DOAP?FJ.']&#R]3OJ#N+

M98)U5Q3G!3!0HWG_Q$L0D8$]?R'0



9`$2`HD`S(`
@0R`C(&
@$R!3(#

ML@*R+A



XD+



MOK2J=RI@K5JG0K;*G6IVK(9E-
:(36J=BD]R*F&M6J=2MLJ=ZG8LVS9**F.3
MMYS2VZ18;L#%R3/[._$*PNCP)&KIO9FYYL0)W_)5KE#F\JV;(D9=EJ?.I@@'
MNV6






EPFT^I`K

#9U3H5LI7LR+LT



M*T64:?)ZA8B5VS59[\N$UMV\AI1A4'ORXR'WCLVHVZSF!\94=Y3-EP6?40N
M(@^1CRA`%**$

M5V!:A-4/V`=SO6E+I+U+:S7

MAHA&B

MY,*$(6((D0QH@11BBA#-$`T1#1-$8T031%-$

MD:X%5^S$ODT*F](;.!](X0#X@/)``2`HF`Q$`2(F0#,@`R!#(
@8R`3(
M%
@
R!S(`L@2R`K(NDST4*#II]9=O.OI1#P`FKV(1*7U/;9Z:\:;+^!*JS8]

MO-5H&D]FKC)0L94K4QI&/EH%B$)$$:(848(H191)E)?[H?T
%*HIA*'2$IO#

]


OSG
M*\=:O$FD7.^)EQ9B*EKNQ&$DZ4LKK;^T81.9LN*[\1#YB`)$(:((48PH090B


P[HYLZ
MF.M+MA*UR_7::AIK)CU.6-]S2:L63?B*$
1=F)RCW



:
*H5G[*
M5DI^AFB.:

MR_)R\+BU+&.)Q9

B('AV+@:)E;KJ(V*KLA-TU7(V5





MH;('Y4XJ?[&N/*B)[R%KU3HU



M5./J$+5&B
9*BUV=*%0C/T6M&:*YTF+Y!:(E)EPA6FL)]3BD5J7%X9&YC3`W
MXBU'';4LT+
!]1&YB#Q$/J(`48@H0A0C2AEB#)$`T1#1-$8T031%-$
T1S


HHR*^(&D8O(0^0CA%


-0HW*J^?




/^DSZWSF9XN*+2
*W2*W1$'GBNN6`U'
MG&FMND*_$$0G&2NNV%U'/$OAE

M\H!^O.CSX=L/S%PH097]G46W4I6#34Y5\
\MYS-]`T&52^11%6\[].6[%?8=


1.Y0Q'SK!X8B-RGB%CK0X
M8@
V7J&3+8[8AXU7Z#2+(\ZJ5%WIT)4JKVG[-EVI4J




M*GOOQJ'OJD5[_\:A;ZPE?EWTN?1S;3_OOV_2^]?OCR^[BZ?--QJ8&H?SI:_Y


M:&5E='


M'VN3.
2:)(YL
2-<4%8N4.#ZR%E
MS!):;A?HS^^7APERA,1E@G-6D@7Z(`(]+C]_FN\9?Q49(=(!AU(L49E-?
\


SX+1XL36E
GEF\


(


10Z)@XPY&RBEF.0#`JU-0M30@$?RN




W
M97

MG#(F#P_J)G[\A[3\#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`&[2RO(T%```F&@``


2YX;6R4F=MNJS@4AN]'FG=`W.^`

0;\Q/7YO?M[[^M

/[ZE%_J3JW(GI$KTNKU

P$Y

MG=AJ_QG@.@-'06;B3*E21LXP`/AM%#E-#7`D_6@_K_F^.6U
=S:9SFT7`6Z\




M5^1JP

MM.N8?LCG4W&6`8.6MUZAW!`-96:RT,$N5+8$C4C.`'[S/-.4%AP@C?TG99


*UOA#*K/()6='='N
M`6+OH+MVOX44C%!+1%HBUA*)BA
A&=KWTCU/D3A@8%+T0*?02H#M42@)4(M
M$74$#9-CBX.

6K3/:LG:';NFL#;0$J&6



MRW#&&5__@@X:R^=(/YQ8CR1*1+24%OL]2Y]
5?:*(%DK%_-(]2+!3FANW^


M5G:\OT
K..$8RVIW7=6OC?2'C@K..`9\J&SMMVZR8$I_27](C_2*MC7M;&





M$B=70G]S)?:-VVX[';=+2BX(TM/

MHL`(O4

9!R



M
LP;47DLU2BV`A@5C52-\@O=BHR!3`JILFJV:`^*1DK1%!3-@(2%5$FU8YF5

LV+QHIU0M0M`02
M@=0*2%R6
B(FCC*
D


9:;X

M%0%32*M?(HH4TJZN$
4*9;K
J(G=;?FHH2(Z=&!7A$=NAFF=K?SLBX
H$3'M
;2G21N!5!S'51$A2M6@XO
MHKFNCFFQ;4X/?M[*H;VBUM5E\]-8^Z428J($+SH15#O!\FVJ=%UT8H9.A$KP
MHA/S:B?8RF&A=%UT8HE.1$KPHA.K:B=8T&*EZR
GS*RD5D96BNHO-X2?5!0A
MR`J^1(Y9


6+=KLT&]4$(77VV)UB(EJ*VM3&MVLVNS






T0ALX1+5!P
MB2AP16BV!`TPR/.4O[_\2]/9(SECD3F=-)FE7$@SO)%N
NI!
D[S%LYN@R.
O9?!$9*Z&/WLW,)G%@5,ZF3P:[/%\RTD:BTF@<T.-L
MCO@D1V0K8[`#\K4N%?`QHDF.2KH1%
4G$*47.:(&2T01JX0Q8:@&1X*



B-$
G0B5XT8EYM1-L

MAV8T'%1P^Y9$1G4ID(XD)








;-[*MWT_$^0\.O4^K


#\'^_^_@AQ`:Z
MY.V_?WPU0
4??O[Z*_YK='
WOAWT8/[=7]]_^5I]Y????N'U^^?OKX_Z)1
M3UQ%)T-Q@G_%20\!UE``KB^UXE\MT+\9]N_&DTNU#25'4A+_:LGFJL92`/]*




M7`C4(&1?8R;\AY1`I4TE-%CZ.5@:'^MUG&(N

Z@!J_


MEAZL/%A[L/%@Z\'.@[T'!P^.'IP\.'OPX

MM1R^]U;'-V*%V3M9C:W)-)DDK8G
B51$%D261%9$UD0V1+9$=D3V1`Y$CD1.
M1
Y$'H@\$GDB\EP2(S_6;B-__093Y^A@?5%9Q7D3R3`-YJD'


MB



HE;ICW'
3XCP9:9LK(@LB2R(K(NM(8A/-LV.C

5J

EC/E1B
2S?]L:M_


W6!8JU4Y598UVMX

Z[JAUYV:V-R$K%Y:F<ERYK<4T
MVV@`S1C-&56
%HR6C%:
UHPVC+:
=HSVC`Z
CHQ.C
Z
'A@]
GIB]&R0'5V(

])WT7Q-&1A41!6.0H(S=FJ8K1@M&2T8K1FM&&T

M%6C&:
ZH8K1@M&2T8K1FM&&T9;1CM&=T8'1D=&)T9O3`Z)'1$Z-G@ZRNX8BE
%
MDUG99=^4L0DO;?P($93W%U.UPF8@;9IIYS43*Y/(&=^Y?<<\6^D`K!@M&T9

BHH8MF8F5R%X.AVU+

M:
5HS6C#:


6MM!$XYJ7H

'=21^2&LIO1


MRUB\]
Y

MZM@@
Z@C:EN44\'ZCC2BA[%H1&\^5U_




MT9K1AM&6T8[1GM&!T9'1B=&9T0.C1T9/C)X-LC%19J+^FYA(*:HL=Z]WY^;L
M-P

M


R1]`^/B[F=MX3

M
A/0H2_YR#^

'ID]

MGS.X\L
CPW@R03-SI=BRN)=J;]3
M
W=KLDVNL6;

%HR6C%:
UHPVC+:
=HS^C`Z
CHQ.C
Z('1(Z
G1L\&6:G#

]-11%AZ5;'ID-,T9Q1Q6C!:,EHQ6C-:,-HRVC':,_HP.C(
MZ,3HS.B!T2.C)T;/!EE=PQE2=0T?V&C150ZFY4XBHB)/,?1D1F1.I*R(+(D

MF4]7C
9N%9YG*QVQ57:O:
%HF0OF1HS\QGB5K=37FGUM

MV4IKW&?WB@X995]4XS'[RE:CB3N@GK*5NC]G]T`V(

MH5(;K-MI%TXSWD*=Y_MD2T5E0;K*LA(KN4S7F]P
W5RS[M2`C=:&$?1R
[=J

MKTIC?:ZH/'M3*KQ2J_+@5A







MK(Y4[D3D7!(;
2&+=\6$$LQ=:$14W@J_2ZBA3V9BA4R)ZC1G5&5?:K5@M&2T
M8K1FM
FHH:G;;*6-V#':
SIDU.#^F*W4_8G1V2`CXLCG&+\I]7#Q8K459!:+

=HS

7)

MIU
#-EI;X[9@JU:Y#W:V`4/\IA-/.T[U7]0SXWU']6JL4].6F/\VNU!;S@
M7Y


*D8+
M1DM&*T9K1AM&6T8[1GM&!T9'1B=&9T8/C!X9/3%Z-LCJBA@QNE[VW/?M/\4Q

(T


#C-3ARLX54E_,K=2RO0(HQFC.:.*T8+1

M

U-?Q=9*$!XJGIO[


'\%


'AD]
7HVR(9KV.&5BU_S
MNGT?-X3E*B?(Y'@0#S2(8LDRR9-+JOQS1A6C!:
EHQ6C-:
-HRVC':
]HP.C
M(Z
3HS.C!T:/C)X8/1MDM0[;WRNTCKMEHW5$99+GGM,T9Q1Q6C!:,EHQ6C-
M:,-HRVC':,_HP.C(Z,3HS.B!T2.C)T;/!EE=PW;^EWEV)`_E/SF/J(BR4-D












M#7NVS

2W_/(W9<;+M<R\)&W;?L&S[9W`MW2.(]A%PMWVM^D^RP


;$61YW&&/$

:(88P1PQ@CAC%&#&.
&
88
8PQ8AACQ##&B&&

8(X8Q1@QCC!C&&#&

6(88\0PQHAAC)7

M/.$(2&:Z4`B$B$B$B$B$B$B$B$B$B$B$B$





B3GRB!#8@T5

B6BBJ#;
2@$3&H0@RJ
M$(





MN([\6V!HWZ4-T+Y+&Z`]M0':VS8


@/C4!XDL-
O7X

1_AKIXY'?2B\LYURA
S&(


M




M6D
I

?!X(C.S


;/`
)
-$QZ

1$
9;ZY+POZT[)*VV4_VLR8:(D-.1QN+

&-%S6RL
FH3OQGYCLTK1






%=%
M


IVK;41#-S`8-NTT$M


M3LPJV-B13$

Q0SM2QU/8PX3;30S.3MA;3F[7+2A!@1*EX8@4
0L

M5_.5LOS=].[]U%HMS.Q'@;Y1L^8V;-6L:


P^TJO[UXV3GMJUC(WB)F9&X2US0VY:








E(`P/!0@S!0@S!
M0@S!0@S!0@S!0@S!0@S!0@S!0@S!0@S!0@S!0@S!0@S!0@S!0@S!0@S!0@S!

M(02((02((02((02((02((02((02((02((02((02((02((02((02((01*YD(@

MZQ/$B)AA.FU\?JDA?

MA[&[NHG^D*)M\2!FX2.QN3_&[N2`_NCB#OVA[D:7\


MB$B$B$B$B$B$B$B$B$B$B$B$B$2N8B(.R;
MKXF`N








-

M
J
M('?ISLD=SOEW&V3N)SYC:Z1F6MHXG+LT!J

OU5I^'P

M&H&`$9;[$=%!#-%!#-%!_A`=9(=0((90*)D+A9#&N84).V1'^%-;QR9S4OP
M+PB*6;RT?@E
M&)0OF9
^I*6ND5[26/D1


MCQ`#Y`PQX

M=F9*$&:FA
AD0S`9W$XF=R[*$!9BU+8AH#H1%E0GPB(R7?W'-;^IV:E&3`A4

M&.0A!GE*YN0):9A2GF\\EL5LCE4M

M^[N).[Y#VF@55J@TB]
TK6I4JB=*LU%Z_;O4H/LX\8W/7=60CQT:01A!J!



PMQ:YB7O:TZ+E6B0

MU++SE22Z2A%&]VY%1B2)61ZU6&N$F?DJ

\21&)5S#BF*]8CJ
M1!RE.G
'U4U7T4RGJ\G-Z#[?J[F]=5




S:BAJ%]@1R\;I5%KDK7%U
MOV:

$
M@P&P0#!8(!@,$`P&`8#!`
!@@&`P2#`8+!`
%@@&`P0#`8(!@
$`P&M)AA

MT%ZA*X6N%;I1Z%:A.X7N%?J@T(-CPH]*?2LT(M'Q7ZI-!GA;XH]%6AUPXR


W-
M*WIJ&6O0;!8)-@T$DP^08A(I8[(5A5#@1:!DU-E;$$X1N<;!-6/AJ<4
`
PZ!5!G@7*&(0JV$[<*S65_4V
MIV:I#N^J7FX#XI4V
;@2NM14:KH53DF.XEDY5ZIT&



@R1F&(8#!$\

M$R!04FJ7=5(_G)IB!C03






6=LWIJ5`[D0E4;GBEFD`MB!KF06HCCT'9\CIAB$9DQ
MQ2(R0RPB,SJ+V!K9[\8R24PQ@LR88@29(4:0&1'+D\1BO3$G#23&%-(CE&
MD!AB!(F16DASA'JS!@QHLN


Y5'IQ&[][[/&FZ/2
M8=W](:L-V_!0U*H-CQG+-JQ/[*T63UEEV(CGK#9LQ$M1JT9\S%@.QV)Q9J_D
M?RHZ@^'XG-6&K?A2U*H57S/6N
(
EJ]9Y4U7F%P(5SFF+YAX+Y_
$ADSLX19
M39`+Y8+*`%G)A:C6?':7(A8&H?F2VZWEANNL]+(+)'5AM?M)(.803)$+*U6
MS^060I(A:;RU6LW)$-6&;2`9Q`:2H;/!?J:3)AB`9DPQ0(R02P@$R*6@A$.







&@MV,\X)!7L%@JF#04C&
M;

!@@&`P0#`8(!@
$@P&P0#!8(!@,$`P&`8#!`
M!@@&`P2#`8+!`




M+



J4=:_L?O!@5$O[82ZP&^+@
MSZCQYI6TP\4<7#S%++P^Q2PT9OEO+HWJ[QIE^%SV-2WH1KC<SP$Z/D<L7Z;


%8X`1[(.#/3C8HX


M!(
!@L$`P6`8#!`,!@@&`P0#`8(!@,$@P&P0#!8(!@
$`P&`8#&@QPXP







M[;7JDHAU;

\XX(^DPRA0_-%ZW'`A[`9:
M?XRE?]P]=


M$(!.]!V+6$?RS4+N8


M%A1Y3?3-HAZ]]

MK



@D$!P:`8%!`


(M&.$6C'`+1K@%(]R$6[!+=@A%LPPBT8
MX1:


M2[N?&UD%'_3-)BYCX2I





'FG1
#DLL%M_


MNL0RKM=[KT0LG'F5R&]62K94M#H/1Z6B[46(A*7I:;69G=K0X[A8KDON-M4R

V#A[1$C3`#*GXH`!,OASC;J/0,2ZR%)K\%P


M!WOM

M$`P&`8#!(,!@L$`P6`8#!`
!@@&`P0#`8(!@
$@P&P0#!8(!@,$`P&`8
M#!`


N
/V[XB$7Z5M97M:EK!ZNG[)



C8/Q


)9&@K$T$HRED6`L
MC01C:2082R/!6!H)QM)(



M]M7!7GO

MSA8BS!8BRA8BR!8BQA8BQ!8BPA8BP!8BOA8BO`UDHA'V1\=$(^ZG^FA$K+F-
MA7`4K([)SLXNJ?7W3ME/#A&V6%MS]Q!Q*RWDT9S`%6R@58)9JJMJ\J$$`ES4


MWRY`FJ*66X`UI04P0YNPN3R&-G$SVM


H2J;-!FN'52:V\@
M25B^@606_O7C%Z&/Y=Z\
2E=T\_5#UH!08H5U5CG

MK0T:!:626G4^_!$
_@@&?Z8T`:6D*)02#$JUF*%4.$@YAE+IX*7V:C=?1ZP_


@)&B1&
+ZF%

M@)Y
4%



MJB93*@2;8@@$*[5E0R#8%$






.):P;QRHVPDH&ZOC!HV<GE!6L.N
-4W`




MS'YV$




\4TPZ(8
MW!`,(@@&$00C]((19\$(JF!$4#`B)MAG!_OB8%\=[+7'3+C#.6L;[K#NYYMQ
MX0[!L2$J'M'VD8]8?FN9N0(#XJ\TKI]!4

MK[]\N_SVCW_\]M.?O__G7\$ZGLIM\)]^_?:7/_[N@M/Y\XM0/SE;RD19N/GO

M#JJU3LK1'C^N[&R)C&_D:#G



MMCN#*&Q%G#);:

9
M
6WI@A'XPD_@
#:[0_-N233\22*
R_ZPO
9NE]@7C!
7G#BH;;LP@O@#R)I`

:;

M\.$9M@N^]@K








]GB'G_;A-LCN?-E#D%&G5VX7_




Y
Z5/!Y=4[?+YS?7Z)







.OK`W]G'



[S
M'Q_-162U

AT(=@




M$!E=X@T\UI$+!MY8^P




/Q^9@Y@Y4N(E0&]$[871@E#+*&.6

MCI*$R(%(2B0CDA
IB)1$*B(UD89(2Z0CTA
9B-K:/A#[W9B+M#_UU;*Y.5









M




G?!4<B]6=!.)P3$RET[Z31VL%8+N^ZI






MJ&74

A[-M0G?;8R[E;W0VGHLUN+8KW?W[
+*(O\^K!7),U5T;KI*M*(H=F4
LH8Y8P*1B6CBE'-
MJ&'4



B(YD8)(

M&W50*YDT*:.


466[%ZK45?97/
O4#EZ53L
MJ6R1DW
QYW%S*E*4



RH8E8PJ1C6CAE'+J&/4
QH8C1[RY0G/

$D8'1BFCC%'.J&!4


MY;]DZ(UY
/03VCA'T_6


];J2ZVV-_I%T'&'T*B5N&_5O:!.D?JB%GOUI5;;


&D8MHXY1


M^YUX7AR7/N:+QF60+BV.RQCSY8Z+MZ!LPI3&B?#D/
;1`QZAZW9J&Z8
]M8*


\8Y5RQ8%1RQ8I1S14;1BU7[!CU7'%@-'H5?7E
TLZ5


MZ6



MD:LO85$*X_LWL:\E*L%CM1G=6)VEIYR83E

MJ]?&P`N[[64IUJ.YOSY:%*R/83)!K);71['28_3!(IM
P*_7P^\K4[&`-G-D
MN--L2B:(Z\4.Y.I+!KVPR%N@.?TXD(GJK,Z48N5CD(C[NV/8GD46K%8'(5.
M7^.0J^^9!0&BY9'8=2*\5'P0R]

!D:CAWQ]+DO;


XI4[62Y2U5]X(R10LMYNI+K3AEJE;BOE3W
M@BI%ZHL^8ZV^U&H;/D6]42MQWZI[09TB]44M]NI+K?C.*[42]Z.Z!_)CQ.2W

6J[8
M




4D89
MHYQ1P:AD5#&J&36

ME#'*&16
2D85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V



2I
M5M+UE-UGC'*N6#`JN6+%J.:*#:.6*W:



M!D:CAWPE


D8YHX)1
MR:AB5#-J&+6

MHXI1S:AAU#+J&/6
!D:CAWPM+DODF#=8!7/%(DT5[(DD1`Y$4B(9D9Q(0:0D


MKU:W]-
&:V'RG+

.E#@IQ6JQ7]59_:ICOJA?C5@M

0^.OA-R7ANVOYO10A0E
MU@I/P)&+RH%1JK[$*E.TX#YG7P6C4GV)^TK1@ON:?36
6O4E[CM%^Y[]C4P
M&M47W/NZABFG[UNU.!.%=+2)`._75ZLP,[T7*P3Z^M((E9P.5O13#Q8*Z37
M7EVUICZ9!


MW-5

#HQ21AFC
MG%'!J&14

#HQ21AFCG%'!
MJ&14
:H9-8Q:1AVCGM'`:/20KX7)I9U_(\+]E'IS;Z2VR
F?$TF('(BD1#(B


?/U4H5FUI$14$96^6
MD8EHXI1S:AAU#+J&/6,!D:C19'\^;W)$%VP2S'FP3(X(2\/L:7\^;$=9L6
MS]:)6&F*^





MB4#J


_I&^(TXHWZ





&F#UQABF9[M'
F(03)BD(P8),&
MR8A!,F*0C!@D(P;)B$$R8I


O-2
MO/S=FF
F*R-TFUL0!N%FMM`JQ(RV&EQG(?!L)BU`X;D%89!X9@NM0O;9G9KQ


M:JJ+*4X
NE)=Z$H
(E)=*$8


1






M];@Y.)F

0E!G&)05QB$-=E@;@F


0@&3%(1@R2$8-DQ`9,4A&#)(1@V3$(!DQ2$8,
MDKDLD,PD2RZ1;$JN^)N!B7D)*[.8FJ57?S:!&44,\A#/
0@#S'(0PSR$(
\

V4*KD'UVIV9\4[AC)BT@%N86A$8
M9J;N:(01(+%6;X(-(X)F-I
6$#5SV!!V)C,R5A

MQ`@EK-1
/@%BA-PA1H@A(.8FI[4)P;UJ2[4)P:IJ2ZF.#'H2G6A*S&(2'6A
M&#$HYM;U%;O^SR2LCFZA)5E3K9FOV*6#N5L+)5G:1.*E6=)K((RX4Y=8L(
M*X4Y_JH(JX4Y_IH(:X4Y_KH(ZX4Y_H8(&X5-_@(A31KD@JEW;=,F[HHMS$U8
M*5M83R#BG*U1LTC2LUD1D'$N:HPB$@
(A*#B


)J=7L?//
%DDZUEA

MVM0M1
8YW4*PG-
MQ

Q+VG&KQ
1L^7Q092=TQ$$WMR1A?%!+$;Z

5V
M0VF*Z]E
I@
4(P;%B$$Q8E,&!0C!L6(03%B4(P8%
&Q8A!
6)0C!@4(P;%


U`G1!`G1-`F
M1)`F1%`F1!`F1-`E1)`E1%`E1!`E1-`D1)`D1%`D1!`D1-`C1)##08$:)H%Q
FD);DD*X<YI%6+.
M[K1S_-(8QTQ:@,)S\(@\<S4'7U6R!YM-;B[$J$PFTD+B(6Y!6$(AIDMM(H`


@-DUA?@B!5+`32IC&$PMB
MA-(4:B:?`'.;W%&B$@YB:D+J8W
:A/=:$^
4A-=:$K

8A(=3'-
MB4$QMVZ@F






MNC

W


$OE^!%VMA%QDJ2VRWJQ$;G`3UXB/8`KT/;F1<G<3L)2@YX+%6LY`8E







CO
[E


















MHZ05OH;.17?YW+N$M1TG209&G&KBBY

M)*Q+F=+.S![51BR]D

M4A+IM=4MZ:[2BJN\#3IQ
!4B=K@E









J$)6(



Y)\2U



YWN


O.WG%!H@Y
M#OI7D;2K`
DK44_N^]
)N'NOPV7


M:GO0E'*RD?PMD+6J/U=6UABGY(^



M:]XC/O'AL&Z]0\S1NE6(!C\=A\$0UGBJX)$14%H9X\]
R?
:K]=T.R)+^?M_
MP*Y[/0B5E='_(T84[_H^!M8X[:B8:V@I5FW




MS*%



56V@EQE3MO5EPE
IYZ$
\P4:?6

T/X



:&VW%\ELM3\A.7K&?:;OD?6VMHT=N=[$M$&
MK?K0M_N\!AMX;W&G;.6]Q9TI*SZ4;#@B8@M3!UHRX-J\/H5L96K!;7?$-:K;





O&/



M`


MY!]C%KJ@QXFXE1
)6^EF2%G^W04_&W@;(6-E;R/D;*7K+UC^W=4]&WCK7[&R


)1K&`Z_-.

















MX=WSTQ]O:`JCN+S\N'
38G;C+
LP\X
B#+QCXX[&BK/RT9EY?T&9IB'U0K/%
M/S]DV6S^[O*?-

RX`$MD;@7$B)MP;T55'86Y!84%I065!;4%C06M!9T
M%O06[!.@@DDCZ*\(IC-S6!E;UW


M


MB6I68T

J/8H&79;
M]UB%I`B-A&O'4LM9
FE[Q005T98
NS*B$?


L=C9C;;NK2XD1!7KAVB'%&!

M1VB#E&/:*^0CI\KB\_HDEQ%IV691\GA66;)#D@.I`!2`JF`U$`:(V0#D@/
M9)\2%3(W^%3(_
/&N*B==))VL*)[HJ!DIQI1G$AO-RQU,1I6I22B;9`5*J





RMDENIA+%T0;4N@&+938S!_.-


2(2V$<6AW/ECJ72
M8V)$1;0EYDM$%2K6B!I4;!%UJ-@CVBM%'5(*O!HQ$[L




MV=XT(C7JL46/G2@F^P)&LN-9+DW#]Z*3.DO'@4ZI/9'XJ7W?'`\J&)DQ:P*S
M9:FI




MN9'KJ2^XE19]=:(8??6

X]TB-FX!&

M[J.4F-\K6WI\V/)A8DK!

63O9P1G26Z

:HZY:=-6)8G35C[O:B\8Q5SJ%

MCRUZ[$0QWF

K$_U([N0T9%
?JJ!7E?L1@_V&CDZJBG%CUU

M5][38:9=-1F9D6EG7%%
&S4P
KUYVJ=)X'


]*T9I[PHHMA/W
M,*SHBM@0+/Q2U@E=U
@*A%5B&I$#:.AWN6JE3
BXXL;%1F/5.F[V)BCG2V]






4\?_WL
M5;:V#WM%B3(3T@NFR]@`:7DEBK&:KK6WU7IA[J

M

M3!/Z^Z<K_18CNV1\D1[I:E


3-VN+1ZJ



T4F_)'N+:(<H1U0@


M(ZS0[9=9W
S;=+K<_3?N;'XYGOPNU


MN_%2$[492TW49B(E3T&7\&:$2*0E$0SW

-




$@*,
M4@
4@,4@
RH
M16QB2QW$?,5+(W]N'-(XX7:-)IXR%=J59(I5:4\2^@P\DJ7DL1@W8D8_*H_
M;$&Y/*41E%YH!*7WE$90QE4CYINU_3YIZ@`3C3`#T1:@;JZ


XD[RCFXHP0K=]?VF_XHO2Q`?P;]F?2Z0C`=

#
M/;1!C%-ZP2&EUS

M@K.AJORD\7O0--MP9F;\FB9N

M8SL12T95)2SQ6@=&4V

T@Z?DY'5-1X^DYP
MU?'M9PTH^RQVK./+(.=[B/M\&N3@E;(_Z-5
7I3]4[Q2]L$K93^H2C^D[#.C
M63M

M5!-&0SF)![E`*-L@3W*%C!*#=BC/`C/(`NY0$8!3W5-1%VIP=V?&7G/O7*
M

U_YUR!!,0F&
MTAXHH\T;HF9)3BE_I[2!4JK:,%F48999+01E'1H!7]E$90/]-P#*-NL5$

M*






$``#X%```&0```'AL+W=O





E/$A@WI_HGF<=-K-PT`^3Y.25.14ST!.8XD.Z[S1-AHH[;?'%&I`
@3(^_I04&MZ&=:`L<'FG:'2D
M(7A9&[SM-RWP1ZD<\2F^9?6?Y![B]'RIH;D74-:





9Z[Y'7
IS)DK

)CZ7N^-%.8
$P..
M&'#%@

M7N^'G-9\@]D

$9SBL.'W#IXVF\$Z%

G5AJ0J&

M6XJ9C=9(IU[R5CHM
V&5*T
(;SH].+P\HR!V
MS.`63%


&A?!BW

TXK0]XU+#BT0%Q[%`SW3M?XC'^/RW-:5$J&3YR/EO!EKAD-U?L



BJCHH=Y2!*H*2BIV:VQ$AF7^X*^V\P[*T


PTJ#6H-&@WF&BPT6&JPTN!$@U



ML4Z%8
EAT($&$PVF&I0:S#2H-*@U:#28:[#08*G!*@))'^%P(.DCFPF^

MKY^_?/SG\1




EHQJAB5#-J&

PKL
#G7'VT8<=MR\Z:E5
MK!0W2(*\&PHVVZE)E?AJ;5(M5K9)Q?#@
&US(P:M39KOU*2%^&IMTE*L7)
&
M^EQP)0:;FI3.1G

M+\.IJ]@;K471+?IJ




Q


AOEJ;M%1-




M

M4:TQ5ZJU2*E6#??8R'4'U5JK1+46]0]LSZK94#J_AYMDM#Z;FX7H(HA**H;3

M?BA82D4


+WLE2

M%*L67S96MZ
NHI'R6-:;%X\X7S

M+W85(U0&7^)^QJCBBC6C)JF8ZBY.SG;H!D[.S'OQT%R:MNIG^6-GM6UV.U_A

MP28QK.?[+





1*M(!=*R:.1XDVATGXU&_[=-0LUZ=7`
MH52S0[T:.*LMFG56^/7/W5([:C5-9=2,1XVWL,[*S1W%=2
42L\Q%UIB05
M-T5


*U3[T6,P0R&N15.U<A<5K$JI)7TP9E8QFCI&-:.&

IHY+1C%'%J&;4
)HS6C!:
EHQ.F%TRNB



MQHW*-+YAOMJ:N(/

MZ#Y!B4;

D0F1*9$2B(S(A61FDA#9$YD061)9!63M
OT




40;$G!
MU
G2NILI8.I#FZB`?R!T\6^NY41#TC52([%K.VDX5@(WT^831E5#*:
:H8


/*XE8



MO=W./9ZB2#^5C&:
*D8UHX;1G-&T9+1RJ&,\@?[G3JLS5.).Z1V*.J.-G96
M6W8H8A5VLE-&):.9H&@#(BCXJADUC.:@J^%H.!KR6B5H$3+`WU0T7[^MS97

`
\I+DK_B0BNWR=E;FG4;OB]\&=%8XL#*S.?.M'^(F;A(M9+/0))DE



@'^(A)7;MY.]^$SHVT=1WOS2BJ&O7FM8M$7
MD4B5UEAS9Q7%6DC%$&NI8G54ZK22*IMBI:

M*A$:#UQ%_/%6U-D39Q4GYH*P=?

M_;ZN6+5&G'/$A52
4G1!243]V;:56&V*F(ZK.8B(]W];QM6=6X3;P?'`HO0N


@
WNLKTC+4U?1O?I0J%E9

M273#J:1BN.'4#LF1FOK]%JG0JLVYLXHB+:1BB+1


ME;C9%#\5AC[8T

TXV$A73QA-
M&96



Y


JH9#1C5#&J&36
YHP6C):
5HQ.&)TR


[A.4RF:_$ZD1GT@Y%!T_C1E-&$T9E8QFCI&-:.&T9S1@M&2T8K1:-3

SAE=
+ID=

B4R)E
M3-(FZA.@]MW4B(]Z'

MO)-.KUT?P&RY=CYI&5F$Q
%=N_[$F#/8DC.(F[!GG@IR+Z&H@YA2BG?:
8_
I]G1C9[!MC*WG^$435]$-J'XUJ93`NXVG2='W

;S0$V24JKL-JPVN=C;E:
M5RP*DU9MA

M+!6W#*MU'[\!YRJZU'Y0Z-=*2HF/CMJ^(!4'?U.V8QUQNJ-RW&-OUY;O1$9^
MYYIATPPK
VR6856&U1G69-@\PQ89MLRP58:=9-AIAIUEV'F&7638989=9=AU





MG'BS45?]0AHNRIM%%^4C@*F+

1LRVY@9@A
MVPO7R4]
O9E]7


MIZNZJ6$RX
Z;G]@87(UPE1%25Z2S(#



+NM/=2]MM=7[79L\=KE[+:\
M]UXXL^B3)M

PT7%(=1PFAO^/E=@-PC)_PL4PN5SNH+9[9-P^(MUK`PNRKQ
M;__@$ET;-HE737

/N+
M6


MSC+L/

N
NPRPZXR[#K#;C+L-L/N


JP.L.:#)MGV+#EAFVRK3##O-L+

.\^PBPR[


MX@T#[

]HD[6(8]=O$$R.6\]-5J0



0P8


''3I^1+O#M='2@*RP=
M(6N8CI!E40]@A

1I8G'D:6IP+5N&S:H77-4I\T]FR8JSM];C84QC\SH+T
M%H:%&$:%V#3#

M4^T1!9H:PN+)A%J*CXMU0$R.^
X9=GOKM!+7X)R%10PS@QAF!C'

M
XAA9A##S&F4$

X
89@8QS`QBF!G$
#.(8680P\P@AIE!##.#&&8&

M8I@9Q#`SB&%F$
/

\1&
M#&(C!K$1@]B(06S$(#9B$!LQB(T8Q$8
8B
&L1&#V(A!;
0@-F(0&S&(C1C$
M1@QB(P:Q$8/8B$%LQ`V8A!;S)38S*E,++9MYH]Q4D595GT#`QK%3'(AQCD


M(!6-H!2-(!2-H!.-()

(@*

M9^%R:2P@8.\NF(WZZF`*HO9FTBM0M8\`IF1M3MAB6?_8P3@.C5GMEJ5J)X95
MT;%49.ID!BNE-Y
+@[3)':1-##KV=:.^T]]I!1U[
PD!'9
[Z)@81.M8.(V'

M%'*
W2DYFF.UOT&.[A0OG
H$/(N42%D;R91(62*B'O$A7:MF;X2MG0


;]FL9SL6LO0$+
6O_/.72F[DW
[/.O)DT*WH4M^Z&<V_1VJP+
6MOUJ68M3?K






F'0\BMEVO!
4KN#[
M

;''WHYT;]&7W]L.O`U1DAVE'MJ&3\QQG&.H

DLS
[6N^[
MN
SLGX[6NR
N

Q!)*UQRS/S?$/AYA!N0X]



K



O/ND.GK

MT

M?'WF2V]

0X9


MM4S;BK9

6(3^


!&=V@TU19;L3`[

MUFL=O3MKD]!^VTWIE3;9=B9=A('L@:1`

M+:1H=V%;CY=(&EO6.I8WK%5+-R=21=N('L@*9`,2`ZD`%(J8#40!H@K4]4


MAU%

U/=G$4OB;(]8E`F)==\


J$)6(*D%.JQ;D


)L.Y=.Q*%NK.=V1.ZO9
M/#A\[%EKL;'[3C*=;3;!Z2-EF[GO%8QJYKR229-+PZ@+A78AV4R3^3S()DM1




*48T-&T2M

@VVPZUY9#!B:[560UNKM9*M=3&?3I9!

CM5I
N[QD;\IY).^A
ME)$GGR'*L6&!J
2&%:(:&S:(6M50+T9S4/47X\#^9L^U:M7Q4==?=9!@;*G%


\#
M/0_
(=E?;6^[]?%1V\W&N\2BH9S16@WEC-9*Y8R
;%8UG:Q705*5L@/SZ
S+


:&#:)6
M-=0A#4L;9M5
B'8N#5UW1=#=9+H,GY.7TJIO?SK=$BKLKI:&KKM&
M=Y<L%\MUL&WTJJO.SVPIG[A;X<#P\E%$6_?FUJD]KUUL#=MV6A@VV
KVL$D

MWN;3



YR&JVYJ5'.F0





M?
P<R,3#!!+/*7(EN9LT=L,MB&W@.7/3?T4.JT
M9`PS1#DV+!5V+!5&/#!E&K&NI07U8&F6$9A%&8Z85E+6DY$&8^\W<[Y5[D
M.Y(R9RVA#T'HP)(:1H1J




M]E9+0R\5U+W1*ZK+X'C12J.^:]-C:4H2_EB&=Z91[U#/;&%##;%%:IU3YA+


MHAI1@ZA52$7??

M5`J$56(:D0-HE8A'5-S./=O+`,QM6=Y_PYBSD2T;_A?F$2T0[1'E+*$.6(



BRA#EB`I$):(*48VH0=0R

K&/

W%]/[$$S%;Q


H@6-;)13N6A%G2K$
M2DKSFU7X:D@I)E&GJE%.U:(5=:H1*R[7+Z;K\`EL*R9]3NGI$IZ/!^Y1W3%8

EO`
QHV



.&'_'
M

_







IJI]7S_-T9B'+KE`GID0M/]@
[-1[A






2)PI!42=*L8HZ48URHA8M?QO@X-AM
M8+8.OWW22IN^_M6$


%BW+'5OZC#D2ITY)AR!R*








9
*EB#)$.:(
M48FH0E0C:AUC
X\TUX/E59&O7!S4@GF-!=;_.AW*!I]:]7_S@=W1@8N[IVR


MGKDVYL$0




K%5D

M`';O;%3_N=.2VW(AB(Y+WJ81.%&*5=2):I03M=

M8F`+




MD*O


MP\&0`9PLA;$/$BDIB=?&JN*?`[$ME2








O



MU4#D+(-_UD*F5


I%`D0@$\GY69K0$?H^\+U

O_?)R)JB0


K`C`]1#%1C?W9$`51-@LX)M.J8\=[M)=SF@N_021H



MSHCA]S+/(JKU+BE175@8&ZS=)6
XY2V]


NR4H;*8HVR3.#








M

M#:R[$^KFL/:S'0$Y5'$

I2AR8.+*4B9+A





7K5/M`G5_YS


M)(S@\#G&LR#*IO#$L2

$]G#L-O=Z;IF]V7L






MFT55*E694IF=Q_6[F_R4F56JI3?/K''V^O-[]O]H?M[OWS;7#7NKW9O*]W

MP')_\[1Y7OU\/9:[7]%F^_WE.GNP16IQL]_3G9'-:PHF#FKMU3EM:[5P@`

M


$JI5*;L3

B.T+NKA$!OXVDS

!`D%B02)!9D+D@B2I()LA`D
M%V0I2%(62=6




M@B2I()D@BP$R059E((4FHSX)PI5;:X$GC?T^;,F*GS9!:VBI&9%ITT)]
M*)-ZVOHL;954E;;*.)*P(F1)N(LJ0R04M`;LE!A74FA\7AE'DE2$+`EW:66(
MA
^'.LD6A#0ZER



H&`1/`P[`1LVEFCH4@1V

M*.*




M%6:4G



H`
CN`L]WL3`#G


MG1DINA]/49'03*(0D;/


[F6H0=\4N-7










D(4@.=FF





MB#`]I`='18HX0P@IPHP



M?`)(O`)(90`9#^!
??D$D%


MN[B@)5O%Y3V
[BA-UD`T:AI&&\VF!J*-U8\;1K$:1LLZ
SKPX_)!)O3R'QFI
MFO^8^Y=UYN

KC
UX[RBB9G)
M
?7
QXZ9DM;G/O`.GY]EC5A3$^
CURF:KPX?

[F6IB?$4R]8#9NB-IQ#L%?P3N:+&F3J&E:CMU:A0=




+1\X*

*=_ORU+;5G=()O9F8N!/&F];K?44DNQ



M

CX;]P=-#%:#_[(H?I\;WWNFM_!$<=\_I[E!`M*&?1`]\*<NOPC1Z


MMM].YW+_7VGD*BDIXBD1^%0BP\YMX2J5`_IVKK.W?UX[$WNI]T]F@5^$25

M`18R(L`8F04'?$129:8)
5!6L*?`HD(*(@IBA(*4@HRO(&
(()F?
G
M@BEDJE5CU;'NS?#MY!&+DSM=74-%G6)G6(&5DSXC
2
!(R$C$2
Y(PDC*2
M
9(WB1%MF`[^1+2%#$POL!#5@72AL#)CN5!6MG#7)G6X&5DSXC
2
!(R$C$2
M
Y(PDC*2

M`2
A(Q$C
2
)(RDC&2-YDQ@!@[2\(6#V@R8))Z.%P4KM84^!0$%(041!3$

R1))B)BA4V2D
21UL:3=RJJ!TZ+JFRUO7OZT#7LDBFE@N






M:GG-*W6Z):UTIJ[%$1R

D;Q)S#X0

[DG%;:/




.SD8816Z.&4

9

^(P$G;1#UBYB)&8DZ:2=LG89

M^12B5K-R8.5BA%:J@KZTK483JU-))Z=2U+(ZE:$5.G5A6XTFUYPRQXTX@^H^




RW4M$





O
7_/R\OKB=?G\5HDKW&W*U%@_/3T_K)SUPZ_7U=LN+K)9O2QWLOW;


MU=-]Q3+N+*=Z5;GX\GE_A

M_A'1UF.T2)Y\D7FVMW\)!INSQ]73\M?+;K3^W5P]?_N^D]?[2G8IVK.[QW^=



]U4D7^3*O43J]RDU21/]
=.OVH2*/N
M7Q_Y

2


N
SE



M6:$E6%AF1=
LTG9IEB.T79IG2?;@+?*0H:W

0U=

MI/T8:N6@JF;:)4RGA.F6
'X)TRMA^B7
(&NNM==FR&3$9
PD8#)A$N80K8NG
M3&9

&N0B;6PZ


M


481H)B@




M3Z)G9?)$Z\IZC(KR!(6#PD7AH6B@:*)HH6BCZ*#HHO!1]%#T40Q0#%&
4(Q1

M_8
0V3\MDR+:6Z;U1!7%2$+B;949

FDQ:3-I
.DRZ3'PF
M/29])@
F0R8C)F
F`9
)DY#)E
F
R9S)@HG

M

F
MDQ:3-I
.DRX3GTF/29_)@
F0R8C)F$G`9
(D9#)E
F
R9[)@(H$2]V)!ETF@

0B93
M)C

M
6DP:3)I
6DSZ3#I
O&9])CTF0R8#)F
F(R9!$PF3
*$).\F)'
/U)]G4RXS

MQ67B
6DP:3)I
6DSZ3#I
O&9])CTF0R8#)F
F(R9!$PF3
*$)%
CM9'VE`O
MF


(R\9@T
MF#03$I_7M^G$(?6\;G&=-I
.DRX3GTF/29_)@
F0R8C)F$G`9
(D9#)E
F
R

$BUL2C2E1$M1'25:HH_;.R%:]EQ]
M/\@PJ_J

O&8-)@TF;28M)ETF'29^$QZ8E3^3K_
MZJ)?!@UX94,F(R9C)@&39.0R93)C



0B93)C

(P<9EX3!H)2;NL


F01

F$2
IDRF3&9
UDPD6#!5I)@86.7



M@
F0R8C)F$G`9
(D9#)E
F
R9[)@(OF9X/DQN[A'$*C9HOT3R^XWPIGO\?

M'+3$4__4FS


FDQ:3-I
.DR\1GTF/29S)@
F0R




&DR:
M3%I

ADQ&3
9.`R81)R&3*9
9DSF3!1%(%

X/$Y




FDQ:3-I
.DRZ3'PF/29])@
F0R8C)F
F`9-)
M0N(S4WXQ+.?^0\AEIDQF3.9



M8M+.(1+(F6S!H]?-*:15\9GTF/29#)@

FDQ
M:3/I
.DR\9GTF/29#)@

M&#;%+:GF2S01[P]&


MY@H=)ETF/I

ADQ&3
9.`R81)R&3*9







M20[CY?F-O!*;YV_1_?'X'[OU3SF\E;.OZ]UN_;K_Z_?5\G&UB8#@I_5ZE_Y#
M#O7%[_7FQ_ZE^O)_`0```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`(P/L3$R`0``0`(`




M'YZ&45-E^ET)0*S?3\U]6

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````




M


B=GVJP6`8:)99511<;UR(9F(I!=8!5``;IJFJI59AL:`96-A

51K8%=HL0$CMUQ.KE*CL)P?S3@


=1NRN$-:K


[')=@&

M0\WD


MC-MAD#0[D



;&%0

M#H1




M````````````````0P4``%]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`
^N

M+GAM;YR96QS4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`%)IWGF(```UR8```\`````````

4K8


M(0`UP8)0&@







``-\)```9````````````

M```A`.`IDHJM!```(1

M='








M!@`(````(0XX0HC5@,``*L+```9`````````````````$EI``!X;]W;W)K




MX@(``




M%``&``@````A`
WVW3L*!```M@T``!D`````````````````+)L``'AL+W=O





M971S+W-H965T.#










O

#




M%``&``@````A`(F22PZ&!@``1Q\``!H`````````````````C^P``'AL+W=O



M5QT``!H`````````````````3?












M`````/0


M970Q








M970Q












M970Q
3






C4N

1&F!@``MQH``!D`````````````````
V`@!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T


M:&5E='

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(W+GAM;%!+
M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!EYI(&3`,``+D*```9`````````````````-HI`P!X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

M``#9/0

T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````

M+W-H965T
S




Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`&ENY1/Q```$Q6
M```9`````````````````


M=#$Y+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#D^)I:'B(``'2\```9````````````

U```8````
M`````````````





O




8HKL;0!P``QR$`

M>&PO=V]R:W-H965T

M
3














YX;6Q02P$
M+0`4``8`````$`4UB


U7/:O4`P``(PP``!D`````````````````



M:&5E='



M```





M``8`````$`.;-


M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`/J;05BE(```#K
``!D`````````````````35$%


M?-

M=#4R+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`\;8IJ2RP``*;Y```9````````````









 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_NumberOfCounterparties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_LicenseAgreementRenewalTermOnAchievementOfSpecifiedVolumeThresholdsAndMinimumRoyalties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionOtherRevenuesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansReceivableBasisSpreadOnVariableRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_AgreementTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_NumberOfRenewalOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_AgreementTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_AgreementTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationDuringPhaseOutPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationDuringPhaseOutPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationDuringPhaseOutPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeMaturityDates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnInterestRateDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLowerRemainingMaturityRange1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeHigherRemainingMaturityRange1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeNetHedgeIneffectivenessGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_InternationalOperationsPercentageOfLongLivedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_InternationalSalesPercentageOfNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignEarningsRepatriated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnForeignCurrencyDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyCashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedDuringNext12Months'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_EmployeeCompensationBase'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLowerFixedInterestRateRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeHigherFixedInterestRateRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeMaturityDates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ContingenciesAndCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ContingenciesAndCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_LeaseTermPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ContingenciesAndCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_LeaseTermPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_JointVentureOwnershipPercentageByPartner'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_BusinessDisposalExpectedClosingPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsConvertedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTermAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsConvertedInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePriceOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTermAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_DefinedBenefitPlanExpensesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_DefinedBenefitPlanExpensesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_LineOfCreditFacilityAdditionalBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_QuarterlyInstallmentsOnAmortizingNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_MaximumPermittedLeverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ConsolidatedNetLeverageRatioBeginningWithFifthFullFiscalQuarterAfterInitialFundingMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ConsolidatedNetLeverageRatioForFourFiscalQuartersThereafterMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_IncreaseMaximumPermittedLeverageRatioDueToAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_DebtCovenantPurchaseConsiderationThreshold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ProformaLeverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromAccountsReceivableSecuritization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfAccountsReceivableSecuritization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfCashFlowHedgesOnResultsOfOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyCashFlowHedgeGainLossReclassifiedToEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeGainOrLossReclassifiedToEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_PercentageOfAwardVestingOnFirstAnniversaryOfGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_PercentageOfAwardVestingOnSecondAnniversaryOfGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_PercentageOfAwardVestingOnThirdAnniversaryOfGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteServicePeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_AgeRequirementForVestingProvision'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfDirectorsAndEmployeesImpactedByStockConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardLookbackPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationCashReceivedFromExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationSharebasedArrangementsLiabilityCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationCashFlowEffectCashUsedToSettleAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationShareBasedArrangementsLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardPerformancePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_PayoutRangeCashPerformanceUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsDerivativeInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_DeferredTaxAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_BusinessDisposalExpectedClosingPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatusExtendedAmortizationProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDateFirst'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDateLast'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_QuarterlyFinancialDataLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U.31D-38W85\P,C-E7S0P965?8C0S,%]D.3)A
M8C,Q-&5F96(B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D
M.3)A8C







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H


O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E








O4VAE970Q


M5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS7W=I=&A?36]R;FEN9W-T87)?/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@





3


O4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7

34N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7



M


M+U-H965T
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@


M971S+U-H965T


O4VAE970R
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\


C

O4VAE
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\





M=65N=%]%=F5N='











O4VAE970S
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-




O4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC

O4VAE






T0B5V]R:W-H965T


#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F

O4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7


M
SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC






&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I.
M86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E
M='
O4VAE970T


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-





&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='
#I.86UE/D)U<VEN97-S


M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W5M












O4VAE970U
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\









\





M='

T0B


O4VAE970V
2YH











O4VAE970V-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z

O



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='






M5&%X97-?4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VY?;V8Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC



O4VAE970W



M($A2968]

O




T0B5V]R:W-H


O4VAE970W.2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E









O4VAE970X



M($A2968]

O




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

T0B5V]R:W-H

M9%]#;VUP96YS871I;VY?5V5I9VAT/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H





T0B5V]R

M87-E9%]#;VUP96YS871I;VY?4W5M;6%R

&-E;%=O<FMS










M968]



#I.86UE/E-H87)E0F%S961?0V]M<&5N




T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M;VUP96YS871I;VY?5V5I9VAT





O4VAE970Q




M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q


O4VAE970Q

3`X


#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE
M970Q
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I.
M86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E
M='
O4VAE970Q

3$S+FAT;6PB+SX-














M(#QX.DYA;64^0V]M;6ET;65N='-?86YD7T-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97-?






#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7



O4VAE970Q
C(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE
M970Q
C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

#I.
M86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E
M='
O4VAE970Q

3(W+FAT;6PB+SX-



O4VAE970Q



#I0<F]T96-T
3X-B`@(#QP/E1H:7



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?
M8C0S
%]D.3)A8C

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M86X]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

#$S/&)R/CPO

C`Q
SQB

]



T1T;W`^1&]C


M


]



]
T1T97AT/D1E8R`S

]




3



]

]






]
M
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S




]



M


]

]
M
T1T97AT/B=997



]
T1P

]




]
T1T97AT/B=
87)G

]



]
T1T




]

]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q-&5F96(O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@*%53

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`Q



]


M96EV86)L97


]






M:60@97AP96YS97



BPR-3


M-#4V+#(R


]


M-C(T+#8T

]

M86QI9VX]

T1T;W`^5&]T86P@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@



]
M









]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P
#QS

]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C
X-BPT


C(L




]



]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L



M9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@*$YO=&4@
M



]
M

]




M

M='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R



]




]
T1N


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-RPV




]
T1N=6UP/C(L



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N



]



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(S

]

@0B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^

]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR
M86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U
M-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B

M965T
#

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5
5T%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@











M97



]






]
T1N=6UP/C$W







]



#QS

]

@02!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]





#$\








]
T1N=6UP/C$W

C
L
#`P+#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N
M('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T



]


]
T1R93X-


]
T1N=6UP/C$W-2PP
#`L




]

M;7`^

#`L



]
T1N=6UP/C$U

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?
M9#DR86(S


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4







]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q



]


\






]


#8S/'-P

3`Y
M+#4Q



]



BPU-#(L
M

M;7`^
BPR.#DL-#


BPP





]

]
M
T1N=6UP/CDP-RPT


#




]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C




]




]
T1N=6UP/C0Y
BPQ




M

]
T1T97AT



]









]
T1N=6UP/CDL

]
T1N

]


]
T1N=6UP/CDL

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$T
RPR


M

M;7`^
38V+#0R


]



]
T1R974^


]
T1N=6UP/CDY+#`T








T1T;W`^26YC;VUE



M


]


]

@871T


]
T1N=6T^*#$L




@0V]M


M(#$Q




]
T1T97AT




M+#$R

]
T1N=6UP/C$U



]
T1N=6UP/C$U
RPW-S`L

M;7`^
34P+#`P


]



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@






]


M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N
#0I/'-P

]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E
M7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13




]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P





]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3`L.#0U/'-P




DL(0U
#8@86YD(0X-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

2PP



]



S$V*2P@)#(X-B!A;F0@*0Q,S0I/]T9#X-B`@(`@





I+!N970@;V8@=&%X/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$R
RPV






2PR-SDI/'-P

38L

]


C(L


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q-&5F



]







]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]



]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&%X(&5F9F5C=!O;B!#:&%N9V4@:6X@;6EN:6UU

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`V/'-P86X^


T1T;W`^




S0I


M-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C


M(&-O;G1E;G0]






]
T1T:#Y#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@+2!#





M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG(&)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]
T1T97AT




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]


]
T1T



]

M95=A=F4@1F]O9'


]



]


]



]






]
T1T







]


]



T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92!A='1R
M:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@;F]N+6-O;G1R;VQL:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@



]





]




]
T1T




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^







]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T


M=')U;65N='

]




]
T1T







]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P







]


]
T1R

S$L(#(P



]





]



M($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]





]
T1N=6UP/C$L



T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN

#$Q/]T9#X-B`@


]
M





]
T1N=6UP/C$Q





]




T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN($1E
M86X@1F]O9'

]



]
T1N=6T^*#@U


]




]



]



M8VL@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!I;FET:6%L('!U8FQI8R!O9F9E



C




]



]
T1R

L

]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#`P
M

]
M










]





T1T;W`^0V]N

]
M


#`P+#`P




]




]



]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]

]
M




]








]
T1T







]





]




]
T1T97AT



]
M



]
T1P




]
M



3`L

]
M



]



T1T;W`^16YD:6YG(&)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(S


]



3@L




S$L(#(P
3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/C$U

]





]
T1N=6UP
M/CDY+#`T


]







]




]



C8S/'-P


]
T1N=6UP

]
M




\

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]



]



]
T1R93X-


]







T1T;W`^0V%N8V5L;&%T:6]N(&]F('-H87)E


]




]


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-A;F-E;&QA=&EO;B!O9B!S:&%R97


]
T1N=6T^*#8Y



]



]
T1R;SX-





]
M




]

M:R!I;G1O($-L87-S($$@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(A.;W1E(#$I+!S:&%R97
\

]
M
T1N=6T^*#8W+#DQ
RPS

#@V+#`P



]



]



]




2PP





]

2PP




]




]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#4Q+#`Q


]




]

@
M870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$W


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D
M-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C



M='`M97%U:78]

]



]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$T+#DW




]














]
T1N


]
T1N=6UP/C8W+#DY


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$X
M+#DS


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
#

M;7`^
BPU
3





]
T1N=6UP/C@L-C$W/'-P86X^

BPS-C$\




]



]


]
M


]
T1N=6T^*#




T1T;W`^3W1H97(\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C
L
3
Q/'-P86X^

2PV
3@\





]
M



M96EV86)L97

]
T1N=6T^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





]


M/3-$;G5M/B@R+#DU



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


]




]
T1R974^#0H@


3@T
M+#DT


@+2!D:7-C;VYT:6YU960@;W!E

]





M
C
V+#4R




M/B@Q



]



T1T
M;W`^4')O8V5E9'



]
T1R


]






M97


]



]





]




]

]


#`L
#`P/'-P86X^


]



]






3



T1T;W`^4F5P87EM



]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N=!O9B!C87!I=&%L(&QE87-E(&]B;&EG871I;VYS





3DL


]


]


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O


T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='
@9F]R


]




]




]


T1T


]




]
T1N=6T^*#$Q-BPY-S0I/'-P86X^



M:65S(T@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]





]
M






M='


M


]



]











]
T1N=6UP/C0W+#`V


]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#0R


]


]


]










]






]

]
T1T



]









]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ-34L
#`P/'-P










#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


]


T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X)SX\:2!S='EL93TS

'!X


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




1494.B`S
7!X.R!-05)'

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/CQE;3Y7





M3F]R=&@F(WA!

#M3:6QK


L#0H@
M86YD)B-X03`[2&]R:7IO;@T*($]R9V%N:6
F(WA!




M;G0M8F%S960@9F]O9'
@86YD#0H@8F5V97)A9V5S(&EN8VQU9&4F(WA!
#M!


M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/CQB/CQI




C`Q1#LI('=A


40[*2X@4')I;W(@

@86YD#0H@;&EA8FEL:71I97




T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF




@



T1J=7-T

@3F5W(%)O



M;VUM:7-S:6]N(&]N($]C=&]B97(F(WA!
#LR-BP-B`R,#$R(AT:&4@)B-X
M





M34%21TE.+51/4#H@


@9G)O;0T*($1E86X@1F]O9'
F(W@R




T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/D]N($]C=&]B97(F(WA!
#LU+`R,#$R+!75T8@



M5&AE(&YO=&5S(&AA9!V87)I;W5S(&UA='5R:71Y(&1A=&5S(&)E9VEN;FEN
M9R!I;@T*($]C=&]B97(@,C`Q,R!A;F0@8V]N=&EN=6EN9R!U;G1I;!-87D@
M


M:#TS1#$P
4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^


T0R/B8C







@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W




M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M



T1T;W`@=VED=&@]


M97

BPP-#4L
#`P+#`P
`T*('-H

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K













#`P+#`P




M1#$P
4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/&9O

M3TY4+49!34E


M


F4],T0R/D]N($]C=&]B97(F(WA!,#LS,2P@,C`Q,BP@=V4@8V]M<&QE
M=&5D(&]U<B!I;FET:6%L('!U8FQI8PT*(&]F9F5R:6YG(&%N9!S;VQD(#(S
M+#`P





M3TQ





T1T
M;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T












M86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D
M97(]

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M.B`G5&EM97

C`R
CL\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$


M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@/'`@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M3VX@3F]V96UB97(F(WA!




M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M



T1T;W`@=VED=&@]








T0R/CQB


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M:71E5V%V92!W87



M1@T*($]P8V\@9F]R(&%L;!P97)I;V1S('!R97-E;G1E9X\+V5M/CPO9F]N

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q

4
[52Y3+B!'04%0)B-X


M='




T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T




M
#LS
2P@
C`Q
BP@;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA;F-I86P-B!S=&%T

C`Q.3L@8V]N

M97)A=&EO;G









M9VX]

M97


L('-U
M8V@@87





M:&4@8V]S='






3(@
M=&\-B!T:&4@9&%T92!O9B!O=7(@:6YI=&EA;!P=6)L:6

M*'=H:6-H(&EN8VQU9&5S#0H@)#$W+C4F(WA!
#MM:6QL:6]N(&]F('1R86YS


M9`T*($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P

M=&EO;G


M:61A=&5D('-T871E;65N='

M87-S:69I960@87

4




@



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







@=&AA
M=!M87D-B!H879E(&)E96X@:6YC=7)R960@:68@=V4@:&%D(&)E96X@82!S


@=V5R92!O


@;6%D92!I;B!C97)T86EN#0H@87)E87







C`Q.3L@
M;F5T(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@8F%L86YC92!R97!R97-E;G1E9!T:&4-B!C=6UU


@86YD#0H@8V]N




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-
M05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
F4],T0R/CQE;3Y792!W97)E(&%L;&]C871E9!A('!O<G1I
















M:61A=&5D('-T871E;65N='


4

C`Q1#L@86YD($YO
M=&4@

C`Q0SM396=M96YT+`T*($=E;V=R87!H:6



M3BU
1494.B`S
7!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL

F4],T0R/CQE;3Y/;B!-87DF(WA!,#LR,RP@
M,C`Q,RP@1&5A;B!&;V]D<R!D:7-T<FEB=71E9`H=&AE#0H@)B-X
C`Q0SM$




#`-B!S:&%R97,@;V8@;W5R($-L87-S($(@8V]M
M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64@)#`N

M(W@R
#%#.T-L87-S($(@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K)B-X

@








T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT



M9'
@8V]N=F5R=&5D(#@R+#`X-BPP
#`-B!S:&%R97,@;V8@;W5R($-L87-S
M($(@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&EN=&\@.#(L,#@V+#`P,!S:&%R97
@;V8@;W5R

F(WA!



M+#`P

@;V8@;W5R($-L87-S#0H@0B!C;VUM


@;V8@;W5R($-L87-S





1494.B`S
7!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#(P



C`Q.3MS($-L87-S)B-X

3
L
S$P('-H




M34%21TE.+51/4#H@




F(WA!


F(WA!

#(P
M





V5?
M-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B





]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#





T1T;W`^









2!A
M8V-O=6YT<R!A;F0@=')A;G-A8W1I;VYS+B!/=7(-B!F;W)M97(@:6YV97-T


@86QS;R!C;VYS


@;F]T

4

M



@87)E(&-O;G-I9&5R960@


@






@;V8@8V]N=&EN9V5N


M97)E;G0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@


T0R/CQB/CQI




M86-C;W5N='

M:71H#0H@86X@;W)I9VEN86P@;6%T=7)I='D@;V8@=&AR964@;6]N=&AS(&]R


M1494.B`R)3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M26YV96YT;W)I97







7!X







M

05!313H@8V]L


M('=I9'1H/3-$-#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3

T1N;W=R87`^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

#MY


M;G0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/C
@=&\@

\+V9O;G0^

T1B;W1T;VT^


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
96%S96AO;&0-B!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',\+V9O;G0^/]P



M='



M960@87
@9V]O9'=I;&PN($=O;V1W:6QL(&%N9`T*('1R861E;6%R:W
@=VET






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q

M3E0M4TE:13H@


T0V.4@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-S@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&:6YI


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




T0R/CQE;3Y);B!A8V-O


L('=E(&1O






T0R/CQE;3Y!




@:&%D(&$@






T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT
F4]
M







M9'5R:6YG(#(P
3
L(#(P
3(L(&]R(#(P
3$N/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*








@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE


M(&%C=&EV:71I97

C`Q

3(@;W(@
C`Q
2X@4V5E($YO=&4@
M
R`F(W@R

N)B-X
M

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






F(W@R
#$Y


N#0H@169F96-T



@

M(WA!


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
@86YD(')E8V]G;FEZ92!C:&%N9V5S

M;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2X@5&AE(&9U;F1E9!S=&%T=7
@
M:7

-B!T:&4@9&EF9F5R96YC92!B971W965N('1H92!F
M86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S(&%N9!B96YE9FET#0H@;V)L:6=A


@82!C;VUP;VYE;G0@;V8@;F5T('!E






M97

M87

@86YD



M86ER('9A;'5E('=I=&@@9V%I;G


M871E;65N='
@;V8-B!C87-H(&9L;W=S+!D97)I=F%T:79E(&%C=&EV:71I
M97








M:71E;7


M;G



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



@;V8@;W5R(#(P
3(@

C`F(WA!


F(WA!










@=VAO(&%R92!E;7!L;WEE97
I+`T*(&YO;BUE;7!L;WEE





M(&]P=&EO;B!A=V%R9'
@:7
@97-T:6UA=&5D(&%T('1H92!D871E(&]F(&=R
M86YT('5S:6YG('1H90T*($)L86-K+5-C:&]L97
@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&UO9&5L

@




M(&%N9!I;B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I=&@@;W5R(&EN:71I86P-B!P=6)L:6
@




M






@8F5E;B!R969L96-T960@:6X@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W


M;G1E9!T;R!O=7(@96UP;&]Y965S+!B=70@;6%Y#0H@;F]T(')E9FQE8W0@




@


M#0H@96UP;&]Y965S(&%F=&5R(&-O;7!L971I;VX@;V8@;W5R(&EN:71I86P@

#L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU<W1I9GD^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
$$P.S(S+`R






@

@



M86X@1F]O9'

@969F96-T
M960@8F%S960@;VX@82!F;W)M=6QA('5S:6YG('1H92!V;VQU;64@=V5I9VAT

@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K


@=V5R92!C;VYV97)T960@=&\@5VAI=&57
M879E(%)357

M86QU92!O9B!E86-H(&]U='-T86YD:6YG($1E86X@1F]O9'

M($1E86X@1F]O9'





@87
@9&5S8W)I8F5D(&%B;W9E*2X@1&5A;B!&;V]D


F(WA!

M:2DF(WA!



@;V8@;W5R($-L87-S)B-X03`[


M:R!A=V%R9'

@

4


40[/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CX\:3Y2979E
M;G5E#0H@4F5C;V=N:71I;VXL(%-A;&5S($EN8V5N=&EV97
@86YD(%1R861E






@82!R
M96%S;VYA8FQE#0H@87-S=7)A;F-E(&]F(&-O;&QE8W1I;VX@;V8@=&AE('-A



@:6YC;'5D92!R96)A

M;G










T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-
M05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q



@8F%S




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CX\:3Y296QA=&5D#0H@4&%R='D@4V%L97
@



M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!4



C`Q



@



N($1U




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT
F4]
M









T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@








@86YD('!R;V1U8W0@;&]A9&EN9R!A;F0@:&%N



30N
2!M:6QL:6]N+!A;F0@
M)#$W,2XY(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X-B`R
#$S+`R,#$R+!A;F0@
C`Q



7!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-

T1J=7-T












T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q



T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
B4[($U!4D=)3BU4





M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$







M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`R)3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


2P@
M87-S971S(&%N9!L:6%B:6QI=&EE<R!O9B!T:&4@9F]R96EG;B!S=6)S:61I
M87)I97

M:71E;7



M8W1I;VX@9V%I;G




I(')E9FQE8W1S('1H





T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@

M86QI9VX]










M(&]F(&)E:6YG(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN#0H@=&AE($1E86X@1F]O9'
F(W@R
#$Y
M.R!5+E


M)B-X
C`Q.3L@;F5T(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@:6X@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y
M.W

@



M;F-O;64@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%R92!P86ED(&)Y('1H92!#;VUP86YY






#LS
2P@
C`Q
M


3(S




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M9&5D(&EN('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
-




@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@




M9VX]








@;W(@;&ET:6=A=&EO

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
B4[($U!4D=)3BU4


T0R/CQB/CQI/E)E8V5N=`T*($%C8V]U;G1I




N($%352`R

!B96YE9FET+!O<B!A#0H@<&]R=&EO;B!O9B!A

L(&]R

M8V5P=&EO;G
N($%352`R


M




T0R/CQE;3Y)

M
3
M

M92!R96QE87-E(&]F('1H92!C=6UU;&%T:79E('1R86YS;&%T:6]N(&%D:G5S
M=&UE;G0N#0H@05-5(#(P
3
M
#4@:7


#LQ






3
L('1H

@









#$S+B!3964@3F]T
#(P,40[($]T:&5R('1H86X@=&AE#0H@861D:71I;VYA;!D

@

M;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA;F-I86P-B!S=&%T96UE;G1S+CPO96T^


T1J


T0R/CQE;3Y);B!*=6QY(#(P


M=&5S=&EN9R!I;F1E9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&9O

@96YT:71I97








M97(F(WA!
#LQ-2P@
C`Q

M;6ET=&5D+B!792!A9&]P=&5D('1H:7

@;V8@2F%N=6%R

3

M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO9&EV/CQS







]
M


T1T



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H



M.B`G5&EM97

3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L




C`Q





M9V5M96YT)B-X





@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&AE



M3TY4+49!34E

M;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET






@:&5L9!F;W(-B!S





M;F0@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@=V%S(&1E=&5R;6EN960@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE



T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N
M;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N









$$P.S,Q
M+`R



M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X)SX-B`\:2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(&UE



'!X)SX-B`F(WA!,#L\+VD^
M/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]
3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT




M34E


M(\^#0H@:6YC=7)R960F(WA!,#MA;F0\8G(@+SX-B!C:&%R9V5D('1O/&)R



M8B@P+#`L




C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,!A;&EG;CTS

63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M
3XF(WA!



M86QI9VX]


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C8S

T0G



M9V(H


M9V(H


#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*



1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXS+#



M.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXS+#
P-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M



M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/



M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B





M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R




T0R/E1H
M97-E#0H@8F%L86YC97
6UE;G1S

3(@

#(S95\T
&5E
M7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B
S$T969E8B]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES





]





]

3$


M3TY4+49!34E

M;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET
6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


4
[36]R;FEN9W-T87(F(W@R



RP@
M
C`Q

@;F\@;&]N9V5R



@86YD('=I



M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M)R!S:7IE/3-$


@

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






M86YU87)Y)B-X03`[
RP@
C`Q

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+51/4#H@

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;#L@0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


T0G

CX\8CX\


M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;#L@0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


T0G

CY);B!C



@;V8@8V5R=&%I



M(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q






M=7
N(%1H92!N970@969F96-T(&]F('1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0@:7

M=&5D(&%S#0H@=')A;G-I=&EO;F%L('-A;&5S(&9E97
@;V8@)#$N-2!M:6QL

@=')A;G-I=&EO;B!W87



3)P



M92UW:61T:#H@




M='









M('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q

3







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]



M34E

M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`V

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T






M=!V96YT=7)E(&]P97)A=&EO;G,@9'5R:6YG('1H90T*(&9O=7)T:!Q=6%R
M=&5R(&]F(#(P


#$Q+B!!=`T*('1H92!E;F0@;V8@
C`Q

M;G0@=F5N='5R92!W:6YD(&1O=VX@=V%S(&-O;7!L971E9X-B!/=7(@2&5R



M(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!






M(')G8B@P+#`L




T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

3X\8CXH26X-

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.





T0Q/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





@

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$


M


CY);F-O;64@*&QO







M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@U
#
\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C(L

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXH




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/B@Q-BPU-3`\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q
F4],T0R/D1U<FEN9R`R,#$R(&%N9`R

2X@07,@
M<&%R=!O9B!T:&4-B!J;VEN=!V96YT=7)E('=I;F0@9&]W;B!I;B`R
#$R








M26X@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(P




M(&]N('-A;&4@;V8@4F%C:&5L)B-X
C`Q.3MS+B!4:&5S92!H879E(&)E96X@

M97)A=&EO;G

M=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

7!X.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q

!P;W-I=&EO;BX@5&AI<R!H87


C-E7S0P965?
M8C0S
%]D.3)A8C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H



@3F5W

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


G!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0

M+49!34E

M;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E

T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!



M;'-P86X]

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M97(F(WA!
#LS
2P\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M/3-$


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!





1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!4



M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXY
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@





T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!



M

]


C-E7S0P965?
M8C0S
%]D.3)A8C

T0G=&5X




M


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]


]
T1R;SX-


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M

M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(




M


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@)U1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[($9/3E0M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U3
M4$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]21U34$%#


M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@






M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

3X\8CXR
M
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T





63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


3XF
M(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
X


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C0Y+#


\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C8Y-BPU
3


M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S


63H@






M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$P+#$S



@3F5W


M3TY4+49!34E



T0C



M5&EM97



CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXR.2PT-S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





T0G34%21TE.+4Q%

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97








M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


T1B;W1T





M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


T1J=7-T:69Y

63H@


151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M5&EM97

M96YS92!W87

#$S+`R,#$R+!A;F0@
C`Q




M=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M

CY&
M;W(@
C`Q
R!A;F0-B`R,#$R+!W92!C87!I=&%L:7IE9`D,XX(&UI;&QI



@:6YC;'5D960@87



M-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5-13X-





]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S
M971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=CX-B`\



M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M.B`G5&EM97



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`V


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@3F5W



Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@)U1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[($9/3E0M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U3
M4$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]21U34$%#


M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ


T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF







M




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY4;W1A;#PO8CX\+V9O

T0Q


M34E

T0Q/CQB/BA);@T*('1H

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*
F4],T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@870-B!*86YU87)Y)B-X03`[
2P@
M
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M-C`P+#


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C$V
BPP


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXW-C(L
S



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C






3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T



#LS
2P@
M
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M-C`P+#


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C






3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T



#LS
2P@
M
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M-C`P+#


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C$W
BPP


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXW-S(L



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



'!X.R!&












C`Q
RP@
C`Q
BP@;W(-B`R,#$Q+CPO9F]N=#X\+VD^/]P


T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-0
M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)



M;6]U;G0@86YD(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!O=7(@:6YT

M8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P


M0TE.1SH@

M


T0T
B4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^






7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]


M.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O

T0Q


7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]




C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L

M97

MB!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B!R9V(H



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

3X\


T0Q/B8C

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

3X\

M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0R

M34E

T0Q/CQB/BA);@T*('1H

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*
F4],T0R/DEN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S('=I=&@-B!I;F1E
M9FEN:71E(&QI=F5S.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


63H@)U1I;65S


T0G5D525$E#04PM

M


T0G


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






M1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0Q

M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T




M




M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXS
M.2PR
C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXR
2PS.34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




@3F5W(%)O;6%N





T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/CDV.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF





M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L












T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C
X.2PS


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXH



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C
W
RPV-C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M




T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



W!X(&1O=6)L

M9VX]


M



T0G0D]2




M;&4]





PP*2`P+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@
'!X.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@.'!X.R!724142#H@


63H@)U1I


M+#`I.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T0Q






T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-0
M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)




65A<G
@:7
@87
@9F]L

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[($9/3E0M5D%224%.
M5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2
M33H@;F]N93L@5T]21U34$%#24Y'.B`P<'@[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!N;W)M
M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO:3X\+W`^




M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$





M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0Q


T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97

C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C`Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E

O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3





]

]

<^/&D@<W1Y
M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%


M($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@


@3F5W(%)O

-B!P87EA8FQE(&%N9!A8V-R=65D

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
M
2P-B`R,#$S(&%N9`R



63H@)U1I


M+#`I.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0V(&%L

M97

#LS
2P\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M9VX]

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M





@3F5W

C
T+#0V


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$W
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF




T0Q/B8C



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0Q




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
2`H3F]T92`Q,BD\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@


M97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\




@3F5W



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(Y
M-2PX-C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



W!X(&1O=6)L

M9VX]


M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q-&5F96(O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]
<^/&D@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%

M24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4





M)B-X
C`Q.3L@52Y3+B!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9F5D97)A;!I;F-O;64-B!T


@:6X@
<^#0H@/&D@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I
M=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))
M04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&




T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-0
M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S('!R

RXS(&UI;&QI;VX@;V8@;F5T#0H@9&ES=')I

@=&\@97%U

M97)S)B-X

M9&5D(&EN('1H90T*($1E86X@1F]O9'
F(W@R
#$Y.R!5+E
N(&-O;G-O;&ED

F
M(W@R

#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E)R!A;&EG

T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N
M;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4

@3F5W(%)O

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


T0G0D]21$52+4-/

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

T0V
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^









7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]



M9V(H

M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF





M


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C$Y+#DU-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C@L



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M


#L\




M:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M24%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[($9/3E0M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N
M93L@5T]21U34$%#24Y'.B`P<'@[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[($-/
M3$]2.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO:3X\+W`^#0H@/'1A




M
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0Q


Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

MB`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#$^/&(^
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3X\8CXR






M34E

T0Q/CQB/C(P


+4%
24=..B!B87-E;&EN93L@4$]3251)3TXZ





M/3-$
3`@86QI9VX]





65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M

T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT
F4],T0R/D9E9&5R
M86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
T


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C0U+#$R


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3=&%T93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97


63H@)U1I;65S




T0R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

BPP.#(\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP




M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PU-S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E




T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M97


T0Q/B8C






3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(X+#DU-#PO9F]N=#X\


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXH
2PY.3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I

T0R/BDF(WA!



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

T1T;W`^


@3F5W



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H




M;&4]

M
CY4;W1A;!I;F-O;64@=&%X#0H@97AP96YS93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M

CXD

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!



#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$U-G!X)SX-B`\:2!S='EL

M



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT



M;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@/'`@86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;'5D97
@)#`N
2!M:6QL:6]N(&EN(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92!R96QA
M=&5D('1O#0H@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G

T0G

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3E0M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4

151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M






T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[


M4$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$

T0P/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^









7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LR
#$S)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M






T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE








T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\

M



M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!



M/3-$


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B@S+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/BDE
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




@3F5W



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

XP/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY5+E

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXH

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/BDE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/B@Q+C@\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97





T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

F4]


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B4I)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#L\
F4],T0R/DYO;B!D961U8W1I8FQE#0H@=')A;G-A8W1I
M;VX@8V]S=',\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



XP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXE
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B@P+C8\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/BDE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/D5F9F5C=&EV92!T87@-B!R871E/]F;VYT/CPO



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C
P+CD\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L



T0G0D]21$52





M




M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M

M

M+49!34E

M;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;F-L=61E(&%M;W5N='

M1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

M='
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D
M:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[($9/3E0M5D%2
M24%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3
M1D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]21U34$%#24Y'.B`P<'@[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!N
M;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO:3X\

05!313H@8V]L;&%P


M9'1H/3-$-CDE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T




7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR



M

63H@

T0Q/CQB/C(P

M/3-$)U9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B87-E;&EN93L@4$]3251)3TXZ(')E;&%T






63H@)U1I


M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*


1494.B`S
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PV
S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXV+#4W.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D





M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY$97)I=F%T:79E#0H@:6YS=')U;65N='
\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M+49!34E




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R



M97



T0R

M;W(]



@3F5W

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0L
30P

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




@3F5W(%)O




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M






M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY/=&AE




T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T





M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT






M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@


7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D1E9F5R

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97





T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97



T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/B@Q
#@L

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF





M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!






M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



2PU-C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q







7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

F4],T0R/DYE=!D969E<G)E9!I;F-O;64@=&%X#0H@;&EA8FEL:71Y/]F

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



@3F5W

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXH
3DW+#(T

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L




M;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO:3X\

05!313H@8V]L;&%P


T1T;W`@=VED
M=&@]


3XH


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE





T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0Q/B@R*3PO9F]N






M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



CY4:&4@;F5T#0H@

M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(



#L\

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@



M
T0Q/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N

@

C`Q



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

3X\8CXR
#$R
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
C$L



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXH
C
W

$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B@R
3@L


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@R
3$L
M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B




#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.









M;&EE=F4@:70@:7




M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($9/3E0M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4

151415(M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@

M.B!R9V(H




63H@)U1I;65S


M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M




M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/C(P
M
3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!




I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@3F5W




M/3-$
CY);F-R96%S97

M('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXW-S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S


M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M5&EM97



M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T





T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97



T0R



T0R
M/BDF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B@Q+#
Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@Q+#$W

M86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T1B

S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
BPU-S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L



T0G0D]21$52





M




M+51/4#H@

M5&EM97

3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CY4:&4@861D:71I;VYS#0H@=&\@

#$S
&EN9R!A=71H




T1J=7-T:69Y/CQI('-T

63H@)U1I;65S


M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@

M8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
M
3
L#0H@)#
0T*(&-H86YG97
@=&\@;W5R

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.








M



#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN


M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!#


M+49!34E


@






M
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S

O4VAE970Q


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]

G($1E8G0\


]
T1R



]




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CXQ
2X@1&5B=`T*(&%N9!!;&QO8V%T960@4&]R=&EO
M;B!O9B!$96%N($9O;V1S)B-X,C`Q.3L@1&5B=#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]I/CPO

'!X.R!&3TY4



M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


30@
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


Q
M+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT






T0Q/CQB
M/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

@3F5W(%)O

C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M:6YG/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




T0Q

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]

M
3X\8CY!;6]U;G0\8G(@+SX-B!O=71S=&%N9&EN9SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T




T0G1D].

3X\8CYR871E
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY3

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M






T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXH
34L

M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E1O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E




63H@)U1I;65S($YE





M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]




T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG


'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%



M

M=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
R4@86QI9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



;V%N($$M
2P@86YD


M3E0M4TE:13H@





'!X


T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(
M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$






L('1H92!S=6)S








@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D






@87)E(&=U87)A


M92!O9B!


Q+`R,#$S+!W92!W97)E(&EN#0H@8V]M




M/3-$

Q+`R,#$S+!W92!H860@;W5T



`T*(&UI;&QI;VX@




S$L#0H@
M
C`Q

V
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/E1O=&%L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@



M

63H@


#M
;V%N
M)B-X03`[02TR/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M

M9VX]






T1B








M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

T1T;W`^


@3F5W

C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\




T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

BPU
#`\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


#PO



@

BPU
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$X
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
F4],T0R/E1H97)E869T97(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^


M5&EM97

C
U+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T

M

CXF
M(W@R


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C
U
M+#`P





M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R




T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@

C0W+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C$W-RPV-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L



T0G



T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ



C`@)B-X
C`Q0SM3=6)S97%U96YT($5V



@9F%C:6QI='D@:6X@

#(P

M870@82!R871E(&]F($Q)0D]2('!L=7
@
BXP
4F(WA!,#MP97(-B!A;FYU
M;2X@5V4@8V%P:71A;&EZ960@)#
N

M;F%N8VEN9R!F965S+`T*('=H:6-H(&%R92!B96EN9R!A;6]R=&EZ960@;W9E


@:6X@;W5R(&-O;G-O

30L(&EN


M('-W:6YG(&QI;F4@;&]A;G


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^07



4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M;&EO;B!O9B!L971T97)S(&]F(&-R961I=!A;F0@=7`@=&\-B`D.#4@;6EL




T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


M
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/FUA='5R:71Y(&]N($]C=&]B97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q-R!F;W(@



BP@
C`R
2!F;W(@

SL\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/]T

<^#0H@)B-X03`[

T0U)3X\9F]N


M=6%R=&5R;'D@:6YS=&%L;&UE;G1S#0H@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!A;6]U
M;G1S(&]N('1H92`D
C4P)B-X03`[;6EL;&EO;B!T97)M(&QO86X@02TQ#0H@

M;VX@:6X@
C`Q-2!A;F0@

M:6QI='DL(0R+C4@;6EL;&EO;B!I;@T*(#(P,30@=&AR;W5G:`R
#$Y('=I

30-B!T:')O=6=H(#(P,C`@=VET:!T:&4@
<^#0H@)B-X03`[
M/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]
3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`R
M
CL\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
24^

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF








T0G0D]21$52+4-/

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

#(P,C([/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(#QP(&%L:6=N

63H@)U1I;65S




<^#0H@

T0U




M93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
T0P/@T*

3XF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]

@

C`R
CL\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$


M9G0^#0H@/'`@86QI9VX]

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






M:6%T97


M4BU#3TQ




M
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

C4@
M=&\@
2XP

#`@=&\@
2XP

#LS
2P@
C`Q-2!A;F0@

M92!S=6-H(')A=&EO(&)Y(#`N-3`@=&\@
2XP
P@8G5T#0H@;F]T('1O(&5X
M8V5E9`T+C4P('1O(#$N




RXP

M+49!34E

T0R/E1H92!A8W%U






M;BX@069T97(@9VEV:6YG#0H@969F96-T('1O('1H92!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;BP@
M=&AE(&]U='-T86YD:6YG('!R:6YC:7!A;!A;6]U;G0@;V8-B!B;W)R;W=I


Q+`R,#$T+!W97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
@*&EN#0H@=&AO=7-A



M:#TS1#$P
4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
S0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M9V(H
$$P.TQO
M86XF(WA!,#M!+3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M
$$P.TQO86XF
M(WA!,#M!+3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

$$P.TQO86XF(WA!
M,#M!+3,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C8L
M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ.PW-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXU+#`P
#PO


M9VX]



M:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R






M/3-$
CXR

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97






@

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA





CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXQ.34L


T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXR+#4P


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

C`Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


30[


T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXR+#4P
#PO9F]N



@3F5W

#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


M


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXR
S4L
#`P
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXT-S4L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M


M


M


CY4;W1A;!O=71S
M=&%N9&EN9PT*(&1E8G0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$L


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C(S-RPU
#`\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M
#LF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M
#LF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T










M='






M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

C`Q




M8VEP86YT(&EN('1H92!$96%N($9O;V1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S('-E8W5R:71I

$$P.S
Q+`T*(#(P
M

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

3AP

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
2!A
M;F0@
C`Q
0T*(&5Q=6EV86QE

3

M:61I87)I97



[
3`F(WA!
M


M8VEL:71Y('5P;VX@;6%T=7)I='D@;VX@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
<^#0H@/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CX\8CX\:3Y!;&QO8V%T960@4&]R=&EO;B!O9B!$96%N($9O;V1S
M)B-X



63H@

T0R/D]N($IU;'DF(WA!

3
N
B!M:6QL:6]N(&EN
M(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P










'0O:'1M



]







T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CX\96T^

MB!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N=',@86YD($9A:7(@5F%L=64-B!-96%S






Q
M+`R,#$R+!$96%N($9O;V1S(&YO=F%T960@=&\@=7
@8V5R=&%I;B!O9B!I
M='


S$L
M(#(P











@;V8@=&AE(&EN=&5R97-T#0H@

@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
M
C`Q

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@

3$%0

T0P

M/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#,U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#(X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`@


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T


I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ


T0R/C(N-S4E('1O(#
N



63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY-87)C:`S,2P@,C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



@87)E



@=V5R92`D
RXT(&UI
M;&QI;VX@9F]R('1H90T*('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
M
C`Q

M


M871E;65N='





'!X.R!415A4+4E.



@8F5C;VUE('5N
M86)L92!T;R!F=6QF:6QL#0H@=&AE:7(@;V)L:6=A=&EO;BP@=V4@;6%Y(&QO



#%#.VYO;BU'
M34\F(W@R




L
M(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!U=&EL:71I97







M='









L#0H@9G)O;2!T:6UE('1O('1I;64@


@9F]R





@86X@87-S970@;W(@;&EA8FEL








#$S(&%N9`R
M,#$R(&ES(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN#0H@=&AE('1A8FQE(&)E;&]W+CPO96T^/]F






1494.B`R)3L@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@




63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^3W5R(&EN=&5R;F%T:6]N

M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3











M;VYS+B!4:&5R92!W87






2!M:6QL:6]N('1O(&UI=&EG871E('!O=&5N=&EA

M(&UO8FEL:7IE('1H97-E(&9U;F1S+B!4:&5S92!D97)I=F%T:79E#0H@:6YS
M=')U;65N='



@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D
M#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q

@=V5R92!S

-

M9`T*(&1O97
@;F]T(&-H86YG92!O=7(@
C`Q



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q

M

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\





M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]





M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


B!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\:3Y$



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M#0H@8V]N=')A8W1S)B-X03`[)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!







30[)B-X03`[)B-X


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M9VX]




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C8S-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4]
M,T0R/C0X.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

F4]
T0Q




M




T0R/C$L


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G



@;F]T#0H@


M

T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


T0R/DEN=&5R97-T(')A


M=#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

+4%
24=.

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



M


M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B




T0R/C$X+#(V
CPO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.


T0R/DEN=&5R

30[)B-X03`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M0T%
+4%


F4]
M


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF








7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
#`P(#%P
!S

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


2PQ-C(\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




T0R/B8C



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T





T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#`P
M





@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S('1H870@:&%V



M;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='


T0G0D]21$52+4-/

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XH
M
BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F





T0X-4@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-S0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@


#`P
#`P

T0Q
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0Q
M/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3$\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!




M=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
F4],T0R/C,U.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@S,C`\+V9O;G0^/]T


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!


3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




F4]
M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-
MB`\<!S='EL93TS1=-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`R<'@[($)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D
M97(]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$







2XR












T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X\9F]N

M1#(^3&5V96P@


M;W(@:61E;G1I8V%L#0H@:6YS=')U;65N='

N

7!X.R!-

M

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]






4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(W@R
#(R.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\









@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET



T0V-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\





M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L)B-X03`[
C`Q



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G


B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY
979E;`R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY


T0Q


30@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E



M
C`Q-#LF(WA!

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





F4]
M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





30[)B-X03`[





M86QI9VX]





M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M





1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
:6%B:6QI='DF(WA!
#LF(W@R




F4],T0R/C0T+#DR,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.R8C




M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

M;2!N;W=R87`]



M86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0Q/CQB/D9A:7(-B!V86QU93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H@/&9O;G0@


M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L#0H@
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M93TS1#$^/&(^3&5V96P@
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P
M86X]


I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


#LF(W@R





T1B;W1T

M




M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD)B-X
M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-






M5#H@

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M9VX]




M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
M:6%B:6QI='DF(WA!
#LF(W@R





T1B




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU



@86YD('1H92!F;W)W87)D



@:7
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&YO=&EO;F%L(&%M;W5N='
@






@86YD






@;V8@=')A9&4@
M86-C;W5N='



@;VX@;W5R('-E



M1#4V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

#LS
2PF(WA!
#LR
M
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


F4],T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L)B-X03`[,SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

I
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




T0G1D].

M)B-X03`[
S$L#0H@
C`Q

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M3U)$15(M0T]




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0Q/CQB/F%S(&]F/&)R(\^
M#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!,#LS,2PF(WA!,#LR,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY



B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY


M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB
M/DQE=F5L)B-X03`[
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



M




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L




T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$S+#`R
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





T1N


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXD)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[



$$P




M;VQI8WD@:7



M:71I97



4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B`C
#`P

M







M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L
M)B-X03`[
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\
M8CY

M9VX]

F4]
M

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
2PW
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



F4]
T0R


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T




7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M
#`P
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




3PO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q





M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&4]

M87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
M

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4


#L\+W`^




M:#TS1#8V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

#LS
2PF(WA!
M
#LR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I





SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/CDL.#$Y/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O




T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#LF
M(WA!

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T



#`P





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B0\



T1B



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.R8C


M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A





M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M
34P+#`P

@=6YT

M='

M






M=&EO;G


M13H@


T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


F4]
T0Q

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY


M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L
M(#(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

I/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


F4]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L
M93X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@[($U!4D=)3BU4

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF



M;65N=&%L($5X96-U=&EV90T*(%)E=&ER96UE;G0@4&QA;B`H)B-X
C`Q0SM3
M15)0)B-X


@96%R;FEN9R!C;VUP


M(&)E;F5F:71S(&9R;VT@=7

@82!P



@3&5V96P@
M


M;G1S(&EN(&%C=&EV92!M87)K971S+B!#:&%N9V5S(&EN('1H90T*(&9A:7(@




M)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3


G!X.R!-05)'24XM

T0G0D]2

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$

3XF(WA!





@;V8\8G(@+SX-

3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M


#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$


T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L)B-X03`[



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

M86QI9VX]




3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
2PW


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




M




M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




T0R/B8C







M13H@


T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


F4]
T0Q

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY




M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY


#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N


T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L)B-X03`[



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q-!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






M9VX]




M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




F4]
M

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P
M965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


M(%)E;&%T960@0V]S='





M.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M/3-$
CX\8CXQ
RX-B!3:&%R92U87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX\+V(^/]F

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X

T1J

M34E

M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



#%$.RDN($EN(&-O;FYE8W1I;VX@=VET:!O
M=7(@:6YI=&EA;!P=6)L:6

C`F(WA!
#MM:6QL:6]N

F(WA!
#M!(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!W97)E


4




M:&4@
C`Q










M:6-E(')E=&ER97


T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M
M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE



M
#$Y.W



@=VET:!24U5S+!O

F(W@R
M

M9'




M92!#;VUP86YY)B-X




@;V8@1&5A;@T*($9O
M;V1S)B-X

M(&%F=&5R(&-O;7!L971I;VX@;V8-B!O=7(@:6YI=&EA;!P=6)L:6
@;V9F





@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q




'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




M
#$S(&%N9!I;@T*(&-O;FYE8W1I;VX@=VET:!T:&4@1&ES=')I8G5T:6]N



@

@=&\@





M=&AE('-A;64@=F]L=6UE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@=F%L=65S#0H@87
@
M9&5S8W)I8F5D(&%B;W9E*2X@5&AE('5N=F5S=&5D($1E86X@1F]O9'

M;G1O;2!S:&%R97


M:&4@;&EF92!A;F0-B!I;G1R:6YS:6,@=F%L=64@;V8@96%C:!O=71S=&%N


@
M87


F(WA!


M=6-H($1E86X@1F]O9'




M92!A=V%R9'
@87

<^

T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(
M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$




M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


C`Q

M97






M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97








'!X)SX-

M=VED=&@]
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^
M#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-CDE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I






M


F4]


T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O


M


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]



\

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

M




M/3-$
CX\96T^4VEN8V4@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T










M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R



M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/DYU

\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$

3XF(WA!



M

M.B`G5&EM97



65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

38N.3@\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/D=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I





@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M960@86YD#0H@97AP:7)E9#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


M

M=F4[($)/5%1/33H@



M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXH
3$R+#4U
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(P


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXQ-BXU

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M




T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXX+#



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


3(\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@






3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E





@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXV
M+#DW.2PY-#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXQ.XV.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C
T+#8R-BPV.#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$U-G!X)SX-B`F(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A




T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!A

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3XH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



<^



4@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
S@E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B!R9V(H

M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/D]P=&EO
M;G



M(')G8B@P+#`L







M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

'!X


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY.=6UB97(\8G(@



M(')G8B@P+#`L



T0Q/B8C

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]


@

T0G5TA)5$4M




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]






M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M5#H@

T0G1D].


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$L


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/CDN-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$L-#4Q
M+#DV



M5&EM97




M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C4P
2PQ-3`\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C0T


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C8N
C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




@




M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LQ-2XQ-CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
RPV-S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0R/C$U+C$W('1O(#$V+CDQ/]F;VYT



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C8W-RPQ


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXV
S
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N






T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXR+#0Q-BPV


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXX
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXQ-RXP


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M
CXQ-RXQ.2!T;R`R
RXS
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C0N
C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C(S+C



M




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C$L-S8Q+#4P
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



C4N
CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR.XQ.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\








M.B`G5&EM97

38L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M




M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C$V+#


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(Y
M+C



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^




T0Q
M/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!



M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T



M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$



M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@3F5W(%)O

M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY);G1R:6YS:6



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$





CXF(W@R


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!4





M97

BPW-CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



@








T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X

T1J

@3F5W


@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



@

M)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3


G!X.R!-05)'24XM

T0G0D]2

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$

T0X


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M+#8X




M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXS-30L

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




@




M/3-$

+4%
24=..B!B87-E;&EN93L@



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M


M97

M96%N#0H@1F]O9'


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




63H@)U1I;65S($YE



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C$L
C0W+#4Y



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL




M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA






M:61T:#TS1#$P
4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*



M+`R,#$S(&%N9!I;B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE#0H@1&ES=')I8G5T


'!X.R!415A4+4E.


M

05!313H@8V]L


MB`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT



#LS
M
2P\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!







B!A;&EG

63H@)U1I;65S

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M86QI9VX]





M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&4]

M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



@3F5W




M/3-$


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PT
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M


Q+`R,#$S
M+!T:&5R92!W87

M:7IE9!24U4@97AP96YS92P@86QL(&]F('=H:6-H(&ES(')E;&%T960@=&\@
M=6YV97-T960-B!A=V%R9'
N(%1H:7

M:7



M97





CX\96T^5V4@9W)A

@=6YD97(@=&AE(#(P






@:7





M96YT(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

N


Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R




M

3



M;W)D97(]

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86QI9VX]



M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


#MF86ER
M)B-X03`[('9A;'5E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB

T1B




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






M



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C





M


CY&;W)F96ET960\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



@3F5W

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M





M)R!S:7IE/3-$

+4%
24=..B!B87-E



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M



M97

3@N-SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$U-G!X)SX-B`F(WA!
#L\+W`^




T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M


3XH




3Y/;B!-87DF(WA!
#LR
RP@
C`Q
R!A;F0@

M86X@1F]O9'



C`Q0SM305)S)B-X
M







M92!C87-H+7-E='1L960@8F%S960@=7!O;@T*('1H92!V86QU92!O9B!7:&ET


#L\+V5M



M)R!S:7IE/3-$



M4D1%4BU#3TQ


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO





63H@)U1I

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/



65M.R!4



M:6QI='D\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
C@E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$







T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M

CXQ

2XV-B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M:65D('EI96QD(&%V86EL86)L92!O;B!F:79E+7EE87(@86YD('-E=F5N+7EE

M+49!34E

T0R/CQE;3Y4:&4@



M;F0@)#`N


#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($$@8V]R



T0U-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY.=6UB97(F(WA!
#MO

\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M

M.B`G5&EM97




M


7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E-!
M4G

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXR
3$L
M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
F4],T0R/D=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG


@3F5W(%)O

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M


T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^1F]R9F5I=&5D(&%N9`T*(&-A;F-E;&QE9#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0Q




M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE





M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


@3F5W

M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T


@


Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M.XY,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT












M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


M



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/E-!4G


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C
F4],T0R/C<P+#,W-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T






4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^

T1T;W`@
M86QI9VX]


T0Q



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@






M92!$96%N($9O;V1S('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;B!P;&%N+!T:&4-B!#;VUP86YY
M)B-X

M=7)C:&%S92!$96%N#0H@1F]O9'
F(W@R





M86YC97











M97(]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M+#`L


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


T0Q/B8C


M5&EM97

C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


M5&EM97

C`Q
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^



@3F5W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C




M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\




T0Q


M


M97

M;3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M








M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M

CXF
M(W@R


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C`N-C(E)B-X03`[=&\F(WA!
#LP+C@Y)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C$N
S(E)B-X03`[=&\F(WA!
#LR+C
P)3PO


M
#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$U-G!X)SX-B`F(WA!

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M/3-$

L(&%N9!E;7!L;WEE97,-B!D

C`Q

M+51/4#H@









S$L(#(P
3(L($1E
M86X@1F]O9'
@:&%D(&YO=!H:7-T;W)I8V%L;'D@9&5C;&%R960@;W(-B!P



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CX\96T^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T

$$P.S

#L\

05!313H@8V]L;&%P


M9'1H/3-$-#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS




M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
$$P.W!R:6-E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



M34E

T0Q/CQB/E=E:6=H=&5D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M:6

M


M97




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C8L.#0U+#(U
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


65M



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O





M93TS1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M96QL960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ.XP.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B@Q
3$L
#



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

3
N
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R




M




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97


M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/D]P=&EO;G
@


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M86QI9VX]



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*


1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/D]P=&EO;G
@=F5S

#LS
M
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


M

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97





M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^

T1T


@

M($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T









T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@



M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXS+#$S
RPQ-#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M9VX]



M:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R



M5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


30[



R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T




M;V1S)B-X
C`Q.3L@9&EV:7-I;VYS+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



M9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

M

3XH
M
BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


3Y/;B!-87DF(WA!
M
#LR
RP@
C`Q

M:6)U=&EO;BP@86QL($1E86X@1F]O9'






T0G

CX\96T^





T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

T0W
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\






M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M

63H@

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3$\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!





M

M

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXD


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C0N
#0\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXQ
#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXS+#8U
3PO



@

RPT
S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M




M=VED=&@]
T0Q







T0G1D].

CX\96T^1'5R
M:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3
L($1E
M86X@1F]O9'
-B!R96-E:79E9`D



M97

M57

@87



M(%)357

M=&%N8V5S.B`H:2DF(WA!
#MA;B!E;7!L;WEE90T*('=I=&@@

@




#MI;B!C97)T


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q





1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/E)357



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/E)357

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4





M:7IE/3-$
CY3:&%R97
@:7-S=65D('5P;VX-B!V97-T:6YG(&]F(%)357,\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M*#
U
BPS-3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I

T0R/BDF(WA!

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
RPV
S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E






M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\


2P@
M
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


30[



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q



F(W@R
#$Y


T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#
E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0Q/B@R*3PO9F]N=#X\

#$S
M(&%N9!I;B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE#0H@1&ES=')I8G5T:6]N+!A



F(WA!
#M!(&-O;6UO;@T*('-T;V-K+CPO9F]N

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4

M97(]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B






M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/C(P
M
3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!




M;6]U;G1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C$V+C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]









3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

RXQ(&UI;&QI;VXL(&%N9`D,RXU#0H@;6EL;&EO;B!F;W(@
M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[,S$L(#(P,3,L(#(P,3(L
M(&%N9`R


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#%P


<^#0H@/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].

CX\8CX\:3Y$
M96%N#0H@1F]O9'
@4&AA;G1O;2!3:&%R97

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/CQE;3Y);B`R

@;&]N9RUT97)M(&EN



M(&5A8V@@=F5S=&EN9R!P97)I;V0N($%L;`T*('5N=F5S=&5D('!H86YT;VT@




#$S#0H@86YD(#(P


M('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
@87



M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

@3F5W(%)O


3XF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/






65M


CY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C
Y-RPV


M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ
M
2XT



M9VX]



M1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M


M97

M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W


T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
3$N-#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

M)SXH

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D-O

M3TTZ(#`N.&5X)SXH

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXQ
2XS
M



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%
M149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
R4@86QI9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/'`@86QI9VX]

M.B`G5&EM97

M;G1O;2!S:&%R97
@87)E(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!E;7!L;WEE97

M8FQE/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]
3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]



@=VET


1494.B`S
7!X
3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/CQE;3Y);B`R

C`Q0SM#4%5S)B-X
M



3D[

L
M(&ES('1H92!P97)F;W)M86YC92!O9@T*('1H92!$96%N($9O;V1S('-T;V-K
M('!R:6-E(')E;&%T:79E('1O('1H870@;V8@82!P965R(&=R;W5P(&]F#0H@

M9'
@:7


M86YC92!P97)I;V0N(%1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!A=V%R9'
@:7
@


2XS(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD(0P+C(@;6EL
M;&EO;B!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!,#LS,2P@
M,C`Q,RP@,C`Q,B!A;F0@,C`Q,2!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($EN('1H92!F;W5R
M=&@-B!Q=6%R=&5R(&]F(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@










C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q



M86YC92!P97)I;V1S+B!4:&4@8V%S:`T*('9A;'5E(&]F('1H97-E(&%W87)D


$$P.S,Q+`R


T1J=7-T

@3F5W(%)O





M;W(@=&\@
C`Q

M:#TS1#@Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




65M.R!4




T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#$P-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R




M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C



M1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E1R86YS

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

2P@
C`Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


30[)B-X03`[


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





63H@

T0R/CQE;3Y4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG




M3TQ


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-

3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

$$P.S
Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


M/3-$


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF



C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!



T1T;W`^


@3F5W




M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



M




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
2PP
#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE







M/3-$




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXR+#0S



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

RPU
3`\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




M



M/3-$
CXF(W@R


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
BPP
C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E








\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E





@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E1O=&%L('-H87)E+6)A

M9'
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B0\





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M(WA!




T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT




#(P

M(&EN#0H@=&AE($1E86X@1F]O9'

L
M(&%S('=E;&P@87
@97AP96YS92!R96QA=&5D#0H@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF
M(W@R
#$Y.W


@

@


G!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P

T0G0D]21$52+4-/

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

T0V.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^







M9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



B!A

63H@)U1I

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M




M9'
I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF



\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT



\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R



\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C


M86QI9VX]



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R






M:7IE/3-$



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-C






M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C
F4],T0R/C<L-#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF








C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;W(]



@

C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE






M


CY7:&ET95=A=F4@




M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97




M93TS1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M9VX]

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

















M
S$L(#(P
3


]


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-

M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R




T0R/CQB



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


T0G1D].

CY!8V-U;75L

@;F5T

M;W(@=&AE('EE87(M#0H@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
R!W
M97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%

M24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4



MB`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0T-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M9VX]

M

M:6YS=')U;65N='

+4%
24=..B!B87-E




6QE/3-$)U9%4E1)0T%,
M+4%,24=..B!B87-E;&EN93L@4$]3251)3TXZ(')E;&%T:79E.R!3U143TTZ
M(#`N.&5X)SXH

3XF(WA!



T0R

M5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]




1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M

CXD

M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXH
2PX


M
T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$






M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/D%M;W5N='



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M



T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q





M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q



M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


T1B;W1T




M


M97

M)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




M




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



W!X(&1O=6)L

T1B



M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L



T0G0D]21$52





PP*2`P+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@.'!X.R!724142#H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M='
N)B-X

M9'1H/3-$
R4@86QI9VX]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M9VX]

M97



4



M-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$


M4&QA;G



]


M86QI9VX]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X)SX\:2!S='EL

M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M;G0@4&QA;G

M.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H




M92X-B!%9F9E8W1I=F4@=7!O;B!T:&4@1&ES=')I8G5T:6]N+!T:&4@0V]M





M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/E-U8G-T86YT:6%L;'D-B!A;&P@9G5L;UT







'!X


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


#$S+`T*(#(P


M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\






M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

3X\
M8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D1E9FEN960@8F5N969I

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXR+#`U


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!






M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXQ+#4Y



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXV+#@Y-CPO9F]N=#X\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L




M3TY4+49!34E

M;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET

'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@

M9VX]

M97







C`Q.3MS(&%N;G5A
M;!C;VUP96YS871I;VXN($EN(&%D9&ET:6]N+!C97)T86EN('5N:6]N#0H@


M87)I;W5S(&%M;W5N='




@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@



@


T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@







2XV(&UI;&QI

M
#LS
2P@

3(L-3`P(@D.PU

DL#0H@<F5S<&5C




M.B`G5&EM97



-B!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N
M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[,S$L(#(P,3,@86YD(#(P,3(L(&%N9!T:&4@






T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M
T0W
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T




M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

3X\8CY9
M96%R)B-X03`[96YD960F(WA!

Q+#PO8CX\+V9O

T0Q




M34E



3
F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF



C`Q





M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;F=E(&EN($)E;F5F:70-B!/8FQI9V%T:6]N.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


65M.R!415A4

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@3F5W




M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PW-S$\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M


M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT






T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

@






M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXI

V5M.R!415A4

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4









M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C
R
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M



M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T




M97

3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY%;7!L







M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

F(W@R
#$Y.PT*(&-O
M;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/D)E;F5F:71S('!A:60\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M3$5&5#H@

T0G



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



M


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T0C



M97

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
3$L-S



M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXY+#@Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M



M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT^




M1TE.+51/4#H@

Q
M+`R,#$S(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!B86QA



M


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CX\96T^02!S=6UM87)Y(&]F(&]U

Q
M+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R#0H@:7
@87


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)

M86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^


M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H





7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M





1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/E=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@9&ES8V]U;G0-

T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C
N-SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@

T0R/B4F(WA!



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXE

65M.R!415A4

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CY2871E(&]F(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M/3-$


C`Q
RP@
C`Q
BP@86YD(#(P
3$@:7
@87


05!3


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
$$P.T1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!



M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
SPO8CX\

M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/E=E:6=H=&5D


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C
N-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R
M/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$




M.B`G5&EM97

RXX-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT



T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF





M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C
N.#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R
M/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*



3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R(&5N9&5D#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
M
2P\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!





M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
3PO8CX\

M


M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/BA);@T*

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T1B



@

3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXU
3

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXH



@3F5W




M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/B@Q
SD\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0Q

M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M



@

38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E




T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXR+#`U
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$L-S4P


T0G

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


#L\

#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L





M/3-$
CX\96T^5&AE(&]V97)A;&P@97AP96-T960@;&]N9RUT97)M(')A=&4@





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0
M.B`Q



M+51/4#H@


T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L


T1B;W1T

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M*$EN#0H@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXS+#8P


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C
L
C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

M;VX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY&86ER



M97

2PY
#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q



@
M)#$R+C

#$S#0H@86YD(#(P


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;W5N=!R871E(')E9FQE8W1S('1H92!R871E(&%T#0H@=VAI8V@@;W5R(&1E
M9FEN960@8F5N969I=!P;&%N(&]B;&EG871I;VYS(&-O=6QD(&)E(&5F9F5C


M960@9G)O;2`S+C4E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3(@=&\@
RXX
M)2!A=`T*($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3
L('=H:6-H('=I;&P@9&5C

#$T


M9VX]

M97

M
S$L(#(P
3

M;65N='











1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXR


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXQ
#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXY
#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N







@9&5V96QO

N(%-E90T*($YO=&4@
3(@)B-X
C`Q0SM$

@=V5R92!F:6YA;F-E

3`E(&]F('1H92!I;G-U






M

3XF(WA!



M;'-P86X]

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXH26XF(WA!

I/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3(\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

1494
M.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/E)E;&%T:6YG

M93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF



M;F5T*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97



M(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



T1B

T1B

V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.





3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


3PO


M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M;&4]


M(#




M/3-$










T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

M

M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ


T0Q/CQE;3XF(WA!
#L\

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3X\96T^)B-X03`[/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^87-S971S(&-O;G1R:6)U=&5D('1O(&$@;75L

M('1O('!R;W9I9&4@8F5N969I='
@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S(&]F(&]T:&5R#0H@

[/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO

M15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

#(P,C([/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF










T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(#QP(&%L:6=N

63H@)U1I;65S




M;&4]

M

M86P@9G)O;2!T:&ES('!L86X@:7


T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.


4
[4%!!)B-X
C`Q1#LI(%IO;F4@4W1A='5S(&%V86EL86)L
M92!I;B`R

M;F5D(&9R;VT@=&AE('!L86XF(W@R
#$Y.W




@8F5E;B!I;7!L

@=&AA=`T*('!L86YS(&-L




M97



#L\+W`^#0H@




M1#
Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!724142#H@-#1P




T0Q

M=6UB97(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$



M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(')O=W-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT



T1B




M#0H@86=R965M96YT/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I




C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I




C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



T0G1D].



+4%
24=..B!B87-E;&EN93L@4$]3251)3TXZ(')E



T0R/CDQ



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]





63H@)U1I

T0R/D=R965N/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF








M

#LR


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$U-G!X)SX-B`F
M(WA!

05!313H@


T1T
M;W`@=VED=&@]

T0G1D].

3XH
2D\+V9O








M
#$V+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
M




@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P-B`R,#$S+`R

T0T.24^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T1B;W1T



M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\





3`@86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
3X\8CY4:&4F(WA!
#M7:&ET95=A=F4F(WA!

M;GD\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0R(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M.B`G5&EM97

63H@


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#$^/&(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
C`Q





7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LR
#$R)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


$$P.S(P,3$F(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M5V5S=&5R;B!#;VYF97)E;F-E(&]F#0H@5&5A;7-T97)S(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA
M;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@

2PV-3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ
M+#4Y



M5&EM97



T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-
MB`\<!S='EL93TS1=-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
7!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q



CX\8CX\:3Y$969E


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`V

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T





M;VUP96YS871I;VX@4&QA;BP@=6YD97(@=VAI8V@@8V5R=&%I;B!E;7!L;WEE
M97
@=VET:!A#0H@8F%S92!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@;V8@)#$U,PP
#`@;6%Y


@









M:6YC;'5D:6YG(&%C8W)U960@9&5E;65D(&EN=&5R97-T+!T;W1A;&5D(0T
M+C8@;6EL;&EO;B!A=`T*($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3
L('=H:6-H

M97







40[/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO9&EV





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]





M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M.B`G5&EM97

38N#0H@0V]M;6ET
M;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E













@87


M(&UI;&QI;VXL#0H@)#@N
!M:6QL:6]N+!A;F0@)#@N-2!M:6QL:6]N(&9O

#$S+`R,#$R+!A;F0@
C`Q
2P-B!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]E;3X\

M34%21TE.+51/4#H@


@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0W
M.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/CPO

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H



3XF(WA!




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97

C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C


#D\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXQ


M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0Q




@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C8L


1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E1H97)E869T97(\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP




M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$









T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
S%P











@

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q






M9VUE;G0L($=E;V=R87!H:6

]







M:&EC+!A;F0@0W5S=&]M97(@26YF;W)M871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]








@3F5W(%)O

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



@86QI




M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


T0G1D].

CY4:&4@3F]R





L(&%S('=E
M;&P@87
-B!V87)I;W5S(&%W87DM9G)O;2UH;VUE(&-H86YN96QS+!I;F-L


N





M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%


M($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[



L('=R:71E#0H@9&]W;G


M;W)E:6=N#0H@97AC:&%N9V4@9V%I;G

M92!T87@N(%1H92!A;6]U;G1S(&EN('1H90T*(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L97
@




M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(




M


4





M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M5T5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@

M5&EM97

3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L

M

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0U-R4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^



M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M



M/3-$


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3$\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!





I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T1B;W1T




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M
CXR+#$R


63H@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXQ+#DR


M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ
M+#8U-RPQ.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I


M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C
V-RPY.30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




63H@)U1I;65S($YE



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\








T0G


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

BPR.#DL-#


T0G1D].


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@


M


M(#QT9#XF(WA!


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


1494.B`S96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M.B`G5&EM97

3
W+#@P-SPO9F]N=#X\



V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C(W+#@W
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M



M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

1494
M.B`U96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/E1O=&%L(')E

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



@3F5W


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




T1T


@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



@3F5W(%)O


7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N











M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@


1494.B`S
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/DEN=&5R97-T#0H@
M97AP96YS93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T









M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF





M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N





M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




@3F5W(%)O




T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




T1B;W1T

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@3F5W(%)O

38V+#0R

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M


1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$Y+#@U



@3F5W

C`L

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R









@3F5W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C


M5&EM97




M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@3F5W


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H




M


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[($9/3E0M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E4
M12U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]21U3

M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M

T1C96YT97(@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0Q

Q
M+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT







T0Q/CQB
M/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N

@

C`Q



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

3X\
M8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97

M97

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


1494.B`U96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M
CXV

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


@3F5W







M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!





@3F5W


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T





M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

CPO9F]N


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


1494.B`W96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C$L-C4W+#$Y


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY0;&%N=UB87-E9!F;V]D(&%N9`T*





M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T



T1B




M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97

\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT






M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#-P




M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/



M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4


@3F5W(%)O

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


T0G1D].

CY4:&4@9F]L


M1SH@



T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]





7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

3X\8CXR
#$S
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M

M9VX]

#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXQ+#4T.2PP
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXQ+#0W-BPQ
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;W(]

M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C4V
RPP
C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C4Y-PS.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C0Q+#
X
CPO9F]N



@3F5W

S0L

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE





M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]



7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-








@

BPR.#
L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M.B`G5&EM97

BPQ

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H


T0G34%21TE.+4Q%

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


V5M.R!4


CY.;W)T:!!;65R:6-A/]F

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


T1B;W1T



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C0T-PU,SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C0T
RPU.3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E






T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(W+#@S
SPO9F]N=#X\



@3F5W(%)O


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXR
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H



T0G

CY4;W1A
M;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PX
M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
2PW



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


3(^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^


Q+#PO8CX\

M




M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

@3F5W(%)O

C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

3X\8CXR
#$Q
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

M


M97


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*


V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT




T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$







@

C`L-S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXQ
2PW


63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY#
M;W)P;W)A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$




M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S


63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXQ

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M







M7S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B
S$T969E8@T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)




]

@6T%B


M

]

<^/&D@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M


M4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M

M.B!R9V(H




@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@86YD(&EM;65D:6%T96QY#0H@9F]L
M;&]W:6YG('1H:7

@:&%S(&YO(&]W;F5R



M8V]S='

L('-U8V@@87
@




M8G5T86)L92!T;R!E;7!L;WEE97


M9!O;B!T:&4@;6]S=!R96QE=F%N=`T*(&%L;&]C871I;VX@;65T:&]D('1O


@:61E



$$P.S$L(#(P
3(@=&\@=&AE



M(&]F9F5R:6YG*2!A;F0@)#


M:61A=&5D('-T871E;65N='

M87-S:69I960@87

4




@




T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T





M86P@8V]S='


M97

@;6%D92!I;B!C97)T86EN




M.B`G5&EM97









@=V5R90T*(&%L



@=V%S(')E87-O;F%B
M;&4N($AO=V5V97(L('1H97-E(&%M;W5N='
@;6%Y(&YO=!B90T*(&EN9&EC
M871I=F4@;V8@=&AE(&%C='5A;!A;6]U;G1S('1H870@=V4@=V]U;&0@:&%V

M(&-O;7!A;GD@9F]R('1H92!P97)I;V1S('!R97-E;G1E9X@4V5E#0H@3F]T
M92`Q,2`F(W@R,#%#.T1E8G0@86YD($%L;&]C871E9!0;W)T:6]N(&]F($1E
M86X@1F]O9'
F(W@R
#$Y.PT*($1E8G0N)B-X
C`Q1#L\+V5M/CPO9F]N=#X\

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@


M;&4]

M


L(&%N9!W92!R96-E:79E9!F=6YD


@=&AA




M;G

N/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#QP




M/3-$







M($1E86X@1F]O9'
@=&\@=7

M:6)U=&EO;G






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q

@=&\@8V]N9'5C






@=V4@:&%V92!W:71H($1E86X@1F]O9'
@



M:69I960@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H($1E86X@1F]O9'
F(W@R
#$Y.R!S

@87)E(&1E

4
[5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS('=I=&@-


M34E


M;65N='





3$
#(P,40[*2P@<'5R<W5A;G0@=&\@=VAI8V@@=&AO
M<V4-B!S=6)S:61I87)I97

M;6]D:69I97


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM
M5$]0.B`Q

M






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
2!A;F0@1&5A;B!$86ER

@9F]R(&%N(&EN:71I86P-



@96YD
M960@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BX\+V5M/CPO9F]N

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q

M



M9@T*('1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0@:7
@1&5C96UB97(@
C`Q
B!T:')O=6=H($1E
M8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P






M.B`G5&EM97

M4V5R=FEC97
@06=R965M96YT)B-X03`[)B-X
C`Q-#L@5V4@86YD($1E86X@
M1F]O9'

M97





F(W@R




@;V8@=&AE

@86=R965M96YT+B!792!P87D@1&5A;B!&

@=7



RXP#0H@;6EL;&EO;B!F


M=FEC97


M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M1TE.+51/4#H@



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M

M

@


M860@=&AE(')I9VAT('1O#0H@=7-E('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS(&EN




M(&UI;&QI;VXL(0S-BXP(&UI;&QI;VXL(&%N9`D-#(N-PT*(&UI;&QI;VXL

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

M4#H@


M+49!34E

T0R/CQE;3Y);B!C





@;&]A;B!A;F0@;F\@9G5T=7)E


Q+`R,#$R
M(&%N9`R




M;65N='


#$S+`R,#$R#0H@
M86YD(#(P,3$@=V%S(1N:6P@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#8N-!M:6QL:6]N+!A;F0@
M)#8N


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0
M.B`Q






M
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B
S$T



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E




M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^


M;FEN9W

]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X)SX\

M0TE.1SH@

M

63H@)U1I




M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M;&4]

M



M96%T960@87




@;V9F


3D[(&-O;G1R:6)U





M=&\-B!T:&4@1&ES=')I8G5T:6]N+CPO9F]N=#X\+VD^/]P/@T*(#QP('-T


M:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M24%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M




M1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
$$P

05!313H@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/






7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G






T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M

3XF
M(WA!


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS







M86QI9VX]


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

3$T+#
S



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\




M/3-$






@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



#`L



1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S





T0Q/B8C


M5&EM97

XU-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C`N
#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M3$5&5#H@

T0G


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C`N-S(\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M97

M9PT*(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M1F]O9'




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF





T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E






M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M97



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C$W
RPQ
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-3

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
34P+#`P
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T


@

M;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




1494.B`U96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/E-T;V-K#0H@=6YI='

M

3X\

+4%
24=..B!B87-E;&EN93L@4$]3251)


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M97






CXF(W@R
#$T.R8C



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXQ-S0L-3@Q+#0V.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$U
M
PP,#`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C`N-S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D)A


M9VX]



M1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@






M/3-$


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXP


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C`N


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$U
M-G!X)SX-B`\:2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(&UE9&EU;3L@1D].5U&

M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!#3TQ/



R4@86QI
M9VX]

@

T1J=7-T:69Y

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M=&EO;B!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L#0H@
M
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q

M4BU#3TQ


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3XH
BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N

T0G

3XQ


@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D
M.3)A8C

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



S$L(#(P
M
3



]

M='
#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3AP

M.B`G5&EM97

3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L


CX\8CXR
X-B!3=6)S97%U


M.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M/3-$

M.B!R9V(H

M;&4]

M

30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%C


C`Q

@=&\-



M='
@86YD(&EN9&5M;FEF:6-A=&EO;B!C;&%I;7




M8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71I97
L(&EN8VQU9&EN9PT*('1H92!I;F-R96UE;G1A

@86-Q=6ER


7!X.R!-05)'24XM
M5$]0.B`Q

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


F(WA!
#MM:6QL:6]N(&EN(&5X

#LS
M
2P@
C`Q



M;G




M
T0R/CQE;3Y/;B!*86YU87)Y)B-X03`[-2P@






M(W@R
#%$.RDN#0H@6FAE;F=Z:&]U)B-X

M:7





3`@;6EL;&EO;BDL

N($5A8V@-B!J;VEN=!V

C`Q.3MS('-H87)E(&]F('1H92!P=7)C:&%S92!P






M/3-$







T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T



#MM:6QL

M97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@86X@861D:71I;VYA;`D,XQ)B-X03`[

#LS
M
2P@



M='



M97
#L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4G(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M;B`V
















7!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X)SX-B`\
M:2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(&UE9&EU;3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



M:61T:#H@






'!X

M($]P97)A=&EO;G
@*'5N875D:71E9D\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO:3X\+W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`V


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@3F5W


M=&EO;G
@9F]R#0H@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


3)P

'!X)SX-B`\:2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



'!X)SX-B`F(WA!,#L\
M+VD^/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]
3$%04T4Z(&-O

T0P('=I9'1H
M/3-$


M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I




M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]


@




M

63H@



M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]




M(')G8B@P+#`L

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



M


30@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXH26XF(WA!

L)B-X03`[97AC97!T

#MA;F0F(WA!
#MP97(F(WA!

M.V1A=&$I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXV
#@L


T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXV-SDL


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



T0R


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R



M.B`G5&EM97

S$L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C$Y+#4T
3PO9F]N




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXR
RPY.3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXH
M
BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T1T


@



M3$E'3CH@8F%S96QI;F4[(%!/4TE424]..B!R96QA=&EV93L@0D]45$]-.B`P

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*



@

XQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97



M.B`G5&EM97

XQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C`N
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C`N
30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.






CXF(WA!



M/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
XQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



XQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M


T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M
CXU-3(L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXV
#@L

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/D=R;W-S('!R
M;V9I=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C(X+#4S




T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
Q+#
P.#PO9F]N=#X\



@3F5W(%)O

C8L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXR
M-BPR.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S




T0R


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
2PS
#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1T;W`^


@3F5W



M3CH@8F%S96QI;F4[(%!/4TE424]..B!R96QA=&EV93L@0D]45$]-.B`P+CAE

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT



@3F5W

XR,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



M5&EM97

XQ.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97


V5M.R!4


CY.970@:6YC;VUE(&%T=')I
M8G5T86)L90T*('1O(%1H92!7:&ET95=A=F4@1F]O9'


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C`N
3@\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C`N
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M


CY.970@:6YC;VUE


M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





CXF(WA!



M/3-$


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

XR
M,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
XQ.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@)U1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;B<[($9/3E0M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]21U34$%#24Y'.B`P


M4BU#3TQ


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3XH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N

T0G

3Y%87)N



M+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/'1A




T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!A

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3XH
BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;V8@87-S971S(&EN('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8-B`D-RXT(&UI;&QI;VX@*0T
M+C4@;6EL;&EO;B!N970@;V8@=&%X*2!R96QA=&5D('1O('1H92!S86QE(&]F


T0G0D]21$52+4-/

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0Q

BXS(&UI;&QI;VX@;F5T







'0O:'1M



]

]
M


T1T


]
T1R


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

F4]
T0R
3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^5&AE(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;B!O9B!75T8@3W!C;R!T;R!7
M:&ET95=A=F4@=V%S('1R96%T960@87


M9'
N#0H@07


M(&%N9!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G,@;V8@5VAI=&57879E(&%N9!7


M1TE.+51/4#H@



M(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!A8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97,@9V5N97)A
M;&QY#0H@86-C97!T960@:6X@=&AE(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97

M82`H)B-X
C`Q0SM5+E
N($=!05`F(W@R
#%$.RDN#0H@26X@=&AE(&]P:6YI
M;VX@;V8@;6%N86=E;65N=P@86QL(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S+!C;VYS:7-T:6YG


M=&EO;B!H879E(&)E96X@:6YC;'5D960N/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#QP

M;&4]






M8V]S='




M=FEC97
L(&%S('=E;&P@87
-B!S=&]C:RUB87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@

M87-E9!O;B!T:&4@;6]S=!R96QE=F%N=!A;&QO8V%T:6]N(&UE=&AO9!T

M;V-A=&EO;G
@9G)O;2!$96%N#0H@1F]O9'





M:6YG*2P@86YD(0S,BXW(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960-B!$




M:65D(&%S#0H@)B-X
C`Q0SM#;W)P;W)A=&4@86YD(&]T:&5R)B-X
C`Q1#L@
M:6X@3F]T92`Q-R`F(W@R


40[($UA;F%G96UE;G0@8F5L
M:65V97





30N/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*



@

M=7)R960@87





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M960@;F5T#0H@87-S971S+B!$96%N($9O;V1S)B-X
C`Q.3L@;F5T(&EN=F5S
M=&UE;G0@8F%L86YC92!R97!R97-E;G1E9!T:&4-B!C=6UU;&%T:79E(&YE


@86YD#0H@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0
M.B`Q

M;W5N='
@9&ER96-T;'D@:6YC=7)R960@8GD@=7
@=&\@9G5N9`T*('1H92!A
M8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!O9B!!;'!R;R!I;B!*=6QY(#(P
#DN(%!R:6]R('1O(&-O



M(&]F('1H92!$96%N#0H@1F]O9'










M=&5D+B!3964@3F]T92`Q





M92!S:&5E='
L('-T871E;65N='


N/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO9&EV

]


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@




@:6YC;'5D
M92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='

@86YD(')E9FQE8W0@=&AE#0H@96QI;6EN






M9VX]



@86YD(&9I;F%N



M9FQO=W




M8F%L86YC97




1494.B`R)3L@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@




63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$










]

]


63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CX\:3Y#87-H(&%N9`T*($-A


#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!C87-H(&ES(&-O


@=VET:`T*(&%N(&]R:6=I






M+6EN+!F:7)S=UO=70@;65T:&]D+B!4:&4@8V]S='

L(&1I

M860@8V]S='




#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#(E.R!-05)'24XM









L#0H@87


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X

3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!724142#H@


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@




MB`\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E



M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



34F(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


65M.R!4


M93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


M)B-X03`[=7-E9G5L)B-X03`[;&EF93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\




#L@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#(E.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS





M;&4]





M(&UE=P@=&AE('1R861E;6%R:W,@87)E(&%M;W)T:7IE9!O=F5R#0H@=&AE



@:6YC;'5D:6YG('1H92!C;VUP971I=&EV90T*(&5N


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

L(&]T:&5R
M('1H86X@:6YD969I;FET92UL:79E9`T*('1R861E;6%R:W







T0Q/CQB

#`P

F4]
T0Q

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@


T0R/D9I;FET92UL:79E9`T*('1R
M861E;6%R:W
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T0R/C4F(WA!
#MT;R`Q-2!Y



M+4Q%1E0Z(#(E.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^

M;W)M960@:6X@
C`Q






C`Q
RP@
C`Q
BP@;W(@
C`Q
2X\+V5M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0
M.B`Q


M
#$S+B!);B`R



L(&EN(&%D9&ET:6]N('1O#0H@



&-E<W
@;V8@:71S(&9A:7(@=F%L














#$R(&]R(#(P
3$N(%-E92!.;W1E
M(#
@)B-X

T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y964@0F5N


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@


T0R/CQB/CQI




F(W@R
#$Y.R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9&5F




M:6)U=&EO;BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:6UP;&5M96YT960@:71S(&]W;@T*('-U


@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE(&%C

#LR+`R,#`Y+!A;F0-

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M:&5E='

M(AL;W-S*2X@5&AE(&9U;F1E9!S=&%T=7
@:7

-B!T
M:&4@9&EF9F5R96YC92!B971W965N('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86X@
M87-S971S(&%N9!B96YE9FET#0H@;V)L:6=A=&EO;B`H=&AE('!R;VIE8W1E

M960@87

T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!&
M:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='







@=&\@9FQU8W1U871I;VYS






M;G-I=F4@96%R;FEN9W



@86YD(&QO


@;V8-B!C87-H(&9L;W=S+!D
M97)I=F%T:79E(&%C=&EV:71I97
@87)E(&-L87-S:69I960@8F%S960@;VX@



T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R








M;F=S#0H@:6UM961I871E;'DN/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO9&EV/CQS

]


1494.B`R)3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^3VX@075G=7-T)B-X03`[-RP@
C`Q
BP@
M=&AE($1E86X@1F]O9'



#$R
M(%-T;V-K($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N(AT:&4-B`F(W@R
#%#.S(P
3(@4TE0
M)B-X


@;V8@;W5R







L


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!4




#%#.U)357
F(W@R
#%$.RD@:7
@97%U86P@=&\@=&AE(&-L;W-I






63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




@=VET:!24U5S+!O

F(W@R
M


M97

M.S
Q+`R,#$S+`R


@=&AA=!W92!W;W5L9!H

@

M(&]F($1E86X@1F]O9'
F(W@R






T0R/CQE;3Y/
M;B!-87DF(WA!
#LR
RP@
C`Q
R!A;F0@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H



B!O9B!O=7(-B!N;VXM96UP;&]Y964@9&ER
M96-T;W)S(&%N9!E;7!L;WEE97
@=V5R92!C;VYV97)T960@:6YT;PT*(&5Q


@97%U:71Y

65E#0H@9&ER96-T;W)S





M96%N($9O;V1S#0H@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&EM;65D:6%T96QY('!R:6]R('1O













M(WA!

M.T$@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K#0H@86YD($-L87-S($(@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(')E

@:6X@=&AE#0H@1&ES=')I8G5T:6]N



#%#.U-H87)E



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N:71I;VXL(%-A;&5S($EN8V5N=&EV
M97
@86YD(%1R861E($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
#L@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#(E.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q



@8F5E;B!D96QI=F5R960@=&\@=&AE





M(')E9'5C=&EO;G



L(&%S('=E;&P@87



M8W1I;VYS('1O(&=R;W-S('-A;&5S+B!3;VUE(&]F('1H97-E(&EN8V5N=&EV
M97
@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&)Y#0H@97-T:6UA=&EN9R!I;F-E;G1I=F4@8V]S
M='



M8V]S='





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^





M=VET:`T*('5N8V]L;&5C=&EB;&4@86-C;W5N='


#$S+`T*(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$@




]
M

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CX\8CX\:3Y296QA=&5D#0H@4&%R='D@4V%L97
@86YD(%1R86YS:71I




T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@











@












@=&AR





3
X+CD@;6EL;&EO
M;B!I;B`R
#$S+`R,#$R+!A;F0@
C`Q


@)#`N


]






@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&)O=&@@8V]S




@86YD('1H:7)D+7!A


C0W+C4@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#(Q-XQ(&UI;&QI;VXL(&%N9`D

M+CD@;6EL;&EO;B!I;@T*(#(P
3
L(#(P
3(L(&%N9`R,#$Q+!R97-P96-T



]

1494
M.B`R)3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@







@87)E
M(&-A;&-U;&%T960@8F%S960@=7!O;B!L;W-S(&1E=F5L;W!M96YT(&9A8W1O


M8VQU9&EN9R!C;&%I;7

N








T0R/CQE

#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!W92!R96-O






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
B4[



M#0H@86YD($1E=F5L;W!M96YT/]I/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#QP('-T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^








#L@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#(E.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-

T1J=7-T


T0R/CQE;3Y4:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@;V8@


M='


M96YD(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A=&5S+B!);F-O;64@86YD#0H@97AP96YS92!I=&5M


@:6X@97AC:&%N9V4@





N(%1H92!C=6UU;&%T:79E

M=&EN9R!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


T1T;W`^26YC


T0G

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




T0R/CQE;3Y/=7(@







M1F]O9'
F(W@R
#$Y.R!5+E


M;B!$96%N($9O;V1S)B-X
C`Q.3L@;F5T(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@:6X@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W






M92X@1F]R96EG;B!I;F-O;64@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%R92!P86ED(&)Y



@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN('1H




M(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q








T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@

3)P


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^1&5F97)R960@:6YC

M8F5T=V5E;B!A;6]U;G1S(')E8V]R9&5D(&EN('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@
M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

@:6X-

M97

M86YC97





T0R/CQE









T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M


T0R/CQB/CQI/E)E8V5N




&ES='
N($%352`R

!B96YE9FET+!O<B!A#0H@





N($%352`R
#$S+3$Q(&ES#0H@969F96-T

M86YU87)Y)B-X03`[

M=!A;G1I8VEP871E('1H870@=&AE(&%D;W!T:6]N(&]F('1H:7,-B!S=&%N



T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF




3
M


M9&%N8V4@9F]R('1H92!R96QE87-E(&]F('1H92!C=6UU;&%T:79E('1R86YS
M;&%T:6]N(&%D:G5S=&UE;G0N#0H@05-5(#(P
3
M
#4@:7
@969F96-T:79E







M87)Y(#(P
3

M97%U:7)E;65N='



M;7



M

M:6]N(&]F('1H:7






T0R/CQE;3Y);B!*=6QY(#(P
3(L


M=6ED86YC92!F;W(@=&5S=&EN9R!I;F1E9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB

@96YT:71I
M97








#LQ-2P@
C`Q



M87

3
@86YD#0H@:71S(&%D;W!T:6]N

M:61A=&5D#0H@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]P


]

#L@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@

M5&EM97

3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CY792!E=F%L=6%T90T*('1H92!P


@86YD



M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4






M;'5D92!T:&4@8V]S='
@86QL;V-A=&5D('1O('5S(&)Y($1E86X@1F]O9'
@

M;R!S:&%R92UB87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@:&%S(&YO=!B965N(&%L;&]C


#(P


3@@)B-X
C`Q0SM296QA



#(S
M95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B
S$T969E



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$4R1CX-B`@(`@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P
3




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M

M


T0R/CQE;3Y$97!R96-I871I;VX@:7
@8V%L8W5L


L(&%S#0H@

T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@



M

M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!724142#H@



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@





T0G34%2


T0R/D)U





34F(WA!



M

M3$5&5#H@

T0G




R!T;R`X('EE

65M.R!415A4+4E.


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

65M


M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S






T0R/CQE;3Y)9&5N=&EF

L(&]T:&5R('1H86X@:6YD969I;FET
M92UL:79E9`T*('1R861E;6%R:W


T0P/@T*

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P





M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

T1B;W1T


T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ


T0R/D9I;FET92UL:79E9`T*('1R861E;6%R:W
\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/C4F(WA!



V5?-#!E95]B
M-#
P7V0Y
F%B






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@



S$L
M(#(P
3





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q



M92UW:61T:#H@




M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@






M
'!X)SX-B`F(WA!,#L\+VD^/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0T]



M1#`^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B!R9V(H

C`Q
SPO8CX\

M


M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/BA);@T*

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R
F4],T0R/DQE87-E#0H@;&EA8FEL:71Y/]F;VYT/CPO








3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY3


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXV


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C8S
CPO


M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

1494
M.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXS+#
P-CPO




M1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXS+#
P



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52




M-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P
M7V0Y
F%B

S
N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M


]

M86QI9VX]




]

]


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^5&AE(&9O



M
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@


M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB
M/EEE87(F(WA!


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]




3(F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0Q


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$



65M


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%



M86QI9VX]


T0R/B0\+V9O

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N





1494.B`S96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

I(&)E


M




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


T0R/DEN8V]M92!T87@@






T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+#DY-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].




T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXQ+#(W.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L




T0R/BDF
M(WA!

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR
M86(S



M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$


M;'-P86X]


M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]





T0G
M1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M


M4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[($9/3E0M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@
M5T]21U34$%#24Y'.B`P<'@[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2
M.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO:3X\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE


M:6YG/3-$

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B!R9V(H


T0Q/B8C

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L







T0Q/CQB/BA);@T*('1H;W5S

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C8W+#DU-CPO


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M
3


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M
F4],T0R/C<U+#`Y.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M;&4]



T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXQ-#8L-C0W

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M+R\O0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B+U=O

O4VAE970S-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



]


T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M9VX]






M






M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M
CY

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C(X-2PQ.3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S




T0R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!





T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4Y+#4X-#PO9F]N=#X\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF






M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M


M



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97


7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M9VX]

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M.B`G5&EM97

CPO9F]N=#X\



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*
M(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W









M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^





T1T

#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!415A4







'!X



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G






M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

3X\8CY%

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N

@

3XF(WA!
#L\

M86QI9VX]

I
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


3(\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

38\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-C(L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




@




M:7IE/3-$

M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E





@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C
L



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


M9V(H


#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C8P
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(W@R




M97



T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^0F%L86YC92!A=`T*($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

38\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-S(L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




@



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M9VX]


M


#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@
M/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN92`O/CPO9&EV

]


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
M





M

M8FQE#0H@87-S971S(&]T:&5R('1H86X@9V]O9'=I;&P@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@)U1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[($9/3E0M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]21U34$%#24Y'


M4D1%4BU#3TQ


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



C(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$





3`@
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M;W5N=#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M




M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M






M8B@P+#`L



3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52




3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

@=VET:`T*(&EN9&5F:6YI
M=&4@;&EV97

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M




M3CH@8F%S96QI;F4[(%!/4TE424]..B!R96QA=&EV93L@0D]45$]-.B`P+CAE

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$


T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97







M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

C4\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M

T1B;W1T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
Y+#(R
M



M97


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(Q
M+#



M5&EM97




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH




M.B`G5&EM97

C(L.3


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/E1R861E;6%R:W
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



@3F5W(%)O




T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXS-S4L


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



M

CXD

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M




#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M


M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%


M($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[


4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@

T1T;W`@86QI
M9VX]


T0Q/E1H








M;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X





M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0V.4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.3`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CXR
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXR


63H@)U1I;65S($YE





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXR+C4\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXR+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXR+C4\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



]



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A
M8C







@*%1A8FQE


]
M

]


M='
@;V8@06-C;W5N='

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

-B!P87EA8FQE(&%N9!A8V-R=65D(&5X

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P-
MB`R,#$S(&%N9`R



63H@)U1I;65S


M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0V(&%L:6=N

@

#LS
2P\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!



M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R





@3F5W(%)O

C
T+#0V


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT






M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0Q/B8C






3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
2`H3F]T92`Q,BD\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D


@

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!



M/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*





V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




@3F5W(%)O



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(Y-2PX


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





M





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q-&5F96(O





]





]



]


M1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

@8F5F


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[($9/3E0M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E4
M12U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]21U3

M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M

T1C96YT97(@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0Q

Q
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M



3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]2







3`@86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M


65M.R!4




M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

3(T+#0T
3PO9F]N


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C$T.2PT


M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXQ
S@L-#$P

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C(X+#`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]



7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I




T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$T
RPR
S0\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-CDL


M






@3F5W(%)O


M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L


]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q




'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




M




'!X)SX-B`F(WA!,#L\+VD^/]P/@T*(#QT86)L
M92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


3`@86QI9VX]
M



3X\8CY996%R($5N9&5D#0H@1&5C96UB97(F
M(WA!
#LS
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






M
T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N

@

C`Q

T0G5D52

M5%1/33H@



M(')G8B@P+#`L


M='EL93TS1=615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F%S96QI;F4[(%!/4TE424]..B!R



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

M5#H@

T0G1D].



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C@L



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXU+#0Q






M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C(L


T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M#0H@97AP96YS93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/D9E9&5R86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXR.PY-30\+V9O;G0^/]T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



M97


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@R+#`U

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B@Y.30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@



T1T


@




T0R

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

F4],T0R/C<V,CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52




T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/



#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


@3F5W

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

T0G0D]21$52

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M



M4D1%4BU#3TQ


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
3XH
BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L

M

3Y%


T1T;W`^4F5C;VYC



T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N
M;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N



M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R




M:#TS1#8S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


$$P.S(P
M,3,F(WA!,#LF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@

M5$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B



65M.R!4



U)3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXE
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



@3F5W(%)O

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA






M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B@U+C
\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/BDE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97

M9&]W;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXP+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B4F(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E





M.B`G5&EM97



1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E





@

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXH

M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@P+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B@P+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E

T0R/BDE)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF






M93TS1#(^)2DF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M97


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXP+C
\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
!S;VQI9<^)B-X


T1B;W1T;VT^





T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/




T1T;W`^1&5F

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.





2!D:69F97)E


M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X)SX-B`\:2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(&UE



'!X)SX-B`F(WA!,#L\+VD^
M/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]
3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G









7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CXR




M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4






M:7IE/3-$

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M


CY3:&%R92UB87-E
M9`T*(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C$L-C

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
F4],T0R/D%C8W)U960-B!L:6%B:6QI=&EE





63H@)U1I




M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

F4],T0R/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]F;VYT/CPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C0L

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXT+#$T
M




T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

RPS
#
\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
2PV


63H@)U1I




M
F4],T0R/C$L-3<T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/B@U
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L




M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


1494.B`S96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^*#$V
RPR.#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@

T0R/BDF(WA!







M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXH
3`X+#(W-CPO

M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@Q




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



T0G1D].



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M






'!X)SX-B`F(WA!,#L\+VD^
M/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]
3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]





05!313H@


T1T
M;W`@=VED=&@]

T0G1D].

3XH
BD\+V9O



2XR(&UI


]


M

M+49!34E

M;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G1D].5U325I%
M.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].
M5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M

M.B!N;W)M86P[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P




T0Q/B8C

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\





B!A;&EG

63H@)U1I;65S

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
M
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M


M97

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C(V+#4X.#PO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M-RPW-C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

F4],T0R/E1O=&%L
M/]F;VYT/CPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



@


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3DW+#(T

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L





]


'!X.R!&3TY4



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!X)SX-B`\:2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(&UE9&EU



'!X)SX-B`F(WA!,#L\+VD^/]P
M/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D


M

63H@

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/&(^
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ
PT,S,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


T1B


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@




CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXR



M97

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXT-3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

@9F]R('!R

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXH
M


V5M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/DQA

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXH
M
2PS
3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


T1B;W1T




M


M97

M)B-X03`[
S$\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


@

3`L-#

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X(&1O

#L\+W1D/@T*



M

]



C-E
M7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C

M


2!R;W=S


3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3


]
M




T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T





M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT






M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/D%M


3XF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/







30@86QI9VX]


3X\8CXH26X@=&AO

3XF(WA!
#L\



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C8V
BPV-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C(N
C`\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY
97-S

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B@Q-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/BDF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@Q
M-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M9RUT97)M#0H@9&5B=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#PO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\



$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO:3X\

05!313H@8V]L;&%P


T1T;W`@=VED
M=&@]



M

@




M(&-R961I=`T*(&9A8VEL:71Y+!497)M($QO86X@02TQ+!A;F0@5&5R;2!
M;V%N($$M

M86QI9VX]

;VYG+51E


T1J=7-T



@;V8@


V
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3X\8CY4;W1A;#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]



#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N



#M
;V%N)B-X03`[02TR/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&4]

M87`]





M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].




T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



F4],T0R/C(Q+#(U,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#4P
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@





M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

F4],T0R/C(P,38\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PR-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF








63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M86QI9VX]





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B

M93TS1#(^
3DP+#`P
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



3@W+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


BPU
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q





1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



M




M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



BPU
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



T1B;W1T




M;2!N;W=R87`]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


C
U+#`P
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


T0R/B0\+V9O



T1B




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(T-RPU,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M




T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

MB`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/]D:78^

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X



M
S$L(#(P

M

05!313H@8V]L


M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^



M(')G8B@P+#`L


M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF



#M
;V%N)B-X03`[02TQ/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M








#M!+3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/E)E=F]L




C`Q
M-#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



#`\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




T1B


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C4L


3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M86QI9VX]



F4],T0R/C(P,34\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C4L


3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@








M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C(V+#(U
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXR+#4P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




F4]
M

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M86QI9VX]



3DU+#`P
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3@W+#4P
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


BPU
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



T1N



F4]
M




C`Q
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF









C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M
CDQ+#DY
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF


T0R/E1H97)E869T97(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW,3`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-S4L
M


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

T0G



M9V(H


M9V(H


#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*





T0G0D]21$52




T0G34%2


T0R/E1O
M=&%L(&]U='-T86YD:6YG#0H@9&5B=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\




M9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


T0R/B0\+V9O



T1B




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C4P,PP

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXR.3$L.3DP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]








]

T0Q


#$S/&)R/CPO


S$L(#(P
M
3



T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0S-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R.24^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]


M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
&5D#0H@26YT97)E<W0@4F%T97,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO






M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`@





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$




S$L(#(P







3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^
M07
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@9&5R:79A
M=&EV97

M9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='



T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=&@]
T0V-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]



T0Q/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





T0Q


M/3-$

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T


T0Q/CQB/BA)

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M


M

M=F4[($)/5%1/33H@


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/C0X.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/D-O;6UO9&ET:65S#0H@8V]N=')A8W1S)B-X03`[)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
M




F4],T0R/C$L,38R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G




30[)B-X03`[)B-X






T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




T0R/B8C



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



F4],T0R/C$X+#(V,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M






M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M







M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/C0X+#8V.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF


T0R/E1O=&%L#0H@9&5R:79A=&EV97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M9VX]


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R





M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M


T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XH
2D\+V9O



@86YD
M#0H@86-C;W5N='




B!M;VYT:'
@9G)O






M2&5D9V5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=CX-

#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE('-T


M/3-$

T1C96YT
M97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R(&5N9&5D#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2`L
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^




3`@
M86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


M9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


T0R/B@S
C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH1V%I;G


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M4E1)0T%
+4%


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#`S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O







M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(W@R



R4@86QI9VX]
T1L







T0G0D]2

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XH
BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N

T0G





M;V8@1&5R:79A=&EV97

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^02!S=6UM87)Y

@;65A

M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD#0H@
C`Q




'!X

M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P







M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY


#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N


T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L(#(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



#LF(W@R
#$T.R8C



F4],T0R/B0Q+#$V,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M





M;&4]



T0R/B0Q+#$V
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT@





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT@




M;W=R87`]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G




30[)B-X03`[)B-X


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF












63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CYA

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY$96-E;6)E



B!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY
979E;`Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\
M8CY


B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY
979E;`S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D






M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


30[)B-X03`[0V]M;6]D:71I97
@8V]N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD)B-X
C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C





M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




M;W=R87`]


M86QI9VX]





1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
:6%B:6QI='DF(WA!
#LF
M(W@R

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT.#D\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



T1B

M;&4]

M




T0R/C0X.3PO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



M



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&

T1B;W1T


M1#(^-C8L.3


3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXV-BPY
S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C








63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M96UE;G1S(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L#0H@
C`Q
SH\+V5M/CPO

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&

M/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P






B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY
979E;`Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY
979E


#`P
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N


T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L)B-X03`[
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
F4],T0R/C$Q+#8Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



F4]
T0R






@82!S=6UM87)Y(&]F('1H92!R

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY&86ER#0H@

#LS
2PF(WA!
#LR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\
M8CY,979E;`Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



T0R/C$S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






T0R/B0\

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M





]


]


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L


T0V-4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T




M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

M/&(^3&5V96PF(WA!
#LQ/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


F4],T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L(#,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




30@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT




T0G34%21TE.+4Q%


T0R/D]T:&5R#0H@
M26YV97-T;65N='

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

M5#H@

T0G1D].

M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





30[)B-X03`[)B-X


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

M



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(W@R

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

P
#`P
M
#`@




M.B`C
#`P

M9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@



M:#TS1#$P
4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$




M.S


M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L)B-X03`[
3PO8CX\

M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O





M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY
979E;`S/]B


T1B;W1T;VT@


T0Q/CQB/BA);@T*

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T1B


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY+#@Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!







M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXY+#@Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G







T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`@

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*


M=&EO;B!0;&%N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





@

M(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3
Z/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]P

M.B`Q




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

MB`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M/&(^87

3
\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT









M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CY-=71U86P@1G5N9',\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@




]

]
T1T97AT



M:7
#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P


@82!S=6UM87)Y(&]F


@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS


05!3


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M(WA!
#LS
2PF(WA!
#LR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3XF(WA!




M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T

M1#(^
2PW.3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]




M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W





7!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X)SX-

-B!M96%S=7)E9!A

T0V-R4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T



M('9A;'5E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


S$L)B-X03`[
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


#LR/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C$L.#

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\







M


M





M-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C


M(&-O;G1E;G0]




]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


M4BU#3TQ


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M
S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

3(F(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^



M



T0R/E=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0@

@9W)A;G1E
M9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O












BPV

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$








1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('-H87)E





M87`]



F4]
M



65M.R!415A4




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T




T0R/C(S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L


]

]




T0P




M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T0Q/CQB


T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
M
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P






3XF(WA!
#L\



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E


T0R/D1E86X@1F]O9'


M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C(R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M


M;&4]



T0R/C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





F4]
T0R



65M.R!415A4+4E.

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]







3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

T1B





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O






M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S






M1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C
L


3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


M





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/C@U.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M1#(^-3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M.B`C
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(WA!


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T

M1#(^


3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



M



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO


M96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


@27-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@



M:&4-B!D871E(&]F(&=R86YT('5S:6YG('1H92!;&%C:RU38VAO;&5S('9A


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQB/C(P
3

+4%
24=..B!B



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
M
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

C`Q
3PO




63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R



M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M








30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/C`E/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L







M


M

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY2:7-K+69R964@




T1B;W1T;VT^



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M:#TS1#
E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XH





]


T1J=7-T



M97

M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3
Z/]E;3X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*

M




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M



M/@T*(&]P=&EO;G
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N




M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M)B-X03`[;&EF93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]




1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3
\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXQ.XT-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


T1B;W1T




M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M.XP.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M87`]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M


T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R




F4],T0R/C$L,3,U+#,Y.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


65M.R!415A4+4E.


F4]
T0Q




M




T0R/B@W+#8T
BPQ


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

#LS
M
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

T0G1D].




T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G




30[)B-X03`[)B-X


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M9VX]




M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


65M.R!415A4+4E.



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C






F4]
M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

M;W=R87`]



65M.R!4



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR,2XV
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



T0R/C
L
3
S+#$T.#PO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%2


T0R/D]P
M=&EO;G

#$S

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R




M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M







T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#
E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XH



T0Q



T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


F(WA!
M



#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


Q+`R,#$S+`R
M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB
M/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D




3`@86QI9VX]
M


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BXS-#PO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#

]
M









1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY24U5S(&]U='-T86YD:6YG#0H@

3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G



M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



S4\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M3$5&5#H@

T0G




U

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$




T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@


F4]
M










M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B@T



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF


T0R/E)357
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


P
#`P
#`@





M/3-$
R4@86QI9VX]


T0Q/B@Q*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^

M36%Y)B-X03`[
C
L(#(P
3


M;6]N('-T;V-K+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B


]


M;&4]





M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-




P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]





M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R





M9VX]




T0C0T-%

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$58




T0Q





T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M



V5M.R!415A4+4E.




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

BPS-C`\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


+4%
24=..B!B87-E;&EN93L@4$]3251)3TXZ


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
C
V+#(X.3PO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$Q+C




M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&

T1B;W1T;VT@





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





30[)B-X03`[)B-X




M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@,'!X.R!,24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@.'!X
M.R!724142#H@,3`E)SX-B`F(WA!

M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^


4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A



M
C
L(#(P
3


M=V%R9'



]







M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M

T1C96YT97(@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R(&5N9&5D#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!





C`Q
SPO8CX\

M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



C`Q




63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%
M149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.


T0R/E=E:6=H

M(&]F(&]P=&EO;G
@9W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M/3-$)U9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B87-E;&EN93L@4$]3251)3TXZ(')E;&%T


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



T0R/C0N-S(\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT+C`T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]






M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXT-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/C$P-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#8U
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M
RPT
S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/C0V
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O





#`P
`P+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@.'!X.R!724142#H@

M=&@]
T0Q

M86QI9VX]


T0Q/D1E86X@1F]O9'


L(&5X96-U=&EV92!O9F9I8V5R

#$S+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@



]




M('1O#0H@=&AE(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P





T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@



M

M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D


B!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]




M





1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



F4],T0R/B@V+#$P-2PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^





M87`]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(WA!

F4],T0R/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`T*
M(#(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O




30[)B-X




T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P








T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=VED=&@]
T0W
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^





Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\
M8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

F4],T0Q
M/CQB/BA);@T*('1H;W5S86YD<RD\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/D1E86X@1F]O9'





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#`P
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
F4],T0R/C$L-S`X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M5#H@

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C







$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%2


T0R/D1E
M86X@1F]O9'


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]






M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C(L


3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#LF(WA!
M


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M
#`P

M(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P








63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@96%C

M4TE:13H@


T0X-4@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-CDE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!
#ME




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
M
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

C`Q
CPO


F4],T0R/C(X)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR.4\


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP)3PO9F]N=#X\


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]





1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



2XQ
R4F(WA!
#MT

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R/C$N
M


T1T;W`^

#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@



M:6YG#0H@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
SH\

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M

3$%04T4Z(&-O

T0P('=I9'1H

M9!W:61T:#TS1#4U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M.W!R:6-E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M.B`C
#`P

M




M=F%L=64\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXR+#0T-2PS


63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-BXY.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*


1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0Q/CQS




T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/B@Q


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D



65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E




C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




F4]
T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#;VYV97)T960@9G)O;2!$96%N($9O;V1S#0H@870@




F4],T0R/C@L,S`X+#@U-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


65M.R!415A4+4E.



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
2PQ

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C8N
C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV.2PV-S4L,#4W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
2PP
C4L

M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G


T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C8N
C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q



M5#H@

T0G1D].






M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

M;W=R87`]







M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#DW.2PY-#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T






M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

#`P
#`P(#`N

M(%=)1%1(.B`Q

4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0Q


2UB87-E9!A=V%R9'
-


]

]


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M;6%T:6]N(&%B;W5T(&]P=&EO;G
-B!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!$96-E;6)E




M4D1%4BU#3TQ


X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0G

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CYE

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]

M86EN:6YG/&)R(\^#0H@8V]N=')A8W1U86PF(WA!,#ML:69E/]B/CPO9F]N



B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M







B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O



3XF(WA!

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



F4]
M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



T1B;W1T




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LQ
2XQ
#PO9F]N=#X\

M






M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3$N
3`\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M









3$N
3(@=&\@
30N-S$\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




F4]
T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LQ-2XQ-CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I








63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M9VX]




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G


M



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

34N
38\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T1B;W1T;VT^





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^





M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXV,S,L.#DV/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BXW-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-RXP
M,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-RXQ.2!T;R`R
RXS
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0Q






M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\






C`N.#$\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
RXS
M-2!T;R`R-RXV.3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



T1B;W1T




T0R/C$L-S8Q+#4P
CPO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


C4N
CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT








63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M9VX]




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G


M



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

C@N
3@\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BPS
#@\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR.2XS
3PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


38L


M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@

M86QI9VX]


T0R/CQE;3Y4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A

@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@86)O=70@;W5R(%)350T*(&=R



M13H@


T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^


M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!
M



#`P
M

T0R(&%L


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXH
M:6XF(WA!



#MA;6]U;G1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&4]


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#0P.#PO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]







T1T;W`^4W5M

#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M('1H92!Y96%R#0H@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
SH\+V5M

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X

3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


65M.R!415A4



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS-30L




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]






T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(WA!



2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B




M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O





3`N
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

M;&4]

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-

E(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



@=&\@8V]V

M=VAE;B!S:&%R97

M/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P
M)2!B;W)D97(]

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3Y/;B!-87DF(WA!
#LR
RP@
C`Q
R!A;F0@:6X@

M1F]O9'






'0^)SQD:78^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4G(&%L:6=N

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L92!S

M('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3


T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=&@]
T0V.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L







63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M





65M.R!415A4


M87)Y)B-X03`[
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-RXP
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$58


T0R/D=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-2XR
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T




MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M







M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

T1B;W1T

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT







63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

+4%
24=..B!B87-E;&EN93L@4$]3
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(WA!




M='1O;3XF(WA!



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXU-S$L


3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$

E(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L







M97)A9V4@07-S=6UP=&EO;G


]


63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\96T^5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@


#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B`C
#`P

M


F4]


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



T0Q/CQB/C(P



T1B;W1T;VT^

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR.4\

M







T0Q/B8C



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT


'!E8W1E9!O<'1I;VX-B!T97)M/]F;VYT/CPO<#X-B`\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M





F4],T0R/C$N,3,E)B-X03`[=&\F(WA!,#LQ+C8V
M)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


]






T0R/CQE;3Y4:&4@9F]L;&]W



S$L(#(P
3




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




T0Q


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@





#ML:69E/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,3X\8CY!9V=R96=A=&4\8G(@+SX-B!I;G1R:6YS:6
F(WA!
#MV86QU93PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;W(]

2P@
C`Q
M
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-RXP
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


T1B;W1T




3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




F4]
T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&;W)F96ET960@86YD#0H@8V%N




T1B

M;&4]

M





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M;W=R87`]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T1B;W1T




M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D


M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C(Y
RPV.3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-BXT.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO




C@W+#(T-SPO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]





M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




2PX-3
L




S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



F4]
T0R


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



F4]
M



65M.R!415A4



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW


M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-RXP
#PO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



M




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C0Q.PP
C@\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M:#TS1#
E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XH






M
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B







]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($9/3E0M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4

151415(M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@






63H@)U1I


M+#`I.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M/3-$


T0Q/CQB/D1E9FEN960F(WA!
M

M='EL93TS1=615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F%S96QI;F4[(%!/4TE424]..B!R


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]2



M=&UE;G0\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M

I/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3
\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$






M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PX.#@\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY!



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B@Q+#
X.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/B@Y




M1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




@3F5W


7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M



#L\



M


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
3DL


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D)A;&%N



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXR
#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXH-SDS

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@W+#@U


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S



T0R/BDF
M(WA!



M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!




M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$U-G!X)SX-
MB`\:2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(&UE9&EU;3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ

M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L


R4@86QI9VX]
T1L

@3F5W(%)O

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#$^5&AE(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@;&]S

4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D


T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
M

M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/E1H92!A




'0O:'1M;#L@


]


M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^




]


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(




M

#$S+`T*(#(P


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M


T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[
M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
M

T0X-4@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-S`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@




63H@)U1I



M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^





@3F5W(%)O


T0Q/B8C

T0C0T-%

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PX
#0\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



RPQ-C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXQ+#8X



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PV-3@\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@



T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXU



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2





M9!96YE9FET($]B;&EG871I;VX@86YD($9A:7(@5F%L=64@;V8@4&QA;B!!

#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M

@

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





M:F5C=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;B!A;F0@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@

@9F]R#0H@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P

Q+`R,#$S(&%N
M9`R


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=VED=&@]
T0W
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]

M
3X\8CY996%R)B-X03`[96YD960F(WA!

Q+#PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I






M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/B8C

3
F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

@3F5W(%)O

C`Q
M






T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T



T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A


65M



3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97




M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PW


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



T0C0T-%


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO


T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXI)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M969I='





M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

V5M










T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
R
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M(WA!



M


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@

3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT





M.B`G5&EM97


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O






M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M


T0Q




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1T


@

F(W@R
#$Y
M.PT*(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/D)E;F5F:71S('!A:60\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







M;W(]



M.B`G5&EM97



CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXQ.34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
3$L-S

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXY+#@Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M(WA!



M


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]








M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B









M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@3F5W

M87)I86P@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


S$L(#(P
3
@86YD
M(#(P
3(@:7
@87


M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!X)SX-B`\:2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(&UE9&EU



'!X)SX-B`F(WA!,#L\+VD^/]P
M/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

3X\8CXR
#$S
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/E=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@9&ES

M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C
N-SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

65M


CY2871E(&]F(&-O;7!E

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N







T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.








M0TE.1SH@

M


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M








M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L





M:7IE/3-$

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXS+C4P

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXE)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



M


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXS+C@X




3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52






7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]2





$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/D-O;7!O;F5N='


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



2PW-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ+#0P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$L
M



1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C4R
SPO9F]N=#X\





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/D%M;W)T:7IA
M=&EO;CH\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT





M:7IE/3-$







M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R



M
F4],T0R/C<S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52



M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97


T1B


T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PW
C`\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]




T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O

M




]
T1R93X-

M17AC97-S(&]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M3$]2.B!R9V(H




63H@)U1I;65S


M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L


T1B;W1T

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M*$EN#0H@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXS+#8P


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C
L
C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

M;VX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY&86ER



M97

2PY
#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q



]
T1T97AT


T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(
M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$






M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!#3TQ/



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




@3F5W(%)O



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C(P
34\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT





M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



T0R

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/CDP



T0Q/B8C







]



M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q



M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

M3TQ


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-
MB`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@



M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0Q/B8C

T0C0T-%



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*









M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M


@*&YE=D\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
2PV
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




T1T;W`^


@3F5W

M
S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1T;W`^


@3F5W

M971S.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O




M


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M


CY0=7)C:&%S97
L('-A



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@



M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


$$P.S
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO




M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%)E9V%R9&EN



'!X


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/E1H92!L87-T#0H@8V]L=6UN(&EN('1H92!T86)L

M=F4M8F%R9V%I;FEN9R!A9W)E96UE;G0@=&\@=VAI8V@@=&AE('!L86X@:7
-


G!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P

M34E

M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY096YS:6]N#0H@9G5N9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52





M
T0Q/CQB/E!E;G-I;VX\8G(@+SX-B!P;&%N/&)R(\^#0H@;G5M8F5R/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4








M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT



3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


CXP
#$\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0G1D].



63H@




M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L






M
'!X)SX-B`F(WA!,#L\+VD^/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]





]


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQI

63H@)U1I


M+#`I.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M97

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
M
2P@
C`Q
RP@
C`Q
BP@86YD(#(P
3$@*&EN#0H@=&AO=7-A;F1S*2X\+V9O

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@






M
'!X)SX-B`F(WA!,#L\+VD^/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

M

MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-

T0Q/B8C

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$




B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/E!E;G-I;VX\8G(@+SX-B!P;&%N/&)R(\^
M#0H@;G5M8F5R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/



M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H





M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


@


M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M






T0Q

3$F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C`P

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G







@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR
M86(S



M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!4





'!X)SX-


@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F(&]N92!Y

T0G1D].5U325I%
M.B!M961I=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].
M5U605))04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M

M.B!N;W)M86P[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N

@


T1B


M

3X\
M8CXH26XF(WA!

I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97

C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C


C8\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXX+#(P


65M.R!4


CXR

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF







M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXV.2PV
#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q-&5F96(O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]

#L@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@





M:#H@


M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO:3X\+W`^#0H@




M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0Q


Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



T0R

M5&EM97

C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

3X\
M8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97

M97

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXD

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PY
C$L-#0T


T0G


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!





CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXT
3@L

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M


M


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C(L-30R+#`V
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C(L


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C(L

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52



#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/D]P97)A=&EN9PT*(&EN8V]M93H\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^


M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY.;W)T

T1B


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M97


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$S
M-RPX


63H@)U1I;65S


M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C(P+#@W.3PO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C
L-S

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXR-RPX-S
\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L









T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C(S-BPP
S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$V-2PV.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*



T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C



M97


1494.B`S
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M.B`G5&EM97


T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/B@S
BPV-C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@

T0R/BDF(WA!


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*




M9VX]


M


T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#5E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG




@

3@L

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXY



@



T0R/B8C
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^3W1H97(@*&EN8V]M92D@
M97AP96YS92P-B!N970\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXI)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M






M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



38Y+#
W

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C$V-BPT
C

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2




M;&4]




T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O




M/3-$


M

T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4T+#0Y


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA





M.B`G5&EM97




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXQ.2PX-34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E









M97

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M;3XF(WA!



M;&4]


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C@Q+#DP


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C8W+#DY
#PO9F]N=#X\



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




T1B;W1T






M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L



M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E1H92!F



M+51/4#H@
'!X)SX-B`\:2!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(&UE9&EU;3L@



'!X)SX-B`F(WA!,#L\+VD^/]P/@T*
M(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


3`@
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

3X\8CY996%R(&5N9&5D#0H@1&5C
M96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^





M34E

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C`Q
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


3XF
M(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


1494.B`S96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXD

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N





T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4X
BPW-C0\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C4Q
BPR
C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*



M97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF





M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

S8X+#4U



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

M1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E1O=&%L

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXR+#4T
BPP-C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXR+#(X.2PT
S@\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#`R-2PW-3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M




T1B;W1T



W!X


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@






'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<[($9/3E0M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E4
M12U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]21U3

M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M

T1C96YT97(@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0Q

Q
M+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT







T0Q/CQB
M/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N

@

C`Q



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

3X\
M8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97


M

T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$L
M-30Y+#`S


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I







M)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY#
M;W)P;W)A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\





T0R

M;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXS



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-


1494.B`U96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXR+#(X

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]




T1B



M


T0G0D]21$52+51/





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*


1494.B`S
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


M8V$\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF






M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M-#0V+#`Y



M.B`G5&EM97




@3F5W(%)O




M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXQ-RPU-#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M9VX]


M


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



T1B;W1T





M9VX]

38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M



T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



W!X(&1O=6)L


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M







T0Q/CQB
M/C(P
3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT



I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY
BPT
3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXQ
3


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE






M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$




CXF(W@R






M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R




T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


1494.B`U96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T0G1D].


T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L









]


]








@3F5W

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



@86YD(&1I;'5T960@
M96%R;FEN9W

T0G1D].5U325I%.B!M961I
M=6T[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@1D].5U605))
M04Y4.B!N;W)M86P[(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&



M
4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-C$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



M9V(H


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@96YD960-

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B







@



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*


M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M3G5M97)A=&]R.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



M92!T;R!4:&4@5VAI=&57879E($9O;V1S($-O;7!A;GD\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M3BU
1494.B`U96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D%V



T0R

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@





M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C`N-S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



T0C


M



M/3-$
CXF(W@R


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
XP,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF





1494.B`S
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T1B


M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


M5&EM97

XW,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@




T1B;W1T




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
3$T+#



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T



M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


30[)B-X03`[8F%S:6
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97




M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C@R
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#5E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT




T0Q/B8C


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


30[)B-X03`[)B-X


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`U96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



C`Q-#LF
M(WA!

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXQ-3



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

34P+#`P
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M97

@96%R;FEN9W

M87)E#0H@9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M('1O(%1H92!7:&ET95=A=F4@1F]O9'

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
XW,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

@96%R
M;FEN9W


M97)A=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

3PO



@

#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/BDF
M(WA!



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M




CPO9F]N


M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M/3-$
3XT+#`T-2PS
#D@86YD(#(L-#0U+#
R-R!A;G1I+61I;'5T:79E(&]P
M=&EO;G
@=V5R90T*(&5X8VQU9&5D(&9R;VT@=&AE(&-A;&-U;&%T:6]N(&9O

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
2P-B`R,#$S(&%N
M9`R

4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG


T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

M34E



Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R



M9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
M
F%B




^+RH@1&\@


$5-

T0Q/C$R


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^






M5T5)1TA4.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H


M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L




M
T0V
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!








T0Q/CQB
M/E-E8V]N9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

3X\8CY&
M;W5R=&@\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT








M/3-$
CX\8CXR

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!




T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXR
C0L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXR



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
S@L



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

S$L
M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXR-PR.3,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C$Y+#4T


65M.R!415A4

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@




M




M1#(^*#

65M


CY.970@:6YC;VUE(&%T
M=')I8G5T86)L90T*('1O(%1H92!7:&ET95=A=F4@1F]O9'

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C
Q+#(P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C0L

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXQ.2PU-#$\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M(&)G8V]L;W(]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M97



MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M0F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W


T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

XQ.#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

XQ
M,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W




M/3-$
CY.970@:6YC;VUE(&%T=')I8G5T86)L90T*('1O(%1H92!7:&ET95=A
M=F4@1F]O9'

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C`N
3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C`N
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



T0C



M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO


M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

F4],T0R/DYE=!I;F-O;64@871T<FEB=71A8FQE#0H@=&\@5&AE(%=H:71E

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O




@3F5W

XQ.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@

XQ,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!4


CX\8CXR

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




@3F5W


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4W
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXQ.3(L


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ.34L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
#0L-C

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXR


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C
Q+#


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C8L
S@S
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXR-BPR.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97




M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C
P+#DY

M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY.970@
M:6YC;VUE(&%T=')I8G5T86)L90T*('1O(%1H92!7:&ET95=A=F4@1F]O9'
@







M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C(V+#
X
SPO



@

C8L

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXR
M.2PW
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S






@



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

@96%R;FEN9W

M87)E.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M

M


M97


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

XQ.#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

XQ.3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W(%)O



T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C`N
C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C`N
3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT







M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3PO9F]N=#X\



@3F5W(%)O

XQ.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@




@3F5W

XQ.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#L@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@<F=B
M*#`L
PP*2`P+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@.'!X.R!724142#H@

M4TE:13H@;65D:75M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($9/3E0M5D%224%.5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4

151415(M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q





T0Q


M:#TS1#$P
4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(#QP

63H@

T0Q/DEN8VQU9&5S(&%N(&%D9&ET
M:6]N86P@)#

N
R!M:6QL


M(&%S('=E;&P@87

#MM:6QL



#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR
M86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U
M-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5
0D--/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@




M=&EO;F%L($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^/]S=')O

M

]


]


]


]

T0Q/C$P


T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

3(@36]N=&AS($5N

M

]

]

]

]

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M86X]


C0L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`Q-2P@
C`Q


M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#4L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^1&5A


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C
L
M(#(P
3


@3F5T($EN

M/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@
C`Q


@02!;365M8F5R

M

C`Q


C`Q


@



@02!;365M8F5R73QB



]


M(%M


]





]





]





]



]



]
T1R





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]

M97


]


34U
M+#`P


]





]





]





]


]






]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]
T1N=6UP/C4P



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T






]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG16%C

@8V]N=F5R=&EB



]



]




]
T1N
M=6UP/C$W






]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]



]



]




]


RPP
#`L
#`P/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]





]





]



]



]





M


]



]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT





]


]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]





]





]





]



]


]





]





]
T1N=6UP/C8U


#`\



]
T1T




]




]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^






]




M


]
M




]




]



]





]



]



]


]

]





]



]
T1N=6UP/C
N




]



]





]





]





]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


]
M




]



]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T


]





]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y-87D@
C


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]



]


C`Q
SQS

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


]
M



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]




]






]
T1T




]







]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]



]
T1P

M=&]C:R!I;G1O($-L87-S($$@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

3
L




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



M.#(L
#@V+#`P


]








]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

#QS

]
T1T97AT








]




]



M;W=N97)S:&EP(&EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]




]





]



]



]







]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]



]




]



]







]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT

M-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B





]

T1)1#!%


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

]



]



]


]



]




]


T1T;W`^36%C:&EN97)Y(&%N




]


]
T1R


]



]



T1T



]
M






M=&]P/D-O;7!U=&5R(%-O9G1W87)E(%M-96UB97)=('P@36%X:6UU;2!;365M




@





]



]
T1T97AT/B=/=F5R('1H


#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?
M9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y
M-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\



]

M:6YI;75M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





]

]
M



M86QI9VX]






M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG








]






]






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E
M7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



@+2!!9&1I

]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]



3(@36]N=&AS

RP@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/D-O;7!E;G-A=&EO
M;E!L86X\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q


@02!;365M8F5R

M97)S;VX\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q


T1T

M4&]L:6-I97


]







]




]



]


]
T1R

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^






]


]

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]
T1T97AT





38Y+#4P

]

]
T1T97AT





S`P+#`P


]


]


M;7`^
C0W+#4P

]
T1N=6UP/C$W
2PY
#`L








]






BPS
#`L

3$L
3`P+#`P







]






T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@9F]R

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3(S+#(P



]








]


T0S/C$R($UO;G1H




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/E-O9FEN


]

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^261A:&\@



M
2P@
C`Q






]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]


#QS


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPT
#`L



]



]



]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

M+#`P


]



]

S$L
#`P+#`P




]





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




M1&YU;7`^-BPT
#`L


96%S92!T97)M:6YA=&EO;B!A;F0@;W1H97(@


]
T1T


L
S`P+#`P

#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
M
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B

M971S+U-H965T-3

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$563T%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

M961U;&4@;V8@3&EA8FEL:71I97

L

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]




L

T1T;W`^0V]S='



]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L
S`V/'-P

RPS
M




]




]


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]S='



]


]






]




]


]


S(\






M($1E8V5M8F5R(#


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q-&5F



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M;G-A8W1I;VYS('=I=&@@36]R;FEN9W-T87(@1F]O9'
L($Q

M;F=S=&%R(BD@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(A$971A:6PI(A5


^

M
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R




]

\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PT
M.3`L



2PU
3
L


T1T



M:6]N(%M


]





]
T1T






M:6]N(%M


]






]



M='






]
T1R





T1T;W`^36]R;FEN9W-T87(@6TUE;6)E

]
T1T



]


]


M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
M

O4VAE970U-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M;G


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M92!3=&%T96UE;G0L($)A;&%N8V4@4VAE970@86YD($%D9&ET:6]N86P@1&ES



M-RPQ



]
T1N=6T^*#$V+#4U


]

]


M92!3=&%T96UE;G0L($)A;&%N8V4@4VAE970@86YD($%D9&ET:6]N86P@1&ES



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-

30\





M;G5M/B@U
#









M=%\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C







]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^2&5R

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#
P+`R
M,#$Q/&)R/E)A8VAE;=S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1R

]



]



]



M.#`P+#`P

M86QI9VX]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

]
M




]



]


RPV
#`L


]

M+#4P


]




#`L

C-E7S0P965?
M8C0S
%]D.3)A8C

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^



]



]

]


M

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E
M9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
M
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C








]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


:6YE

]
T1T



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
M





]

]
T1R:#X-

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


:6YE($ET96US

]






]





]

\+W1D



]






]




T1T;W`^/'-T

]






]
T1R:#X-



]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E
M7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



L('5N;&5S



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]
M






M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
M
S!?9#DR86(S

O4VAE970V






M9'



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q



]




]
T1T




S
V/'-P86X^

#`L





]
T1N=6UP/C
L





T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&PL
M(&5N9&EN9R!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

BPS-#








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W
M85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C




M97%U:78]


]




L


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


]



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXV/'-P


M85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C

M;G1E;G0]



@3W1H97(@
M5&AA;B!';V]D=VEL;`H1&5T86EL*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN(%1H;W5S86YD


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M(%M


]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S('=I=&@@9FEN:71E(&QI


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

T1T;W`^26YT86YG:6)L92!A


3@L-S@Y*3QS


]

M1&YU;7`^


]


T1T







M='

SDL





M/B@Q-RPX






]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

M;VYG/D9I;FET92!
:79E9!!;F0@26YD969I;FET92!,:79E9!);G1A;F=I














]
T1N=6UP/C
U
M


]



]

]
T1P

M;&EV97
L($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]
T1N=6T^*#DV




M+R\O0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B+U=O

O4VAE970V
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO

]
M



]


]

]
T1N=6UP

]

BXU




M

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E


M;G0]

^#0H@

@;V8@06-C;W5N='
@4&%Y86)L



#$S

]
T1R





]
T1R



]






]



]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q-&5F96(O




]



@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN

^
3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



]



]
T1P


L


]






]





T1T;W`^26YT


]
T1N=6T^*#8P





M+#`P




:6%B:6QI

]
T1T97AT






T1T;W`^0V]N=')I

3
L
M
S`P+#`P





]




]


PP,#`I/'-P86X^/]S

]


M
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B







]



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]



M
T1T;W`^1&]M97-T:6


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;CPO=&0^#0H@




T1T;W`^

M;64@=&%X97

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
38Y+#
W


#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR
M86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U
M-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5!1T%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@





^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S0L


T1T;W`^4W1A



]
T1P








]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L-#4T/'-P

C@L



]




]

]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y.30I/'-P

]

S`L-3$Q/'-P

]







V5?
M-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B





]

T1)1#!%1T@^#0H@(`@(`\

M8V]M92!487@@17AP96YS92`H4&%R96YT:&5T:6-A;D@*$1E=&%I;D@*%53

]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




T1T;W`^26YC;VUE('1A

]
T1N=6T^

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B
M-#
P7V0Y
F%B




^


M1$E$




M;CTS1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



]
T1R;SX-


U)3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]
T1N=6UP/C
N-3`E




]









]

M:G5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+C@P





M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+C$P)2D\





]
T1R;SX-





S


S$N

C-E7S0P965?8C0S
M
%]D.3)A8C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@



^
3(@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO




]


]
T1N=6UP/C
U+C`P

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B
M-#
P7V0Y
F%B




^


M1$E$




M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



]




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]






]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L


M
RPS
#



]



T1T;W`^5F%L
M=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97



]
T1N=6UP/C8P+#



T1T


]
M


]




]
T1N=6T^*#(W
2PU-C(I/'-P

C0Y


]

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?
M9#DR86(S

O4VAE970W
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]



2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

C-E7S0P965?8C0S
M
%]D.3)A8C



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@


M9&%T960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C8L-3@X/'-P


]


]





]



M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U.31D-38W85\P,C-E7S0P965?
M8C0S,%]D.3)A8C,Q-&5F96(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S

M:&5E='

T0G=&5X






]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P


]



]

BPU-S


Y+#@V



]

M;W-I=&EO;G

]



]

M=&EO;G
@9F]R('!R:6]R('EE87)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1N=6UP/C$L







]


M9VX]



M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L-#

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q



]


M9&EN9R!$96)T(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U





]






]
T1N=6T^*#$U+#`P

]


]


]


BXR


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
M.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q-&5F96(O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



]



T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@







M:'

M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'







M/3-$

M

M;'-P86X]
T0X/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


^

]

]

]

]

]



M
#$R/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^5U=&

M/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q





]
T1T:#Y*
M86XN(#





S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^5&5R;2!
;V%N
M($$M


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^5&5R;2!
;V%N
M($$M

M/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N
M+B`P
BP@




#$T

#$V(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P
BP@




S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^5&5R;2!
M;V%N($$M

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^5&5R;2!
M;V%N($$M

M/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M2F%N+B`P
BP@




M

#$V(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P
BP@
C`Q-#QB



#(L(#(P
30\8G(^5&5R
M;2!
;V%N($$M

M97)=/&)R/C(P


]











#(L(#(P
30\8G(^5&5R;2!
;V%N
M($$M

M/C(P


]




#$X(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E53
M1`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P
M
BP@



#(L(#(P
M
30\8G(^5&5R;2!
;V%N($$M

M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/C(P

]


M


]


#$S


M+B`P
BP@






M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB


M/D1E8RX@
#DL(#(P
3

M($9A8VEL:71Y($UA='5R:6YG(&]N($IU;'D@
3`L(#(P
3


M96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`P.2P@
C`Q



&%C.RD\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M


#$R/&)R/E-U8G-I



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



S$L(#(P
3

M0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y($UA='5R:6YG(&]N($IU;'D@
3`L(#(P
3
@6TUE


#$S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/DQE


C!A
M8SLI/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P






]





]
T1T97AT





]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4P+#`P


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


M(#@U


]




#`P+#`P


]




]
T1T




#`L



]



#`L




&%C.R`Q+#`P
M


]

[(#$L
#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP

[(#$P+#`P


]


]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M





]





]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P






]





]





]





]


M='

#`\



]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]




]
T1T




]



]




]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C(N
#`E


]
T1T




]



2XU


]



]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]




]
T1T97AT/B=

@

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]





]
T1T97AT/B=
24)/4B!P;'5S(#$N-S4E


]
T1T




]







]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]





]








]
T1N=6UP/C0L.#`P
M+#`P

]
M




]


PP,#`L,#`P/'-P86X^/]S

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]








]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


]
M



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C4P


]





]



]



]

]
M






]





]



M-3`P+#`P







]
T1T





CDQ+#DY


]


#`L
#`P+#`P
M

#`L




]





]





]



]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT





]





]





]



]




T1T;W`^1&5B



]



]



]




]
T1T

M=&5X=#Y/8W0@



]





]



M



]
M




]



]



]

]
T1T




]





]


3(L-3`P+#`P





]




#`\

M+#4P






]



]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4L
#`P+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C4L
M
#`P+#`P


]





]





]



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]




]



]


]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





T1T;W`^3F5T(&QE=F5R86=E(')A=&EO(&9O



]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]




]





]






]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]

]




]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!P=7)C



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]



]



]





\+W1D




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT


M;7`^-3`P+#`P



]





]





]




]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]





M

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P







]




]






]


S`P
M+#`P

]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]



]


RPR
M
#`L



]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


M/5].97AT4&%R=%\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q-&5F




M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



M
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^5&5R;2!
;V%N($$M





#$T/&)R








M=&@^2F%N+B`S
2P@





]






T1T;W`^




BPU



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PP



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#(U
#QS

]
T1N



]


BPU




T1T
M;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/C4L




]
T1N=6UP/C$X-RPU


BPU



]





#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



CDY+#0Y



]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#`P



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

C
U
M+#`P


]


]





M








2PY

M-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B





]

T1)1#!%





R!-
M;VYT:'


B!-;VYT:'


T0Q/CPO

]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$R/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


S$L(#(P
3

M4F%T92!3=V%P(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/D1E86X@1F]O9'
@3F5T($EN=F5S=&UE

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/DEN




]




]





]



@

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]





]
T1R


]







]



]
M



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C`P+#`P




]






]





]



]



]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^





]



]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




2PP
#`L
M

M;7`^-34L
#`P+#`P



]





T1T;W`^3F5T(&=A:6X@;VX@9F]R96EG;B!C

]
M





]


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C8P



]








]
T1T








]





]


M

]
M



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?
M-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B






$524%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]




M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


]

]




]



]
T1R

M(#


#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?
M9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y
M-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



3X\

@4F5C;W)D960@

@




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]


]









M(%9A;'5E(%M



]



]









]


]
M

]






]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97
@3&EA8FEL:71I97
\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#(V


]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]
T1R



]

]
T1N=6UP


M4&%R=%\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C



M/3-$240P14E%04

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\






T1T;W`^*$=A:6YS*2]L;W-S97
@;VX@9F]R96EG;B!C




]



]



C-E
M7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C

M


M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]




]



]


]

M=&EV97






]



]


L($9A:7(@



T1T;W`^3&EA8FEL:71Y+!&86ER(%9A;'5E/]T9#X-






]




]






]


]




]


]

]






]


]
T1R:#X-







]

]





M9VX]




]



T1T;W`^3&5V96P@
B!;365M8F5R72!\($EN



]



]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&EA8FEL:71Y+!&86ER(%9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@


]
T1R:#X-







]


T1T;W`^3&5V96P@



M;'5E(%M


]



]


M/3-$=&]P/DQE=F5L(#



:6YE($ET96US73PO

]



]


V5?-#!E
M95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B






]

T1)1#!%2TQ!13X-B`@(`@(#QT



@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE


T1T



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]
T1T



@86YD($AE



3$L-C$W/'-P86X^

3
L
#(X




M9VX]




]

]




979E;`S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@







]

]
T1T


C-E7S0P965?
M8C0S
%]D.3)A8C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

@






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\




T1T;W`^



]


]




]









]


]


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86PL($9A:7(@5F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@

]




]


]


]
M





]






]







T1T;W`^5&]T86PL($9A:7(@5F%L



T1T;W`^3&5V96P@
B!;365M8F5R72!\($]T:&5R($EN







M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]






]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]
T1N=6UP



]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
3$L-S



]


V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B
S$T969E



]
T1R97!O






T1T;W`^/'-T


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]



]







@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=


]
M

]
T1T97AT



]




M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q







]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q


@365A



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@




979E;`Q(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#



T1T;W`^


]



T1T;W`^3&5V96P@
R!;365M8F5R

]




]






]
M


V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B
M


]
M




SXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$

]

T0Q-#XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'



M/3-$
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R

M
#$R/&)R/D1E86X@1F]O9'



M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M
S$L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


@

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


@3F5T($EN=F5S

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




M9'

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M9'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^5VAI=&57879E($9O;V1S(%M-


M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SQB



M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M9'


M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M4&AA;G1O;2!3:&%R97

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

@


2P@
C`Q

#$R

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
C`Q
B!3=&]C:R!);F-E;G1I=F4@4&QA


S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^
C`Q




]
T1T




]





]





]





]




]
M




]



]



]




]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

M;VX@=F5S=&5D(&]N(&=R86YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]



M964@(&]P=&EO;G


]
M




]




]




]


M(&=R86YT960@=6YD97(@=&AE(#(P



T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!A=V%R


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]



]
M




]



]



]




]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T;W`^4&5R
M8V5N=&%G92!O9B!A=V%R9!V97-T:6YG(&]N('1H92!T:&ER9!A;FYI=F5R


]





]





]





]



]







]

]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3@L.3
Q+#`P





#`L





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PW
#`L

M


L-3`P+#`P



P



L-C`P+#`P





S`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
RPP
#`L



]




]

@=V5R


]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]






]
T1T




]





]





]




]



]
T1T97AT



]

]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
M




]




]



]



]
T1R


]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

3`L
M
C`P+#`P


]



]


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]


\







]





]
M




]








]



]




]



]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/C0L
3`P+#`P




]






]





]





]



]


#`L



]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]





]





]





]


M97)I;V1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]



]
T1N=6UP/C(P

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]


V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B
M


]
M




@27-S=65D(A$971A:6PI
M(A7:&ET95=A=F4@1F]O9'

@6TUE

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P


@











M9G)E92!R871E(&]F(')E='5R;B!M:6YI;75M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



]

]
T1T97AT

M-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B





]

T1)1#!%

]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M9VX]


]



]
T1T




]
T1R93X-

R

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#$R


]
T1R;SX-





]





]



]



]

]
M



]




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S0L-C(V+#8X
M


]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]




]


T1T



]






]







]


]





@
B!M;VYT:'
@
M

]


]


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


M85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




S$L(#(P
M
3

M=&\@.2XU


M




M9VX]










M;VYS($]U='-T86YD:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

]


S(L
S8T/'-P




M/C$Q+C$P(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]






]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#4Q+#DV
CQS

]


@




]



]



2!;365M







]
M


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R($]U='-T86YD:6YG











]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
N-#QS

]

]
T1T97AT


L($5X97)C:7-E
M(%!R:6-E(%)A;F=E(%M









T1T;W`^











]

]



L($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E(%)A
M;F=E(%M








]



]
M

2!D







]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38N-S4\

M/C$W+C`P(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]






M

]
M

]
T1T






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@





]

T1T;W`^

3D@=&\@
C
N
S


]



]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C
N
S






]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`N

&5R8VES86)L93PO





]





]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
C
N



T1T;W`^


]
T1R;SX-

]



]

T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R($5X97)C:7-A8FQE


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4N





]





]



]

]

C@@

]


]


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C@N
3@\

M/C(Y+C
Q(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]






M9VX]

]
M

]
T1T





M($]P=&EO;G










]

L(&5X8V5P

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M


]
M





:6YE

]
T1T






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPV




]

]
M




]


]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]




T1T;W`^5V5I





]


M9VX]

@=F5S=&5D/]T9#X-B`@




]
T1R











]


M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\


@6TUE

]
T1R







M:6YG(&]F(%)357



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A


M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B
M-#
P7V0Y
F%B

N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$





M=&57879E($9O;V1S(%M-96UB97)=+!54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S



S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]


]
T1T97AT





T1T;W`^




]



M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E
M7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M1F]O9'


]


]




]
M

M1&YU;7`^

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C4W










T1T;W`^1F]R9F5I
M=&5D+!796EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E/]T9#X-B`@




M86QI9VX]




M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A
M8C




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@



@1W)A;G1S($ES



M1#(^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

]

]
T1T97AT




:6YE($ET96US

]




]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N





]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$N
3



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$N




]



M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]




M87)D(%M


]



3$L
3$Q/'-P86X^


]



]



]




CDS+#8Y



]





]





]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




]



T1T;W`^

M(&5N9&EN9R!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M









T1T;W`^4T%2

M


]



M;R!V97-T+!796EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E(&-O;G1R86-T=6%L(&QI9F4\+W1D



]









T1T;W`^


3@L
#(X/'-P86X^




]
T1T

@4W1O

@27-S=65D(A$971A:6PI(A$96%N($9O;V1S


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q



]




]


]


2XP

]
M





]



]
T1N=6UP/C$N



]
T1N=6UP/C(N


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A
M8C


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P




]
'0^


]



]


]


]
T1R93X-



]

S0L-C(V+#8X
3QS


]










T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R


#@L.#4W*3QS


]



]



@97AE








]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^1F]R9F5I=&5D(&%N9!C86YC96QL960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
N





]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3@N.3@\




]
T1R





]



]
T1P



]
T1R93X-





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPQ
S
L
M


C4P/'-P86X^


]



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R



]

3$Q+#`S




T1T;W`^


]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G



]


]



V5?-#!E
M95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B






]

T1)1#!%1TI!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT



M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q



]

M='


]







M9F]R9F5I=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V







]
T1N=6T^*#0R-RPT.#(I


M-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C



]



M:6-T960@4W1O8VL@56YI='


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]





]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38N




]




M-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B
M




]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO




3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


@3F5T($EN=F5S


]


]

















]

]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@







M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U.31D-38W85\P,C-E7S0P965?8C0S,%]D
M.3)A8C,Q-&5F96(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3DT
M9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S

O
M4VAE970Q

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\


]





]




]


]

]






]












]

T1)1#!%
E-!1SX-B`@(`@

^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\





M9VX]



]




]




M;3XH-C

]

]



]








]
T1N=6UP/C8L









]
T1N=6UP/C$L

2PW


@3F5T($EN=F5S=&UE


]






]






BPT
S





]


]





]




M96UB97)=('P@4&AA;G1O;2!3:&%R97






]




]

]


M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?
M8C0S
%]D.3)A8C





]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P






]






]



]









T1T;W`^5U=&($]P97)A=&EN9R!#;VUP86YY(%M-96UB



]




M87)D(%M


]




C(P/'-P



]


]




M($%W87)D(%M



]



2PW
SD\














]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C8P


]


]


]
M






T1T;W`^
M5VAI=&57879E($9O;V1S(%M-96UB97)=('P@4&AA;G1O;2!3:&%R97
@6TUE


T1T;W`^/'-T

]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L




]

]



]











;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W
M85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C

M=#$P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


@



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



]



]



]

M1&YU;7`^



]






M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q




]


]




I(%M



]



]





I(&)E9F]R92!R96-L87-S:69I8V%T:6]N


T1T;W`^06UO


]
T1N=6T^*#$L






T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92P@16YD:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!B96YE9FET('!L86YS

M86QI9VX]


]

2PX
3@I



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L



]






2PP


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92P@16YD:6YG
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W.3,I/'-P86X^/]S

]







;W-S*2!;3&EN92!)


M
T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92P@0F5G:6YN:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]


]






]


]
M





]
T1P

]

C-E7S0P965?8C0S
M
%]D.3)A8C










]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C



]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P





]

]





T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!M871C






#`L


]


#`L


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-#`P+#`P


]
M




T1T;W`^
'0@9FES8V%L('EE87(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA<W
]
T1N
M=6UP/C$R+#4P






]


]
T1T97AT






@
M;V8@=&AE('!L86YS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U

]


M;B`R



M


]




]


#`E/'-P

M


]


]


]
M


]








]

]
T1N=6UP/C$U


M


]
M






]



]






T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y97(@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]




]









M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

M;B!U;FEO;B!H;W5R;'D@96UP;&]Y965S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]

]



M+R\O0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B+U=O

O4VAE970Q


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5+2D%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


@+2!2



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB

]




]






]
M
T1N=6UP/C(L






]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


#(S
M95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B
S$T969E




]






CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S



M+#@X



]

2PT




]
T1N=6UP/C4Q



]

]
M





T1T;W`^06-T=6%R:6%L(AG86EN*2]L;W-S/]T


T1T;W`^0F5N
M969I='

]
T1N=6T^
M*#


M;G5M/B@S

M/3-$;G5M/B@S







]

]
T1N




]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y





]



]







M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#8L



]
T1R




M86QI9VX]






]
T1N=6UP
M/C




#(S95\T
M
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B
S$T969E8B]7





]



T0S/C$R($UO

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@





]









]

]
T1N=6UP/C


RXX


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D
M.3)A8C

BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5R=FEC92!C;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@



]
T1R93X-

]


]




]




]



]
T1P




]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$W/'-P86X^




]








M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?
M9#DR86(S

O4VAE970Q
3
N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M




M96UE;G0@4&QA;G
@+2!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS('=I=&@@06-C=6UU;&%T960@








]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
RPV


L
C



]
T1N=6UP

M1&YU;7`^


\+W1D/@T*


M-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]




]





T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPQ


V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B
M









#$S/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






]







]

]
M




]

]
M

M;65N='

]





]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$L
M-S



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPW





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q-&5F96(O5V]R




T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]




M



M

:6YE($ET96US

]









]






]

]
T1T97AT/B=.03QS



]


M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y-87(@

]
T1T





]


V5?-#!E95]B
M-#
P7V0Y
F%B

T0G=&5X






^

S$L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S



]
T1R



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PU.3$L



]


M;'1I96UP;&]Y97(@4&QA;G



]



]



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M





]

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
M
F%B


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@+2!!9&1I=&EO

^
3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]
M



M='


]




T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^

]


M;F=E;F-I97
@06YD($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%M


]


96%S92!T
M97)M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG

\







]

T1)1#!%


M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]








T1T;W`^


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-CDL-C`T/'-P86X^


M
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C





]


]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@





]

]



]


]


M;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


]






M96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M


]
T1T97AT


\+W1D/@T*





M:6)U=&EO;B!C96YT97)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]



]



]


M;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


]






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P
M965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C

2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

2!396=M96YT(A$





M9VX]


]


BPP-C


M





]


]







M-#

M;7`^
3@P+#(U


]





]
T1N=6UP/CDL


]
T1N=6T^*#


]
T1N=6UP/C$R
CQS



L
M
C

M;7`^
38Y+#
W


]



]


2PY



]


]


]
M


]



BPQ
C
L

M;7`^
2PY













]


]
T1N=6UP/C

M='


T1T


]


C
V+#`S



]




T1T;W`^3W!E








]


]
M

]
T1P

]
T1T







]
T1N




M86QI9VX]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#$V

]


]










]


]




]


]


M-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B


M(&-O;G1E;G0]




]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P


]
M










]





T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S



M




]



]
T1T









]
T1R;SX-




]
T1N=6UP/CDQ
RPU



]

]


]



]
M







]



]



]









]
T1R



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S8X+#4U.3QS






]





M1#
^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$Q


]
T1T



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPQ-C@L





]





]
T1R;SX-


]







]






M
2PS-3
L
#


2PS
C
L

2PR.3$L



]



]


]
M




]
T1T97AT



]


]


]

M='

]
T1T97AT





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]





]
M



]



]









C
U/'-P86X^



]




T1T;W`^07-S







]




]



C-E
M7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C






]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E86X@1F]O9'



]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
S(L-S`P+#`P

]
M



]




]




]


@




T1T;W`^4F5L871E



BPV.#`L


]








]
T1N=6UP/C(N


BXP


]




]


]




]






T1T;W`^3F5T


]


M:7)Y($=R;W5P($Q

3$
@6TUE


T1T;W`^/'-T

:6YE($ET96US73PO

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
M





]


M($Q

3$



M

:6YE

]
T1T



]




]



]
T1P






M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U.31D-38W85\P,C-E7S0P965?
M8C0S,%]D.3)A8C,Q-&5F96(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO-3DT9#4V-V%?
#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5(3D))/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$





]




S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



]




]








]





]
M




]





]
T1N=6UP/C$U


M(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M9'

]




]
T1T










]






M
T1T;W`^0F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W





30\

M(#`N



















]



T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(&9R;VT@8V]N=&EN=6EN9R!O


]





BPU


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/C$W
RPQ





T1T;W`^




]




]
T1N=6UP/C$U
RPW-S`L

M;7`^
34P+#`P


]


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^0F%S:6
@96%R
M;FEN9W


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M


]




]
T1T



]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C@R
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@56YI='


]



]

M96%R;FEN9W


]



]



]
T1R


]





]

#



;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C
Q-&5F



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P


]
M






]











]





M.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D.3)A8C



]

]

]
T1T



]

M(&-O;'-P86X]

S$L
M(#(P

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





M;F=Z:&]U(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P-2P@


M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`S
2P@
C`Q-#QB


M1'1H/D9E8BX@
C0L(#(P



BP@


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C`P+#`P



]



]
T1R93X-





]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]

P



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

#`L
M



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



2XP


]






]
T1N=6UP/C@U+#`P

]




]


]



BPP
#`L

W-RPP
#`L
#`P/'-P






]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^








]

T1)

M;'1S(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G



]
M




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO

C`Q
CQB

#$R

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



]
T1T




]






#@L
C0T









]



]


]


]










]
T1N=6UP/CDY+#`T
M




2PR







]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
C0L



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
S$L


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT









]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


M


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


3QS






]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]







M











]




]





T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN








#(S95\T
&5E7V(T
S!?
M9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Y
M-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B

M+U-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\







]

]



]


]






#`L



]

P







T1T;W`^4V]F:6YE
M($9O;V1S($)6(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]


]
M








#(S95\T
&5E
M7V(T
S!?9#DR86(S
31E9F5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S4Y-&0U-C=A7S`R
V5?-#!E95]B-#
P7V0Y
F%B
S$T969E8B]7;W)K


T0B=7)N.G-C
M:&5M87

M968]
T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB

T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970R,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C,N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S4N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T
M,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970T-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970U-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-38N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#8S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970V-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970W

T0B4VAE970W
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z


M
T0B4VAE970W.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#`N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T.#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#@W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#DN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DP+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970Y,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M.3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DS+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#DV+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DY+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970Q,#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P,2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`U
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970Q,#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q,YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
34N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970Q,3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3(S
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,C0N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970Q

M/@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U.31D-38W85\P
C-E7S0P965?8C0S
%]D
/.3)A8C
Q-&5F96(M+0T*
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 

 2012
 and 2011
 our retirement plans expenses were as
 follows:

 
 &#xA0;
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Defined benefit
 plans

 
 
2
050
 
 
 
1
804
 
 
 
1
781
 

 

Defined contribution
 plan

 
 
3
163
 
 
 
2
210
 
 
 
2
386
 



Multiemployer pension and
 certain union plans

 
 
1
683
 
 
 
1
658
 
 
 
1
591
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
6
896
 
 
 
5
672
 
 
 
5
758
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
 

 reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the
 projected benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets for
 the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 and the funded
 status of the plans at December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 is as
 follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Change in Benefit
 Obligation:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Benefit obligation at
 beginning of the year

 
 
15
882
 
 
 
11
865
 



 

 
 
1
771
 
 
 
1
409
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Plan participants&#x2019;
 contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Plan
 amendments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Actuarial
 (gain)/loss

 
 
(1
395
 
 
 
1
756
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Exchange rate
 changes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Benefit obligation
 end
 of year

 
 
17
009
 
 
 
15
882
 

 

Change in Plan
 Assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year

 
 
9
819
 
 
 
7
710
 

 

Actual return on plan
 assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Employer contributions to
 plan

 
 
1
492
 
 
 
1
410
 

 

Plan participants&#x2019;
 contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Exchange rate
 changes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Fair value of plan
 assets
 end of year

 
 
11
731
 
 
 
9
819
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Funded status at end of
 year

 
 
(5
278
 
 
 
(6
063
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 


        
        
 

 our key actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit obligations
 as of December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 is as follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Weighted average discount
 rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Rate of compensation
 increase

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 


        
        
 

 our key actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic
 benefit cost for 2013
 2012
 and 2011 is as follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Weighted average discount
 rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected return on
 assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Rate of compensation
 increase

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 


        
        

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Components of net
 periodic benefit cost:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
1
771
 
 
 
1
409
 
 
 
1
311
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected return on plan
 assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Prior service
 cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Unrecognized net
 loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Net periodic benefit
 cost

 
 
2
050
 
 
 
1
750
 
 
 
1
720
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 


        
        
 

 with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets are
 as follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Projected benefit
 obligation

 
 
3
601
 
 
 
3
237
 
 
 
2
147
 

 

Accumulated benefit
 obligation

 
 
3
206
 
 
 
2
822
 
 
 
1
794
 



Fair value of plan
 assets

 
 
1
902
 
 
 
1
463
 
 
 
 
 



 


        
        
 

 pension plan benefit payments to our participants for the next ten
 years are as follows (in thousands):


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

Next five
 years

 
 
7
114
 



 


        
        
 

 reconciliation of the change in the fair value measurement of the
 defined benefit plans&#x2019; consolidated assets using significant
 unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 is as follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Assets
 

 
 
 
 
 



Balance at
 January&#xA0;1
 2012

 
 
7
710
 

 

Actual return on plan
 assets:

 
 
 
 



Relating to instruments
 still held at reporting date

 
 
 
 

 

Purchases
 sales and
 settlements (net)

 
 
1
624
 


 
 

 


 

 



Balance at
 December&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
9
819
 

 

Actual return on plan
 assets:

 
 
 
 



Relating to instruments
 still held at reporting date

 
 
 
 

 

Purchases
 sales and
 settlements (net)

 
 
1
555
 


 
 

 


 

 



Balance at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
11
731
 


 
 

 


 

 



 


        
        
 

 column in the table lists the expiration date of the
 collective-bargaining agreement to which the plan is
 subject.


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Pension
 fund

 
 

 number
 
 

 number
 
PPA Zone
 status
 
 

 implemented
 
 

 provisions
 
 
 date of
 


 agreement

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Western Conference of
 Teamsters Pension Plan

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
March&#xA0;1
&#xA0;2015&#x2014;


&#xA0;2017





 &#xA0;

 
 

We are party to one collective bargaining agreement in
 this multiemployer Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan
 which requires contributions. We are also party to two other
 collective bargaining agreements whose defined contribution plans
 are 401(k) plans that require matching contributions. These
 agreements cover a large number of employee participants and expire
 on various dates between 2014 and 2016.




 


        
        
 

 regarding our contributions to our multiemployer pension plan is
 shown in the table below. There are no changes that materially
 affected the comparability of our contributions to the plan during
 the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011 (in
 thousands).


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 number
 
 
 

 number
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Pension
 fund

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Western Conference of
 Teamsters Pension Plan

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
683
 
 
 
1
658
 
 
 
1
591
 
 
 
 
 



 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 &#xA0;
 
21. Quarterly Results of
 Operations (unaudited)
 

 is a summary of our unaudited quarterly results of operations for
 2013 and 2012:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In&#xA0;thousands
&#xA0;except&#xA0;share&#xA0;and&#xA0;per&#xA0;share&#xA0;data)
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
608
244
 
 
 
615
990
 
 
 
638
518
 
 
 
679
311
 



 

 
 
218
543
 
 
 
224
213
 
 
 
226
452
 
 
 
238
209
 

 

Income from continuing
 operations

 
 
23
998
 
 
 
31
209
 
 
 
24
293
 
 
 
19
541
 



 

 
 
23
998
 
 
 
31
209
 
 
 
24
293
 
 
 
19
541
 

 

Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company

 
 
23
998
 
 
 
31
209
 
 
 
24
293
 
 
 
19
541
 



Earnings per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Basic earnings per common
 share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Net income per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company per common share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Diluted earnings per
 common share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Net income per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company per common share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
552
028
 
 
 
554
446
 
 
 
574
853
 
 
 
608
111
 

 

 

 
 
192
440
 
 
 
195
151
 
 
 
204
638
 
 
 
211
715
 



Income from continuing
 operations

 
 
31
308
 
 
 
26
383
 
 
 
26
292
 
 
 
28
531
 

 

 

 
 
31
308
 
 
 
26
383
 
 
 
26
292
 
 
 
30
990
 



Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company

 
 
31
308
 
 
 
26
383
 
 
 
26
292
 
 
 
29
711
 

 

Earnings per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Basic earnings per common
 share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Net income per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company per common share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Diluted earnings per
 common share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Net income per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Net income attributable
 to The WhiteWave Foods Company per common share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 &#xA0;

 
 

Earnings per common share calculations for each of the
 quarters were based on the basic and diluted weighted average
 number of shares outstanding for each quarter. The sum of the
 quarters may not necessarily be equal to the full year earnings per
 common share amount.




 
 

Includes a non-cash write-down of assets in the amount of
 $7.4 million ($4.5 million net of tax) related to the sale of the
 Idaho dairy farm.




 
 

Includes an additional $3.7 million ($2.3 million net of
 tax) non-cash write-down of assets and $3.3 million ($2.0 million
 net of tax) charge related to lease liabilities
 severance and
 related cost for the sale of the Idaho dairy farm
 as well as
 a
 write-down of $9.8&#xA0;million related to the plan to sell the
 operations of SoFine.



 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 
20.
 Subsequent Events
 

 has evaluated subsequent events through February&#xA0;28
 2014
 which is the date the financial statements were
 issued.


 
On January&#xA0;2
 2014
 the Company acquired Earthbound
 Farm
 one of the largest organic produce brands in North America
 from the existing shareholders in accordance with an Agreement and
 Plan of Merger dated December&#xA0;8
 2013. The acquisition adds to
 our focus on high-growth product categories that are aligned with
 emerging customer trends. The total consideration for the
 acquisition was approximately $600 million
 subject to post-closing
 working capital adjustments and indemnification claims. The
 acquisition was funded by approximately $615 million in new
 borrowings under its senior secured credit facilities
 including
 the incremental term loan A-3 facility. See Note 11 &#x201C;Debt and
 Allocated Portion of Dean Foods&#x2019; Debt&#x201D;. The Company has
 not yet completed an appraisal of the assets acquired and will
 finalize the allocation of the purchase price to the asset acquired
 and liabilities assumed in 2014. Supplemental pro forma information
 of the acquired entity is not available as of the date of these
 financial statements.

 
In connection with the acquisition of Earthbound Farm
 we
 incurred $3.3&#xA0;million in expenses for the period ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013 and an additional $6.1&#xA0;million for the
 period ended January&#xA0;31
 2014
 related to due diligence
 investment advisors and regulatory matters. These costs are
 included in general and administrative expense in our consolidated
 statement of operations.

Joint
 Venture with China Mengniu Dairy Company
On January&#xA0;5
 2014
 the Company entered into a joint
 venture agreement with China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited
 (&#x201C;Mengniu&#x201D;)
 a leading Chinese dairy company. The joint
 venture intends to manufacture market and sell a range of beverage
 products in China. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company
 will own a 49% stake in the venture and Mengniu will own a 51%
 stake. The joint venture also executed an agreement to purchase
 Yashili Zhengzhou (&#x201C;Zhengzhou&#x201D;)
 a subsidiary of
 Yashili International Holdings Ltd (&#x201C;Yashili&#x201D;).
 Zhengzhou&#x2019;s primary asset is a production facility currently
 under construction in China
 where the joint venture intends to
 manufacture its products. Mengniu is the majority owner of Yashili.
 The purchase price for Zhengzhou is expected to be approximately
 $85 million (RMB 510 million)
 including approximately $62 million
 (RMB 377 million) for the purchase of equity and the balance for
 the repayment and assumption of debt and other obligations. Each
 joint venture party&#x2019;s share of the purchase price for
 Zhengzhou will be consistent with its ownership interest in the
 venture. The parties expect to make additional investments to
 support the start-up and commercialization of the joint
 venture.
The formation of the joint venture is subject to various
 governmental approvals in China which are expected to be obtained
 in the first half of 2014. The acquisition of the production
 facility is subject to the formation of the joint venture and
 approval of the minority Yashili shareholders. The joint venture
 will be accounted for as an equity-method
 investment.
In connection with the formation of the joint venture
 we
 incurred $5.0&#xA0;million in expenses for the period ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013 and an additional $0.1&#xA0;million for the
 period ended January&#xA0;31
 2014
 related to due diligence
 investment advisors and regulatory matters. These costs are
 included in general and administrative expense in our consolidated
 statement of operations.

 
On February 24
 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement
 to sell the SoFine business to a third party. The terms of the
 agreement are consistent with estimates reflected in the financial
 statements. The transaction is expected to close within 60
 days.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share-Based Compensation - Dean Foods Restricted Stock Unit Grants and Restricted Stock Unit Expense (Detail) (Dean Foods Net Investment [Member]
 Restricted Stock Units [Member]
 USD $)
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

163

378




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      










 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

900
000

800
000
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        


Gain on sale of discontinued operations
 net of tax

000

616
000
        
        
        

600
000
        


        

000

500
000)
        
        

000
        

000




        
          

        
          
            

 after tax expense or benefit and not previously recognized
 resulting from the sale of a business component.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 

 minimum payments at December&#xA0;31
 2013
 under non-cancelable
 operating leases with terms in excess of one year are summarized
 below:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 leases
 

 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
20
582
 

 

 

 
 
14
209
 



 

 
 
10
526
 

 

 

 
 
8
200
 



 

 
 
6
203
 

 

 

 
 
9
884
 


 
 

 


 

 



Total minimum lease
 payments

 
 
69
604
 


 
 

 


 

 



 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

Basis of
 presentation
The contribution of WWF Opco to WhiteWave was treated as a
 reorganization of entities under common control under Dean Foods.
 As a result
 we are retrospectively presenting the consolidated
 financial position and results of operations of WhiteWave and WWF
 Opco for all periods presented.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have
 been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States of America (&#x201C;U.S. GAAP&#x201D;).
 In the opinion of management
 all adjustments
 consisting
 principally of normal recurring adjustments
 considered necessary
 for a fair presentation have been included.
For periods prior to the completion of our initial public
 offering on October&#xA0;31
 2012
 our consolidated financial
 statements have been prepared on a stand-alone basis and derived
 from Dean Foods&#x2019; consolidated financial statements and
 accounting records using the historical results of operations and
 assets and liabilities attributed to our operations
 and include
 allocations of expenses from Dean Foods. Our consolidated and
 segment results are not necessarily indicative of our future
 performance and do not reflect what our financial performance would
 have been had we been a stand-alone public company during the
 periods presented.
Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 Dean
 Foods provided certain corporate services to us
 and costs
 associated with these functions were allocated to us. These
 allocations included costs related to corporate services
 such as
 executive management
 supply chain
 information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
 investor relations
 human resources
 risk
 management
 tax
 treasury
 and other services
 as well as
 stock-based compensation expense attributable to our employees and
 an allocation of stock-based compensation attributable to employees
 of Dean Foods. The costs of such services were allocated to us
 based on the most relevant allocation method to the service
 provided
 primarily based on relative percentage of total net
 sales
 relative percentage of headcount
 or specific
 identification. The total amount of these allocations from Dean
 Foods was approximately $50.7 million from January&#xA0;1
 2012 to
 the date of our initial public offering (which includes
 $17.5&#xA0;million of transaction costs related to our initial
 public offering)
 and $32.7 million in the year ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2011. These cost allocations are primarily
 reflected within general and administrative expenses in our
 consolidated statements of operations as well as classified as
 &#x201C;Corporate and other&#x201D; in Note 17 &#x201C;Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information.&#x201D; Management believes
 the basis on which the expenses have been allocated to be a
 reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to or
 the benefit received by us during the periods presented. Dean Foods
 continues to provide limited services on a transitional basis for a
 fee through 2014.
Upon completion of our initial public offering
 we assumed
 responsibility for the costs of these functions. The allocations
 may not reflect the expense we would have incurred as a stand-alone
 public company for the periods presented. Actual costs that may
 have been incurred if we had been a stand-alone public company
 would depend on a number of factors
 including the chosen
 organizational structure
 what functions were outsourced or
 performed by employees
 and strategic decisions made in certain
 areas.
Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 total
 equity represented Dean Foods&#x2019; interest in our recorded net
 assets. Dean Foods&#x2019; net investment balance represented the
 cumulative net investment by Dean Foods in us through
 October&#xA0;31
 2012
 including any prior net income or loss or
 other comprehensive income or loss attributed to us and
 contributions received from or distributions made to Dean Foods.
 Certain transactions between us and other related parties that are
 wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods
 including allocated
 expenses and settlement of intercompany transactions
 were also
 included in Dean Foods&#x2019; net investment.
We were allocated a portion of Dean Foods&#x2019;
 consolidated debt based on amounts directly incurred by us to fund
 the acquisition of Alpro in July 2009. Prior to completion of our
 initial public offering
 interest expense had been allocated based
 on the historical interest rates of the Dean Foods senior secured
 credit facility during each period presented
 as this revolver was
 drawn to fund the Alpro acquisition. Debt issuance costs were
 allocated in the same proportion as the debt. In connection with
 our initial public offering
 the allocated portion of the Dean
 Foods senior secured credit facility was settled as a contribution
 to our capital from Dean Foods. Management believes the basis of
 historical allocation for debt
 interest expense
 and debt issuance
 costs was reasonable. However
 these amounts may not be indicative
 of the actual amounts that we would have incurred had we been a
 stand-alone public company for the periods presented. See Note 11
 &#x201C;Debt and Allocated Portion of Dean Foods&#x2019;
 Debt.&#x201D;
Certain reclassifications of previously reported amounts
 have been made to conform to the current year presentation in the
 audited consolidated statements of cash flows
 Note 13
 &#x201C;Share-Based Compensation&#x201D; and Note 17 &#x201C;Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information.&#x201D; These
 reclassifications did not impact previously reported amounts on the
 Company&#x2019;s audited consolidated balance sheets
 statements of
 operations and statements of cash flows.
 


        
        

 
Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts
 of the Company and our wholly-owned subsidiaries and reflect the
 elimination of all intercompany accounts and transactions. Our
 former investment in a variable interest entity of which we were
 the primary beneficiary is also consolidated. We reflected the
 remaining portion of the variable interest entity that is not
 wholly-owned as non-controlling interest related to our Hero Group
 (&#x201C;Hero&#x201D;) joint venture.
All sales and financing transactions with Dean Foods and
 its subsidiaries are considered to be settled for cash in the
 consolidated statement of cash flows at the time the transaction is
 recorded for periods prior to completion of our initial public
 offering. All transactions and balances between us and other
 wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods are reported in the
 consolidated financial statements.
 


        
        

Use of
 Estimates
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to use our judgment to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the
 reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates
 under different assumptions or conditions.
 


        
        

Cash and
 Cash Equivalents
As of December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 cash is comprised of
 cash held in bank accounts. We consider temporary investments with
 an original maturity of three months or less to be cash
 equivalents.
 


        
        

 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Our
 products are valued using the first-in
 first-out method. The costs
 of finished goods inventories include raw materials
 direct labor
 indirect production
 and overhead costs. Reserves for obsolete or
 excess inventory are not material.
 


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
        

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost
 plus
 capitalized interest on borrowings during the actual construction
 period of major capital projects. Expenditures for repairs and
 maintenance that do not improve or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the
 straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

 


 

 


 




 

 
 

 

Machinery and
 equipment

 
 



Computer
 software

 
 

 

Leasehold
 improvements

 

Over&#xA0;the&#xA0;shorter&#xA0;of&#xA0;the&#xA0;term&#xA0;of&#xA0;the
 applicable&#xA0;lease&#xA0;agreement&#xA0;or&#xA0;useful&#xA0;life



 


        
        

Goodwill
 and Intangible Assets
Our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets have
 resulted from acquisitions. Upon acquisition
 the purchase price is
 first allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities
 including
 customer-related intangible assets and trademarks
 with any
 remaining purchase price recorded as goodwill. Goodwill and
 trademarks with indefinite lives are not amortized.
A trademark is determined to have an indefinite life if it
 has a history of strong sales and cash flow performance that we
 expect to continue for the foreseeable future. If these perpetual
 trademark criteria are not met
 the trademarks are amortized over
 their expected useful lives. Determining the expected life of a
 trademark is based on a number of factors including the competitive
 environment
 trademark history
 and anticipated future trademark
 support.
Identifiable intangible assets
 other than indefinite-lived
 trademarks
 are typically amortized over the following range of
 estimated useful lives:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 



Customer lists and
 relationships

 
 

 

Finite-lived
 trademarks

 
 


 


        
        

 
In accordance with accounting standards related to goodwill
 and other intangibles assets
 we do not amortize goodwill and other
 intangible assets determined to have indefinite useful lives.
 Instead
 we conduct impairment tests on our goodwill and
 indefinite-lived trademarks annually in the fourth quarter and on
 an interim basis when circumstances indicate that the carrying
 value may not be recoverable. Our reporting units are based on our
 operating segments.
A qualitative assessment of goodwill was performed in 2013
 and 2012. We assessed economic conditions and industry and market
 considerations
 in addition to the overall financial performance of
 each of our reporting units. Based on the results of our
 assessment
 we determined that it was not more likely than not that
 any of our reporting units had a carrying value in excess of its
 fair value. Accordingly
 no further goodwill impairment testing was
 completed. We did not recognize any impairment charges related to
 goodwill during 2013
 2012
 or 2011.
A qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangibles
 was performed during 2013. In 2012
 a quantitative assessment of
 indefinite-lived intangibles was performed. We assessed economic
 conditions and industry and market considerations
 in addition to
 the overall financial performance of each trade name. Based on the
 results of our assessment
 we determined that it was not more
 likely than not that any of our trade names had a carrying value in
 excess of its fair value. Accordingly
 no further indefinite-lived
 intangibles impairment testing was completed. We did not recognize
 any impairment charges related to indefinite-lived intangibles
 during 2013
 2012
 or 2011.
Long-lived assets
 including property
 plant
 and equipment
 and definite-lived intangible assets
 are reviewed for impairment
 whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
 carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any
 goodwill impairment test. Recoverability of assets to be held and
 used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset
 to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If
 the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash
 flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which
 the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the
 asset. There were no indicators of impairment
 apart from our asset
 exit and disposal activities recorded in 2013
 of long-lived assets
 identified in 2012 or 2011. See Note 3 &#x201C;Asset Disposal and
 Exit Costs.&#x201D;
 


        
        

Employee
 Benefit Plans
Prior to the Distribution
 we participated in Dean
 Foods&#x2019; consolidated defined contribution plan and contributed
 to a multiemployer pension plan on behalf of some of our employees.
 Effective upon the Distribution
 the Company implemented its own
 substantially similar employee benefit plans and our employees are
 no longer eligible to participate in Dean Foods&#x2019; plans. We
 also have four separate
 stand-alone defined benefit pension plans
 as a result of the acquisition of Alpro on July&#xA0;2
 2009
 and
 we contribute to one multiemployer pension plan on behalf of
 certain of our North America employees.
We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of
 defined benefit pension plans as an asset or liability on our
 consolidated balance sheets and recognize changes in the funded
 status in the year in which changes occur
 through accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss). The funded status is measured as
 the difference between the fair value of plan assets and benefit
 obligation (the projected benefit obligation for pension plans).
 Actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs and credits that
 have not been recognized as a component of net periodic benefit
 cost previously are recorded as a component of accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss). Plan assets and obligations are
 measured as of December&#xA0;31 of each year. See Note 15
 &#x201C;Employee Retirement Plans.&#x201D;
 


        
        

 
We use derivative financial instruments for the purpose of
 hedging commercial risk exposures to fluctuations in interest
 rates
 currency exchange rates and raw materials purchasing. Our
 derivative instruments are recorded in the consolidated balance
 sheets at fair value. For a derivative designated as a cash flow
 hedge
 the effective portion of the derivative&#x2019;s mark to fair
 value is initially reported as a component of accumulated other
 comprehensive earnings and subsequently reclassified into earnings
 when the hedged item affects earnings. The ineffective portion of
 the mark to fair value associated with all hedges is reported in
 earnings immediately. Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge
 accounting are marked to fair value with gains and losses
 immediately recorded in earnings. In the consolidated statements of
 cash flows
 derivative activities are classified based on the items
 being hedged.
Realized gains and losses from hedges are classified in the
 consolidated statements of earnings consistent with the accounting
 treatment of the items being hedged. Upon the early designation of
 an effective derivative contract
 the gains or losses are deferred
 in accumulated other comprehensive earnings until the originally
 hedged item affects earnings. Any gains or losses incurred after
 the designation date are reported in earnings
 immediately.
 


        
        

 
On August&#xA0;7
 2012
 the Dean Foods Compensation
 Committee
 the Dean Foods board of directors
 and our board of
 directors approved the terms of our 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the
 &#x201C;2012 SIP&#x201D;). In connection with our initial public
 offering
 20&#xA0;million shares of our Class&#xA0;A common stock
 were reserved for issuance under the 2012 SIP upon the exercise of
 future stock options
 restricted stock units
 or restricted stock
 that will be issued under our employee benefit plans. The purpose
 of the plan is to attract and retain non-employee directors
 executive personnel
 other key employees and consultants to
 motivate them by means of performance related incentives and to
 enable them to participate in our growth and financial success.
 Eligibility to participate in the 2012 SIP is limited to our
 employees (including officers and directors who are employees)
 non-employee directors
 and consultants
 and employees
 non-employee directors
 and consultants of our
 subsidiaries.
Share-based compensation expense is recognized ratably over
 the vesting period based on the grant date fair value. The fair
 value of option awards is estimated at the date of grant using the
 Black-Scholes valuation model. The fair value of restricted stock
 units (&#x201C;RSUs&#x201D;) is equal to the closing price of our
 common stock on the date of the grant. Compensation expense is
 recognized only for equity awards expected to vest. Share-based
 compensation expense is included within general and administrative
 expenses.
Pursuant to the SIP and in connection with our initial
 public offering
 the Company granted equity to certain of our
 executive officers and employees (the &#x201C;IPO Grants&#x201D;).
 Prior to the Distribution
 certain of the Company&#x2019;s employees
 participated in share-based compensation plans sponsored by Dean
 Foods. These plans provided employees with RSUs
 options to
 purchase shares of Dean Foods&#x2019; common stock
 and other
 stock-based awards. Given that the Company&#x2019;s employees
 directly benefit from participation in these plans
 the expense
 incurred by Dean Foods for stock and options granted specifically
 to our employees has been reflected in the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of operations for years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. These amounts were based on
 the awards and terms previously granted to our employees
 but may
 not reflect the equity awards or results that we would have
 experienced or expect to experience as a stand-alone public
 company. No new grants of Dean Foods&#x2019; equity were made to our
 employees after completion of our initial public
 offering.
On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by 162 of our
 non-employee directors and employees were converted into
 equity-based awards with respect to our Class&#xA0;A common stock.
 These Dean Foods equity-based awards included Dean Foods stock
 options (whether vested or unvested)
 unvested RSUs and unvested
 Dean Foods restricted stock awards held by our non-employee
 directors on the date of the Distribution. The options to purchase
 Dean Foods common stock held by our directors and employees were
 converted to options to purchase our Class&#xA0;A common stock in a
 manner that preserved the life and aggregate intrinsic value in the
 converted stock option and continued the same proportionate
 relationship between the exercise price and the value of our
 Class&#xA0;A common stock as existed with respect to the Dean Foods
 common stock immediately prior to the Distribution. The adjustment
 was effected based on a formula using the volume weighted average
 price of Dean Foods common stock and our Class&#xA0;A common stock
 during the five trading day period ended on the second trading day
 preceding the Distribution. The unvested Dean Foods RSUs held by
 our directors and employees were converted to WhiteWave RSUs in a
 manner that
 on a unit-by-unit basis
 preserved the life and
 intrinsic value of each outstanding Dean Foods RSU (determined
 using the same volume weighted average values as described above).
 The unvested Dean Foods phantom shares held by our employees were
 converted to WhiteWave phantom shares in a manner that
 on a
 unit-by-unit basis
 preserved the life and intrinsic value of each
 outstanding Dean Foods phantom share (determined using the same
 volume weighted average values as described above). Dean Foods
 restricted stock awards held by our directors on the date of the
 Distribution were converted into restricted stock awards with
 respect to our Class&#xA0;A common stock by (i)&#xA0;applying the
 same volume weighted average values as described above and
 (ii)&#xA0;subtracting any shares of our Class&#xA0;A common stock
 and Class B common stock received by our directors in the
 Distribution in respect of such Dean Foods restricted stock awards.
 We did not recognize any incremental expense in connection with the
 conversion of Dean Foods&#x2019; equity-based awards into WhiteWave
 awards as all other terms remained the same. See Note 13
 &#x201C;Share-Based Compensation.&#x201D;
 


Revenue Recognition
 Sales Incentives and Trade Accounts Receivable
        

Revenue
 Recognition
 Sales Incentives and Trade Accounts
 Receivable
Sales are recognized when persuasive evidence of an
 arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the product
 has been delivered to the customer
 and there is a reasonable
 assurance of collection of the sales proceeds. Sales are recorded
 net of allowances for returns
 trade promotions
 and other
 discounts. We routinely offer sales incentives and discounts
 through various regional and national programs to our customers and
 to consumers. These programs include rebates
 shelf-price
 reductions
 in-store display incentives
 coupons
 and other trade
 promotional activities. These programs
 as well as amounts paid to
 customers for shelf-space in retail stores
 are considered
 reductions in the price of our products and thus are recorded as
 reductions to gross sales. Some of these incentives are recorded by
 estimating incentive costs based on our historical experience and
 expected levels of performance of the trade promotion. We maintain
 allowances at the end of each period for the estimated incentive
 costs incurred but unpaid for these programs
 which are recorded as
 a reduction in our trade accounts receivable balance. Differences
 between estimated and actual incentive costs are normally not
 material and are recognized in earnings in the period such
 differences are determined.
We generally provide credit terms to customers of net 10
 days
 from invoice date in the U.S. In Europe
 however
 terms vary
 by country. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers
 and maintain allowances for potential credit losses based on our
 historical experience. Bad debt expense associated with
 uncollectible accounts for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 were immaterial. Estimated product returns
 historically have not been material.
 


        
        

Related
 Party Sales and Transitional Sales Fees
Sales to wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods of raw
 materials and the finished products that we manufacture have been
 reflected as related party sales in our consolidated statements of
 operations through the Distribution date.
In connection with our initial public offering
 we entered
 into an agreement with Morningstar Foods
 LLC
 (&#x201C;Morningstar&#x201D;)
 pursuant to which it transferred back
 to us responsibility for its sales and associated costs of certain
 WhiteWave products. Morningstar remitted to us the cash
 representing the net profit collected from these product sales
 until such time as the sales were transitioned to us. The net
 effect of the agreement is reflected as transitional sales fees in
 our consolidated statements of operations. We also entered into an
 agreement with Morningstar pursuant to which we transferred to
 Morningstar responsibility for the sales and associated costs of
 our aerosol whipped topping and other non-core products. During
 this transition
 we provided certain services to Morningstar which
 included
 but were not limited to
 taking and filling orders
 collecting receivables and shipping products to customers. We
 remitted to Morningstar the net profit associated with these
 product sales until the sales transitioned to Morningstar. See Note
 4 &#x201C;Transactions with Morningstar Foods
 LLC.&#x201D;
 


        
        

 
We market our products through advertising and other
 promotional activities
 including media and agency. Advertising
 expense is charged to income during the period incurred
 except for
 expenses related to the development of a major commercial or media
 campaign which are charged to income during the period in which the
 advertisement or campaign is first presented to the public.
 Advertising expense totaled $169.5 million
 $172.6&#xA0;million
 and $138.9 million in 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively
 and is
 included in selling and distribution in our consolidated statements
 of operations. Prepaid advertising was $0.3 million and
 $1.3&#xA0;million as of December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
 


        
        

Shipping
 and Handling Fees
Our shipping and handling costs are included in both cost
 of sales and selling and distribution expense
 depending on the
 nature of such costs. In cost of sales
 we include inventory
 warehouse costs and product loading and handling costs at
 Company-owned facilities. Costs associated with shipping products
 to customers through third-party carriers and third-party inventory
 warehouse costs are included in selling and distribution expense
 and totaled $247.5 million
 $214.1 million
 and $171.9 million in
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively.
 


        
        

Insurance
 Accruals
We retain selected levels of property and casualty risks
 employee health care and other casualty losses. Many of these
 potential losses are covered under conventional insurance programs
 with third-party carriers with high deductible limits. In other
 areas
 we are self-insured with stop-loss coverage. Accrued
 liabilities for incurred but not reported losses related to these
 retained risks are calculated based upon loss development factors
 which contemplate a number of factors including claims history and
 expected trends. These loss development factors are developed in
 consultation with external insurance brokers and
 actuaries.
At December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 we recorded accrued
 liabilities related to these retained risks in the amounts of $3.0
 million and $1.9 million
 respectively
 including both current and
 long-term liabilities.
 


        
        

Research
 and Development
Our research and development activities primarily consist
 of generating and testing new product concepts
 new flavors
 and
 packaging and are primarily internal. We expense research and
 development costs as incurred and they primarily relate to
 compensation
 facility costs and purchased research and development
 services
 materials and supplies. Our total research and
 development expense was $13.4 million
 $12.3 million
 and
 $11.1&#xA0;million for 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively. Research
 and development costs are included in general and administrative
 expenses in our consolidated statements of
 operations.
 


        
        

Foreign
 Currency Translation
The financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries are
 translated to U.S. Dollars. The functional currency of our foreign
 subsidiaries is generally the local currency of the country.
 Accordingly
 assets and liabilities of the foreign subsidiaries are
 translated to U.S. Dollars at period-end exchange rates. Income and
 expense items are translated at the average rates prevailing during
 the period. Changes in exchange rates that affect cash flows and
 the related receivables or payables are recognized as transaction
 gains and losses. Our transaction gains and losses are reflected in
 general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements
 of operations. The cumulative translation adjustment in accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss) reflects the unrealized
 adjustments resulting from translating the financial statements of
 our foreign subsidiaries.
 


        
        

Income
 Taxes
Our income tax provision has been prepared on a separate
 return basis as if the Company was a stand-alone entity for periods
 prior to the Distribution. Prior to the Distribution
 the Company
 was included in the Dean Foods&#x2019; U.S. consolidated federal
 income tax return and also filed some state income tax returns on a
 combined basis with Dean Foods. For periods subsequent to the
 Distribution
 the Company will file its own U.S. federal and state
 income tax returns. In addition
 as a result of being included in
 the Dean Foods&#x2019; U.S. consolidated federal income tax return
 and Dean Foods&#x2019; payment of domestic taxes
 federal and state
 current income taxes payable for periods prior to the completion of
 our initial public offering on October&#xA0;31
 2012
 are included
 in Dean Foods&#x2019; net investment in the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of shareholders&#x2019; equity. As part of
 the tax matters agreement with Dean Foods
 the Company has agreed
 to reimburse Dean Foods and Dean Foods has agreed to reimburse the
 Company
 as applicable
 for any pre-Distribution domestic tax
 liabilities that may be redetermined by a taxing authority in the
 future. Foreign income tax liabilities are paid by the Company and
 therefore are included in income taxes payable in the consolidated
 balance sheets. All of our wholly-owned domestic operating
 subsidiaries are included in the preparation of our U.S. federal
 consolidated tax calculation. Our foreign subsidiaries are required
 to file local jurisdiction income tax returns with respect to their
 operations
 the earnings from which are expected to be reinvested
 indefinitely. At December&#xA0;31
 2013
 no provision had been made
 for U.S. federal or state income tax on approximately $123.2
 million of accumulated foreign earnings as they are considered to
 be permanently reinvested outside the U.S. Computation of the
 potential deferred tax liability associated with these
 undistributed earnings and other basis differences is not
 practicable.

 
Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences
 between amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements
 and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in
 effect for the years in which the differences are expected to
 reverse. Valuation allowances are recognized to reduce deferred tax
 assets to the amount that will more likely than not be
 realized.
We recognize the income tax benefit from an uncertain tax
 position when it is more likely than not that
 based on technical
 merits
 the position will be sustained upon examination
 including
 resolutions of any related appeals or litigation
 processes.
 


        
        

Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements
In July 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2013-11
 Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating
 Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or Tax Credit Carryforward
 Exists. ASU 2013-11 requires that an unrecognized tax benefit
 or a
 portion of an unrecognized tax benefit
 should be presented in the
 financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a
 net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax
 credit carryforward
 with certain exceptions. ASU 2013-11 is
 effective for the Company in the period beginning January&#xA0;1
 2014 and the Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this
 standard will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.
In March 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2013-05
 Foreign Currency Matters (Topic 830)
 clarifying the applicable
 guidance for the release of the cumulative translation adjustment.
 ASU 2013-05 is effective for the Company in the period beginning
 January&#xA0;1
 2014. The Company does not expect the adoption of
 this update to have a material effect on the consolidated financial
 statements.
In February 2013
 the FASB amended the disclosure
 requirements regarding the reporting of amounts reclassified out of
 accumulated other comprehensive income. The amendment does not
 change the current requirement for reporting net income or other
 comprehensive income
 but requires additional disclosures about
 items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income
 including changes in balances by component
 significant items
 reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income and the
 income statement line items impacted by the reclassifications. We
 adopted this standard effective January&#xA0;1
 2013. See Note 14
 &#x201C;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss.&#x201D; Other than the
 additional disclosure requirements
 the adoption of this standard
 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
 statements.
In July 2012
 the FASB issued an Accounting Standards
 Update related to &#x201C;Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangibles for
 Impairment.&#x201D; The purpose of the update is to simplify the
 guidance for testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for
 impairment and permits entities to first assess qualitative factors
 to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative
 impairment test. Unless an entity determines
 through its
 qualitative assessment
 that is more likely than not that an
 indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 it would not be
 required to calculate the fair value of the asset. This standard is
 effective for annual and interim impairment tests of
 indefinite-lived intangible assets performed in fiscal years
 beginning after September&#xA0;15
 2012
 and early adoption is
 permitted. We adopted this standard as of January&#xA0;1
 2013 and
 its adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated
 financial statements.
 


Segment
 Geographic and Customer Information
        
 

 the performance of our segments based on sales and operating income
 or loss before gains and losses on the sale of businesses
 write
 downs related to the wind down of our joint venture
 foreign
 exchange gains and losses
 and income tax. The amounts in the
 following tables are obtained from reports used by our chief
 operating decision maker. There are no significant non-cash items
 reported in segment profit or loss other than depreciation and
 amortization.
 

 segments do not include the costs allocated to us by Dean Foods for
 certain corporate and shared service functions. In addition
 the
 expense related to share-based compensation has not been allocated
 to our segments and is reflected entirely within the caption
 &#x201C;Corporate and other&#x201D;. Related party license income
 further described in Note 18 &#x201C;Related Party
 Transactions
&#x201D; has also been excluded. Therefore
 the measure
 of segment profit or loss presented below is before such
 items.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the benefits provided by each plan (2) groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) how plan assets
 liabilities and expenses are measured
 including the use of any actuaries and (4) significant assumptions used by the entity to value plan assets and liabilities and how such assumptions are derived.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Estimated Useful Lives of Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
        
Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method
 over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

 


 

 


 




 

 
 

 

Machinery and
 equipment

 
 



Computer
 software

 
 

 

Leasehold
 improvements

 

Over&#xA0;the&#xA0;shorter&#xA0;of&#xA0;the&#xA0;term&#xA0;of&#xA0;the
 applicable&#xA0;lease&#xA0;agreement&#xA0;or&#xA0;useful&#xA0;life



 


        
        
Identifiable intangible assets
 other than indefinite-lived
 trademarks
 are typically amortized over the following range of
 estimated useful lives:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 



Customer lists and
 relationships

 
 

 

Finite-lived
 trademarks

 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

041

973

845


        
        

056)

105


Gain on sale of discontinued operations
 net
        
        

616)


        
        
        
        


        

905

354

990


        

931

529

246


        

414

030

513


Loss on disposals and other
 net

909

617

361


        

109
        
        


        
        
        

020


        

410)

151
        


        

933)

131

618


Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 net of acquisitions/divestitures:
        
        
        


Trade receivables
 net

192)

419)

650)


        

912

827)
        


        

964)

509)

488)


        

951)

017

030)


Accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other long-term liabilities

695

039

542


        

480)

287
        


        

941

092

507


        
        

571)

054


        

941

521

561


        
        
        
        


Payments for property
 plant
 and equipment

769)

931)

755)


        
        

356
        


        

352

490
        


        

417)

085)

045)


        
        

900
        


        

417)

185)

262)


        
        
        
        


Proceeds from initial public offering
 net of offering costs
        

540
        


        
        

000
        


        
        

155
000)
        


Distributions to Dean Foods
 net
        

844)

667)


        

000)
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

150

200
        


        

050)

650)
        


        
        

735

671


        
        

650)

756)


        

298
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

403)
        


        
        

046)

754


        

974)

118)

098)


        
        
        
        


        

974)

387)

596)


        

182
        

528)


        

732

614)

175


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of period

373

987

812


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of period

105

373

987


        
        
        
        


Cash paid for interest and financing charges
 net of capitalized interest

556

217

478


        

063

302

420


        

422
        
        


        

710
        
        


        

773
        
        


        

797
        
        


        
        

255
        


        
        

962
        


        
        

858
        


        
        

155
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the costs to issue debt and obtain financing over the related debt instruments. Alternate captions include noncash interest expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax expense or benefit and not previously recognized
 resulting from the sale of a business component.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or provision therefore) during the reporting period
 until its disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and gain (loss) from the write down of assets from their carrying value to fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 liability
 equity) in a transaction. Noncash is defined as transactions during a period that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. Part noncash refers to that portion of a transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 

 recorded and the changes therein for year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 were as follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 


 expense
 
 
 

 settled
 
 
 
 December&#xA0;31

 2013
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Lease
 liability

 
 
2
674
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
674
 

 

Severance and related
 costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
3
306
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3
306
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurement - Summary of Recurring Fair Value Measurements (Detail) (Cash Equivalent Money Market Funds [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

617

028



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

617

028



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

114




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
The following table summarizes the terms of the interest
 rate swap agreements as of December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Fixed
 Interest Rates

 

 

 

 


 
 
 
 
 
(In
 thousands)



 

 
March 31
 2017
 
$650
000


 


        
        
As of December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 derivatives recorded
 at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
Derivative
 assets
 
 
Derivative
 liabilities
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Derivatives designated
 as Hedging Instruments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Foreign currency
 contracts&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;current

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Commodities
 contracts&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;current

 
 
1
162
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Derivatives not
 designated as Hedging Instruments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Interest rate swap
 contracts&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;current

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18
255
 
 
 
18
262
 

 

Interest rate swap
 contracts&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;noncurrent

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
26
667
 
 
 
48
669
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total
 derivatives

 
 
1
162
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
45
556
 
 
 
67
420
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Derivative assets and liabilities that have settlement dates
 equal to or less than 12 months from the respective balance sheet
 date were included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and
 accounts payable and accrued expenses
 respectively
 in our
 consolidated balance sheets.




 
 

Derivative liabilities that have settlement dates greater than
 12 months from the respective balance sheet date were included in
 other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance
 sheets.



 


        
        
Gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow
 hedges reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income
 into income were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



(Gains)/losses on foreign
 currency contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

(Gains)/losses on
 commodities contracts

 
 
1
031
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Recorded in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of
 operations.




 
 

Recorded in distribution expense or cost of sales
 depending on
 commodity type
 in our consolidated statements of
 operations.



 


        
        
A summary of our derivative assets and liabilities measured
 at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&#xA0;31
 2013 and
 2012 is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair
 value
 
 December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



 

 
 
$1
162
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$1
162
 
 
 
 
 

 

Liability&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;Foreign currency
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Liability&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;Interest rate swap
 contracts

 
 
44
922
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44
922
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair
 value
as
 of
December 31
 2012
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Liability&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;Foreign currency
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Liability&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;Interest rate swap
 contracts

 
 
66
931
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
66
931
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        
The following table presents a summary of the recurring
 fair value measurements as of December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair
 value
 
 December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Cash equivalent money
 market funds

 
 
$11
617
 
 
 
11
617
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


The following table presents a summary of the recurring
 fair value measurement as of December&#xA0;31
 2012:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair
 value
 
 December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Cash equivalent money
 market funds

 
 
$13
028
 
 
 
13
028
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        
The following table present a summary of the fair values of
 category by inputs as of December&#xA0;31
 2013 were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair
 value
 
 December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Other
 Investments:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Insurance
 Contracts

 
 
11
731
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11
731
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
11
731
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11
731
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


The fair values by category of inputs as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2012 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair
 value
 
 December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Other
 Investments:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Insurance
 Contracts

 
 
9
819
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9
819
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
9
819
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9
819
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 



          

        


        
        
The following table presents a summary of the Deferred
 Compensation Plan assets measured at fair value on a recurring
 basis as of December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair
 value
 
 December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



 

 
 
$4
637
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$4
637
 
 
 
 
 


 



          

        


        
        
The following table presents a summary of the SERP assets
 measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair
 value
 
 December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



 

 
 
$1
790
 
 
 
1
790
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;
The following table presents a summary of the SERP assets
 measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December&#xA0;31
 2012:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair
 value
 
 December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



 

 
 
$1
836
 
 
 
1
836
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 including those classified in shareholders' equity measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 fair value measurements recorded and the reasons for the measurements
 level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are categorized and transfers between levels 1 and 2. Nonrecurring fair value measurements are those that are required or permitted in the statement of financial position in particular circumstances.
              
 -Subparagraph (a
b
bb)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as for individual instruments
 or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument
 risks being hedged
 notional amount
 hedge designation
 related hedged item
 inception date
 maturity date
 or other relevant item.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Asset Disposal and Exit Costs - Schedule of Liabilities Recorded (Detail) (Idaho Dairy Farm [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










        
        
        


        

300

306


        
        
        


Balance at December 31
 2013

306

306



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        

674


        
        
        


Balance at December 31
 2013

674

674



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Balance at December 31
 2013
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

105

373


Trade receivables
 net of allowance of $1
345 and $1
171

864

592


        
        

912


        

569

647


        

588

044


        

095

253


        

221

821


Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

683

642


Identifiable intangible and other assets
 net

937

962


        

343

586


        

283
184

168
011


        
        
        


        

106

864


        

000

000


        

294

678


        

400

542


        

650

550


        

765

285


        

930

678


        

321
745

383
055


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 $0.01 par value; 170
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2013 and 2012
        
        


        

017

828


        

127

086


        

440)

688)


        

439

956


        

283
184

168
011



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

735
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        

500




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 notes and loans receivable
 as well as any other types of receivables
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges and other noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet due to materiality considerations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information (Tables)

        

      






        
        


        
        
 

 table presents the summarized income statement amounts by
 segment:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Total net
 sales:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
2
123
997
 
 
 
1
921
444
 
 
 
1
657
192
 



 

 
 
418
066
 
 
 
367
994
 
 
 
368
559
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
2
542
063
 
 
 
2
289
438
 
 
 
2
025
751
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Operating
 income:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
215
155
 
 
 
178
960
 
 
 
137
807
 



 

 
 
20
879
 
 
 
23
735
 
 
 
27
873
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total reportable segment
 operating income

 
 
236
034
 
 
 
202
695
 
 
 
165
680
 



Related party license
 income

 
 
 
 
 
 
36
034
 
 
 
42
680
 

 

Corporate and
 other

 
 
(78
602
 
 
 
(58
476
 
 
 
(32
666
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total operating
 income

 
 
157
432
 
 
 
180
253
 
 
 
175
694
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Interest
 expense

 
 
18
027
 
 
 
9
924
 
 
 
9
149
 

 

Other (income) expense
 net

 
 
(3
829
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Income from continuing
 operations before tax

 
 
143
234
 
 
 
169
372
 
 
 
166
423
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Depreciation and
 amortization:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
59
717
 
 
 
54
499
 
 
 
47
826
 

 

 

 
 
21
628
 
 
 
19
855
 
 
 
20
164
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
81
905
 
 
 
74
354
 
 
 
67
990
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
 

 tables present sales amounts by product categories:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Total net
 sales:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Plant-based food and
 beverages

 
 
627
716
 
 
 
549
727
 
 
 
452
834
 

 

Coffee creamers and
 beverages

 
 
913
517
 
 
 
818
880
 
 
 
692
136
 



 

 
 
582
764
 
 
 
552
837
 
 
 
512
222
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

North America net
 sales

 
 
2
123
997
 
 
 
1
921
444
 
 
 
1
657
192
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Plant-based food and
 beverages

 
 
418
066
 
 
 
367
994
 
 
 
368
559
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total net
 sales

 
 
2
542
063
 
 
 
2
289
438
 
 
 
2
025
751
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 


        
        
 

 tables present assets
 long-lived assets
 and capital expenditures
 by segment:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
1
588
104
 
 
 
1
549
030
 
 
 
1
476
124
 



 

 
 
563
026
 
 
 
577
599
 
 
 
594
382
 

 

 

 
 
132
054
 
 
 
41
382
 
 
 
34
282
 



Assets held for
 sale

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3
897
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
2
283
184
 
 
 
2
168
011
 
 
 
2
108
685
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Long-lived
 Assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
1
353
037
 
 
 
1
323
108
 
 
 
1
291
083
 



 

 
 
446
093
 
 
 
444
539
 
 
 
443
598
 

 

 

 
 
27
833
 
 
 
17
543
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
1
826
963
 
 
 
1
785
190
 
 
 
1
734
916
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended December
 31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Capital
 expenditures:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
128
877
 
 
 
92
418
 
 
 
113
673
 



 

 
 
20
732
 
 
 
11
737
 
 
 
13
082
 

 

 

 
 
5
869
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
155
478
 
 
 
104
155
 
 
 
126
755
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 



 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share-Based Compensation - WhiteWave Stock Appreciation Rights Activity (Detail) (WhiteWave Foods [Member]
 Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) [Member]
 USD $)

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        

111
        


        

582
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

693

111


        

247
        


SARs exercisable
 ending balance

375
        


Outstanding Weighted average exercise price
 beginning balance
        
        


Granted
 Weighted average exercise price
        
        


Forfeited and cancelled
 Weighted average exercise price
        
        


Exercised
 Weighted average exercise price
        
        


Outstanding
 Weighted average exercise price
 ending balance
        
        


SARs vested and expected to vest
 Weighted average exercise price
        
        


SARs exercisable
 Weighted average exercise price
        
        


SARs outstanding
 Weighted average contractual life
        
        


SARs vested and expected to vest
 Weighted average contractual life
        
        


SARs exercisable
 Weighted average contractual life
        
        


SARs outstanding
 Aggregate intrinsic value

896
487
        


SARs vested and expected to vest
 Aggregate intrinsic value

853
126
        


SARs exercisable
 Aggregate intrinsic value

028
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified















        
        
        
        


        

601

237

147


        

206

822

794


        

902

463
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate pension accumulated benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate fair value of plan assets for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate projected benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 related to increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share-Based Compensation - Summary of WhiteWave Phantom Share Activity (Detail) (WhiteWave Foods [Member]
 Phantom Shares [Member]
 USD $)

        

      







          

        


        
        


        

771


        

391


        

761)


        

128)


        

806


        

079


Outstanding Weighted average exercise price
 beginning balance
        


Granted
 Weighted average exercise price
        


Converted/paid
 Weighted average exercise price
        


Forfeited
 Weighted average exercise price
        


Converted from Dean Foods at Distribution
 Weighted average exercise price
        


Outstanding
 Weighted average exercise price
 ending balance
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share-Based Compensation - Summary of Dean Foods Restricted Stock Unit Activity (Detail) (Dean Foods Net Investment [Member]
 Restricted Stock Units [Member])

        

      







          

        


        
        


        

710


        

235


        

747)


        

352)


        

636


        

482)




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Transferred in Period
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Tables)

        

      






        
        


Components of Property
 Plant and Equipment
        

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



 

 
 
38
968
 
 
 
49
334
 

 

 

 
 
295
057
 
 
 
285
190
 



Machinery and
 equipment

 
 
696
513
 
 
 
644
575
 

 

Leasehold
 improvements

 
 
10
136
 
 
 
9
355
 



Construction in
 progress

 
 
59
584
 
 
 
29
472
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
 
 
 
1
100
258
 
 
 
1
017
926
 



Less accumulated
 depreciation

 
 
(440
575
 
 
 
(393
284
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
659
683
 
 
 
624
642
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

463
000
        
        


        

695
000

459
000
        


        

000

000
        


        

900
000
        
        


        

000

000)
        


        

000

000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

300
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

500
000)
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 
14.
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
 

 other comprehensive loss comprises net income plus all other
 changes in equity from non-owner sources. The changes in
 accumulated other comprehensive loss by component for the year-
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 were as follows (net of
 tax):


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 instruments
 
 
 
 plans&#xA0;adjustment
 
 
 

 adjustment
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Balance at
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
(1
818
 
 
 
(25
576
 
 
 
(27
688
 

 

Other comprehensive
 income before reclassifications

 
 
1
888
 
 
 
1
115
 
 
 
17
724
 
 
 
20
727
 



Amounts reclassified from
 accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)

 
 
(1
389
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1
479
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Other comprehensive
 income/(loss)
 net of taxes of $796

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
025
 
 
 
17
724
 
 
 
19
248
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Balance at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(7
852
 
 
 
(8
440
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 &#xA0;

 
 

The accumulated other comprehensive loss reclassification
 components affect cost of sales. See Note 12 &#x201C;Derivative
 Financial Instruments.&#x201D;




 
 

The accumulated other comprehensive loss reclassification
 components are related to amortization of unrecognized actuarial
 losses and prior service costs which are both included in the
 computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 15
 &#x201C;Employee Retirement Plans.&#x201D;



 




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 

 in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 are as follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 America
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Balance at
 January&#xA0;1
 2012

 
 
600
316
 
 
 
162
020
 
 
 
762
336
 

 

Foreign currency
 translation

 
 
 
 
 
 
3
250
 
 
 
3
250
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Balance at
 December&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
600
316
 
 
 
165
270
 
 
 
765
586
 

 

Foreign currency
 translation

 
 
 
 
 
 
6
757
 
 
 
6
757
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Balance at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
600
316
 
 
 
172
027
 
 
 
772
343
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
 

 carrying amount and accumulated amortization of our intangible
 assets other than goodwill as of December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 are as follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 amount
 
 
 
 amortization
 
 
 

 amount
 
 
 

 amount
 
 
 
 amortization
 
 
 

 amount
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Intangible assets with
 indefinite lives:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
354
527
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
354
527
 
 
 
350
725
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
350
725
 



Intangible assets with
 finite lives:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Customer-related and
 other

 
 
39
221
 
 
 
(17
826
 
 
 
21
395
 
 
 
37
644
 
 
 
(14
714
 
 
 
22
930
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
394
716
 
 
 
(18
789
 
 
 
375
927
 
 
 
389
337
 
 
 
(15
676
 
 
 
373
661
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 &#xA0;

 
 

The increase in the carrying amount of intangible assets
 with indefinite lives is the result of foreign currency translation
 adjustments.



 


        
        
 

 aggregate finite-lived intangible asset amortization expense for
 the next five years is as follows (in millions):


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 



 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

675
057
        


        

957
640
        


        

626
681
        


Options outstanding
 beginning balance

445
327
        


        

254
273
        


        

550)
        


        

322)
        


        

308
857)
        


Options outstanding
 ending balance

120
585

445
327


        

025
166
        


Options exercisable
 ending balance

979
943
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Options outstanding
 beginning balance
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Options exercisable
 ending balance
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        

133
148


Options outstanding
 beginning balance

845
250
        


        
        
        


        

424)
        


        

031)
        


        

135
399
        


        

642
194)
        


        
        
        


Options exercisable
 ending balance
        

637
867




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Options Transferred in Period
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Options Transferred in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Segment
 Geographic and Customer Information - Summarized Balance Sheet Amounts by Segment (Detail) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

283
184

168
011

108
685


        
        
        
        


        

826
963

785
190

734
916


        
        
        
        


        

478

155

755



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

588
104

549
030

476
124


        
        
        
        


        

353
037

323
108

291
083


        
        
        
        


        

877

418

673



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

026

599

382


        
        
        
        


        

093

539

598


        
        
        
        


        

732

737

082



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

054

382

282


        
        
        
        


        

833

543
        


        
        
        
        


        

869
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

897




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 
16.
 Commitments and Contingencies


Lease
 and Purchase Obligations
We lease certain property
 plant
 and equipment used in our
 operations under both capital and operating lease agreements. Such
 leases
 which are primarily for office space
 machinery
 and
 equipment
 have lease terms ranging from one to 10 years. We did
 not have any material capital lease obligations as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012. Rent expense was $15.6 million
 $8.0 million
 and $8.5 million for 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively.
Future minimum payments at December&#xA0;31
 2013
 under
 non-cancelable operating leases with terms in excess of one year
 are summarized below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 leases
 

 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
20
582
 

 

 

 
 
14
209
 



 

 
 
10
526
 

 

 

 
 
8
200
 



 

 
 
6
203
 

 

 

 
 
9
884
 


 
 

 


 

 



Total minimum lease
 payments

 
 
69
604
 


 
 

 


 

 


We have entered into various contracts
 in the normal
 course of business
 obligating us to purchase minimum quantities of
 raw materials used in our production and distribution processes
 including soybeans and organic raw milk. We enter into these
 contracts from time to time to ensure a sufficient supply of raw
 materials. In addition
 we have contractual obligations to purchase
 various services that are part of our production
 process.

Litigation
 Investigations
 and Audits
The Company is involved in various litigation
 investigations
 and audit proceedings in the normal course of
 business. It is management&#x2019;s opinion
 after consultation with
 counsel and a review of the facts
 a material adverse effect on the
 financial position
 liquidity
 results of operations
 or cash flows
 of the Company is not probable or reasonably
 possible.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

050

804

781


        

163

210

386


        

683

658

591


        

896

672

758




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified


          


          




          


          




          


          


          


          


          


          



Beginning balance at Dec. 31
 2010

124
463
        
        
        
        
        
        

134
568

668)

563


Beginning balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2010
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

395
        
        
        
        
        
        

395
        
        


        

955)
        
        
        
        
        
        

955)
        
        


        

246
        
        
        
        
        
        

246
        
        


        

754
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

754


        

550)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

550)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

786)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

786)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending balance at Dec. 31
 2011

140
686
        
        
        
        
        
        

172
254

335)

767


        

608
        
        
        
        
        
        

608
        
        


Ending balance at Oct. 31
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Beginning balance at Dec. 31
 2011

140
686
        
        
        
        
        
        

172
254

335)

767


Beginning balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2011
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

694
        
        
        
        
        

086
        
        
        


        

373)
        
        
        
        
        
        

373)
        
        


        

473
        
        
        
        
        
        

473
        
        


Issuance of common stock in connection with the initial public offering
 net of offering costs

540
        
        
        
        

310
        
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock in connection with the initial public offering
 net of offering costs
 Shares
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

500
        

462
        

962)
        
        


Conversion of Dean Foods' net investment into common stock
 Shares
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

056
        
        
        
        

056
        
        
        
        


        

932
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

932


        

279
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

279


        

978)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

978)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

199
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

199
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending balance at Dec. 31
 2012

956
        
        

500
        

828

086
        

688)
        


Ending balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2012
        

000
000
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

041
        
        
        
        
        

041
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock
 net of tax impact of share-based compensation
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock
 net of tax impact of Share-based compensation
 shares
        

586
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

931
        
        
        
        

931
        
        
        
        


        

463
        
        
        
        

463
        
        
        
        


Cancellation of shares
 value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Conversion of Class B common stock into Class A common stock (Note 1)
 shares
        

913
310

086
000

913
310)

086
000)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

025
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

025
        


        

724
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

724
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending balance at Dec. 31
 2013

439

735
        
        
        

017

127
        

440)
        


Ending balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2013
        

452
896
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 excess tax benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 purchase of additional shares or other increase in noncontrolling interest ownership.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of additional shares issued (for example
 a stock split) or canceled (for example
 to correct a share issuance)
 during the period under the plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified











Trade receivables
 allowance

345

171


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        



          

        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

700
000
000

700
000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

452
896

000
000


Common stock
 shares outstanding

452
896

000
000



          

        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued
        

000
000


Common stock
 shares outstanding
        

000
000




        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 
9.
 Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses
 

 payable and accrued expenses for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 consisted of the following:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Accounts
 payable

 
 
234
462
 
 
 
174
089
 

 

Payroll and
 benefits

 
 
60
276
 
 
 
68
255
 



Accrued marketing and
 advertising

 
 
4
063
 
 
 
10
241
 

 

Current derivative
 liability (Note 12)

 
 
18
889
 
 
 
18
751
 



Other accrued
 liabilities

 
 
39
416
 
 
 
24
528
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
357
106
 
 
 
295
864
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
 -Paragraph 20
 24
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

897

056
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

473

246



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

006

708



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

433

510



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

025
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

009
        




        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share-Based Compensation - WhiteWave Restricted Stock Unit Grants and Restricted Stock Unit Expense (Detail) (Restricted Stock Units [Member]
 WhiteWave Foods [Member]
 USD $)
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

408
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share-Based Compensation - Additional Information on Stock Option Activity (Detail) (Stock Option [Member]
 USD $)
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

616
        
        


        

006
        
        


        

769
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

920

651

433


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Segment
 Geographic and Customer Information - Sales Amounts by Product Categories (Detail) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

542
063

289
438

025
751



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

123
997

921
444

657
192



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

716

727

834



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

517

880

136



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

764

837

222



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

066

994

559



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

066

994

559




        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        

582


        

209


        

526


        

200


        

203


        

884


        

604




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Billions
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2013
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

528
224
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

041

514

334


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

120
689

770
492

000
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

041

514

334


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

120
689

770
492

000
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

581
468

770
497

000
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

743
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

036
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 
10. Income
 Taxes
 

 for income taxes has been prepared on a separate return basis as if
 the Company was a stand-alone entity for periods prior to the
 Distribution. For periods prior to the Distribution
 the Company is
 included in the Dean Foods&#x2019; U.S. consolidated federal income
 tax return and also files some U.S. state income tax returns on a
 combined basis with Dean Foods. Our foreign subsidiaries file local
 income tax returns in the jurisdictions in which they
 operate.


 &#xA0;
 

 completed a number of transactions with Dean Foods under the tax
 matters agreement and in connection with the spin-off
 including
 the transfer of deferred tax assets and liabilities prior to or at
 spin date. As a result of these transactions
 $13.3 million of net
 distributions are reflected in contributions to equity in the
 consolidated statements of shareholders&#x2019; equity. In addition
 $3.5 million of our income tax payable is reflected as a reduction
 to contributions to equity in the consolidated statements of
 shareholders&#x2019; equity as a result of being included in the
 Dean Foods&#x2019; U.S. consolidated federal income tax return
 Dean
 Foods&#x2019; payment of domestic taxes through the IPO date
 and
 the settlement of our 2012 tax sharing true-up payments with Dean
 Foods.
 

 continuing operations before income taxes is comprised of the
 following:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



 

 
 
124
441
 
 
 
149
417
 
 
 
138
410
 

 

 

 
 
18
793
 
 
 
19
955
 
 
 
28
013
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Income from continuing
 operations before income taxes

 
 
143
234
 
 
 
169
372
 
 
 
166
423
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 

 expense consists of the following components:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Current income
 taxes:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
34
219
 
 
 
45
121
 
 
 
15
737
 



 

 
 
7
937
 
 
 
8
581
 
 
 
5
411
 

 

 

 
 
2
082
 
 
 
2
394
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total current income tax
 expense

 
 
44
238
 
 
 
56
096
 
 
 
21
578
 

 

Deferred income
 taxes:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
2
072
 
 
 
3
454
 
 
 
28
954
 

 

 

 
 
(1
990
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
551
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(2
056
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total deferred income tax
 expense (benefit)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30
511
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total income tax
 expense

 
 
44
193
 
 
 
56
858
 
 
 
52
089
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 &#xA0;

 
 

Excludes $0.1 million in income tax expense related to
 discontinued operations.




 
 

Excludes $5.5 million in income tax benefit related to
 discontinued operations.



 

 reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal tax rate to the
 Company&#x2019;s effective tax rate is as follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Tax expense at statutory
 rate of 35%

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

State income
 taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Foreign taxes versus U.S.
 statutory rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

SoFine
 write-down

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



U.S. manufacturing
 deduction

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Deferred tax rate
 adjustments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Uncertain tax
 positions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Non deductible
 transaction costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Effective tax
 rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 &#xA0;
 

 above
 the amounts for uncertain tax positions and deferred tax
 rate adjustments include amounts related to state and foreign
 income taxes.
 

 effects of temporary differences giving rise to deferred income tax
 assets (liabilities) were:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Deferred income tax
 assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Share-based
 compensation

 
 
21
630
 
 
 
6
578
 



Derivative
 instruments

 
 
16
616
 
 
 
24
861
 

 

Accrued
 liabilities

 
 
10
188
 
 
 
6
844
 



 

 
 
4
390
 
 
 
4
140
 

 

 

 
 
3
375
 
 
 
3
303
 



Net operating loss
 carryforwards

 
 
2
695
 
 
 
5
459
 

 

 

 
 
1
617
 
 
 
1
574
 



Valuation
 allowances

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total deferred income tax
 assets

 
 
60
385
 
 
 
52
235
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Deferred income tax
 liabilities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Intangible
 assets

 
 
(163
286
 
 
 
(139
062
 



Property
 plant and
 equipment

 
 
(108
276
 
 
 
(110
414
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total deferred income tax
 liabilities

 
 
(271
562
 
 
 
(249
476
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Net deferred income tax
 liability

 
 
(211
177
 
 
 
(197
241
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 &#xA0;

 
 

Includes $0.8 million of deferred tax assets related to
 uncertain tax positions.




 
 

Includes $1.2 million of deferred tax assets related to
 uncertain tax positions.



 

 deferred income tax assets (liabilities) shown above are classified
 in our consolidated balance sheets as follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



 

 
 
26
588
 
 
 
21
044
 

 

Noncurrent
 liabilities

 
 
(237
765
 
 
 
(218
285
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
(211
177
 
 
 
(197
241
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 

 December&#xA0;31
 2013
 we had $2.7 million of tax-effected state
 and foreign net operating loss carryforwards
 some of which are
 subject to certain limitations and begin to expire in 2017. A
 valuation allowance of $0.1 million has been established at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013 because we do not believe it is more likely
 than not that all of the deferred tax assets related to the state
 net operating loss carryforwards will be realized prior to
 expiration.


 &#xA0;
 

 is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending gross unrecognized
 tax benefits
 recorded in our consolidated balance
 sheets:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Balance at
 January&#xA0;1

 
 
10
433
 
 
 
12
573
 
 
 
39
862
 

 

Increases in tax
 positions for current year

 
 
1
756
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Increases in tax
 positions for prior years

 
 
1
562
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
086
 

 

Decreases in tax
 positions for prior years

 
 
(2
565
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(28
451
 



Settlement of tax
 matters

 
 
(5
992
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Lapse of applicable
 statutes of limitations

 
 
(1
319
 
 
 
(1
177
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Balance at
 December&#xA0;31

 
 
3
875
 
 
 
10
433
 
 
 
12
573
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 

 to unrecognized tax benefits are attributable to U.S. federal and
 state and foreign tax matters. The settlement of tax matters in
 2013 is primarily from the closing of taxing authority examinations
 related to the Alpro acquisition in 2009
 which was substantially
 offset by the use of adjustments associated with transfer pricing
 assets.
 

 balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December&#xA0;31
 2013
 $3.9 million would impact our effective tax rate when released. Any
 changes to our liability for unrecognized tax benefits is not
 expected to have a material effect on our financial condition
 results of operations or liquidity.
 

 accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions as a component
 of income tax expense. Penalties
 if incurred
 are recorded in
 general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements
 of operations. Income tax expense for 2013
 2012
 and 2011 included
 interest expense (income)
 of $0.1 million
 ($0.6) million
 and
 $nil
 respectively. Our liability for uncertain tax positions
 included accrued interest of $0.4&#xA0;million and $0.3 million at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
 

 Foods&#x2019; U.S. federal income tax returns have been audited
 through 2011. However
 the statute for potential adjustments for
 the years 2007-2011 remains open
 pending further administrative
 reviews. State income tax returns are generally subject to
 examination for a period of three to five years after filing. Our
 foreign income tax returns are generally subject to examination for
 a period of one to five years after filing. We have various income
 tax returns in the process of examination
 appeals or
 settlement.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        

162
        


        

556

420



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        

162
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        

255

262



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        

667

669




        
          

        
          
            

 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share-Based Compensation - Summary of WhiteWave Options Outstanding (Detail) (WhiteWave Foods [Member]
 USD $)

        

      







          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Exercise price range
 Lower limit
        


Exercise price range
 Upper limit
        


Number Outstanding
 Options Outstanding

180
557


Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life
 Options Outstanding
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        


Number Exercisable
 Options Exercisable

364


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        



          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Exercise price range
 Lower limit
        


Number Outstanding
 Options Outstanding

451
962


Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life
 Options Outstanding
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        


Number Exercisable
 Options Exercisable

150


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        



          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Exercise price range
 Lower limit
        


Exercise price range
 Upper limit
        


Number Outstanding
 Options Outstanding

593


Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life
 Options Outstanding
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        


Number Exercisable
 Options Exercisable

765


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        



          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Exercise price range
 Lower limit
        


Number Outstanding
 Options Outstanding

230
095


Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life
 Options Outstanding
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        


Number Exercisable
 Options Exercisable

676


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        



          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Exercise price range
 Lower limit
        


Exercise price range
 Upper limit
        


Number Outstanding
 Options Outstanding

181


Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life
 Options Outstanding
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        


Number Exercisable
 Options Exercisable

896


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        



          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Exercise price range
 Lower limit
        


Number Outstanding
 Options Outstanding

416
666


Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life
 Options Outstanding
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        


Number Exercisable
 Options Exercisable

561


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        



          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Exercise price range
 Lower limit
        


Exercise price range
 Upper limit
        


Number Outstanding
 Options Outstanding

861
042


Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life
 Options Outstanding
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        


Number Exercisable
 Options Exercisable

861
042


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        



          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Exercise price range
 Lower limit
        


Exercise price range
 Upper limit
        


Number Outstanding
 Options Outstanding

761
502


Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life
 Options Outstanding
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        


Number Exercisable
 Options Exercisable

761
502


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        



          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Exercise price range
 Lower limit
        


Number Outstanding
 Options Outstanding

679


Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life
 Options Outstanding
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        


Number Exercisable
 Options Exercisable

679


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        



          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Exercise price range
 Lower limit
        


Number Outstanding
 Options Outstanding

308


Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life
 Options Outstanding
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        


Number Exercisable
 Options Exercisable

308


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

503
487

175
374

916
830


        

063

513

921


        

513

551
        


        

542
063

289
438

025
751


        

634
646

485
494

341
310


        

417

944

441


        
        

034

680


        
        
        
        


        

233

130

724


        

526

595

703


        

226
        
        


        

985

725

427


        

432

253

694


        
        
        
        


        

027

924

149


Other expense (income)
 net

829)
        
        


        

198

881

271


        

234

372

423


        

193

858

089


        

041

514

334


Gain on sale of discontinued operations
 net of tax
        
        

616


Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        

056

105)


        

041

973

845


        
        

279)

550


        

041

694

395


        
        
        
        


        

120
689

770
492

000
000


        

581
468

770
497

000
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax expense or benefit and not previously recognized
 resulting from the sale of a business component.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or provision therefore) during the reporting period
 until its disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 exchange or sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Transactions with Morningstar Foods
 LLC (Morningstar)

        

      






        
        


Transactions with Morningstar Foods
 LLC (Morningstar)
        
 
4.
 Transactions with Morningstar Foods
 LLC
 (&#x201C;Morningstar&#x201D;)
 

 January&#xA0;3
 2013 Dean Foods sold its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Morningstar to an unaffiliated third party
 and therefore
 Morningstar is no longer considered a related party. In connection
 with this sale
 we modified certain of the commercial agreements
 between us and Morningstar. These modifications
 with the exception
 of the Morningstar Asset Purchase Agreement
 are primarily timing
 modifications and will not have a material impact on our results of
 operations.


Morningstar Asset Purchase
 Agreement
 

 with Dean Foods&#x2019; sale of Morningstar
 we agreed to terminate
 an option to purchase plant capacity and property at a Morningstar
 facility
 sell to Morningstar certain manufacturing equipment used
 to produce certain WhiteWave products
 and execute certain other
 transactions. The agreement was executed on December&#xA0;2
 2012
 but became effective on January&#xA0;3
 2013
 immediately prior to
 the completion of Dean Foods&#x2019; sale of Morningstar
 and we
 received proceeds of $60 million as consideration. This transaction
 was accounted for as a contribution to equity and a purchase by
 Dean Foods. The proceeds were used to repay a portion of the
 outstanding balance under the senior secured credit
 facilities.


 
 

 with and effective as of our initial public offering
 we entered
 into an agreement with Morningstar
 a then wholly-owned Dean Foods
 subsidiary
 pursuant to which Morningstar transferred back to us
 responsibility for sales and associated costs of certain WhiteWave
 products over a term of up to nine months after the completion of
 the Morningstar sale. During the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 Morningstar provided certain transitional services to us which
 included
 but were not limited to
 taking and filling orders
 collecting receivables
 and shipping products to our customers.
 Morningstar remitted to us the cash representing the net profit
 collected from these product sales until such time as the sales
 transitioned to us. The net effect of the agreement is reflected as
 transitional sales fees of $1.5 million in our consolidated
 statement of operations for the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013.
 The sales transition was substantially completed during the early
 part of the second quarter of 2013.
 

 entered into an agreement with Morningstar pursuant to which we
 transferred to Morningstar responsibility for the sales and
 associated costs of our aerosol whipped topping and other non-core
 products. Per the agreement
 we provided certain transitional
 services to Morningstar which included
 but were not limited to
 taking and filling orders
 collecting receivables and shipping
 products to customers. We remitted to Morningstar the net profit
 associated with these product sales until such time as the sales
 were transitioned to Morningstar. The net fees remitted for the
 year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 were $0.7 million. The services
 transition was substantially completed during the early part of the
 second quarter of 2013.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 
3. Asset
 Disposal and Exit Costs
 

 fourth quarter of 2013
 management approved a plan to sell the
 operations of SoFine Foods BV (&#x201C;SoFine&#x201D;)
 a
 wholly-owned subsidiary that operates a soy-based meat-alternatives
 business in the Netherlands. Management&#x2019;s intention to pursue
 a sale is based on the strategic decision to exit this non-core
 business of the Europe segment. As a result
 a write-down of $9.8
 million was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2013. This charge is
 included in asset disposal and exit costs in our consolidated
 statements of operations. SoFine&#x2019;s assets and liabilities are
 included in the Europe segment and the fair value was determined
 based on the estimated selling price
 less cost to sell. The
 disposition of the SoFine business is expected to be completed in
 the next 60&#xA0;days. The net assets and liabilities held for sale
 and operating results of SoFine are immaterial.


 &#xA0;
 

 third quarter of 2013
 management approved a plan to sell the
 assets of its dairy farm located in Idaho. Management&#x2019;s
 decision to pursue a sale is based on the strategic decision to
 focus on North America&#x2019;s core processing
 marketing and
 distribution capabilities. The assets were classified as held for
 sale at $40.5&#xA0;million representing their fair value
 net of
 estimated costs to sell
 as of September&#xA0;30
 2013. As a
 result
 a non-cash write-down of $7.4 million was recorded during
 the third quarter of 2013. This charge is included in asset
 disposal and exit costs in our consolidated statements of
 operations. The Idaho dairy farm assets were included in the North
 America segment and the fair value was determined based on the
 estimated selling price
 less cost to sell.
 

 quarter of 2013
 in conjunction with the final sale of the Idaho
 dairy farm
 we recorded an additional write-down of $3.7 million
 for a total impairment charge of $11.1 million included in asset
 disposal and exit costs in our consolidated statement of
 operations. Cash received at time of sale was $31.0 million
 net of
 disposal costs. In addition
 we recorded a note receivable for $6.4
 million which is expected to be collected in the first half of
 2014.
 

 we recorded a charge of $3.3 million related to lease liabilities
 severance and related costs in connection with the Idaho dairy farm
 sale. This charge is included in asset disposal and exit costs in
 our consolidated statement of operations and relate to our North
 America segment. Liabilities recorded and the changes therein for
 year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 were as follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 


 expense
 
 
 

 settled
 
 
 
 December&#xA0;31

 2013
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Lease
 liability

 
 
2
674
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
674
 

 

Severance and related
 costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
3
306
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3
306
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 

 balances reflect our total estimated future cash payments. We
 expect cash payments for the lease liability and severance and
 related costs to be completed in the next 12 months.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 
15.
 Employee Retirement Plans
 

 Distribution
 our employees participated in Dean Foods&#x2019;
 broad-based programs generally available to all employees
 including its 401(k) plan
 health and dental plans and various
 other insurance plans
 including disability and life insurance.
 Effective upon the Distribution
 the Company implemented its own
 substantially similar employee benefit plans and our employees are
 no longer eligible to participate in Dean Foods&#x2019; plans.
 Additionally
 we contribute to one multiemployer pension plan on
 behalf of our employees.
 

 all full-time union and non-union employees who have completed one
 or more years of service and have met other requirements pursuant
 to the plans were eligible to participate in one or more of the
 Dean Foods&#x2019; plans. Expenses related to our employees&#x2019;
 participation in Dean Foods&#x2019; plans
 prior to the
 Distribution
 were determined by specifically identifying the costs
 for the Company&#x2019;s participants.
 

 2012
 and 2011
 our retirement plans expenses were as
 follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Defined benefit
 plans

 
 
2
050
 
 
 
1
804
 
 
 
1
781
 

 

Defined contribution
 plan

 
 
3
163
 
 
 
2
210
 
 
 
2
386
 



Multiemployer pension and
 certain union plans

 
 
1
683
 
 
 
1
658
 
 
 
1
591
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
6
896
 
 
 
5
672
 
 
 
5
758
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 &#xA0;


Defined
 Contribution Plan
Certain of our non-union personnel may elect to participate
 in a savings plan sponsored by the Company. This plan provides for
 contributions by the participants of between 1% and 20% and
 provides for matching contributions by the employer up to 4% of a
 participant&#x2019;s annual compensation. In addition
 certain union
 hourly employees are participants in the company-sponsored defined
 contribution plan
 which provide for employer contributions in
 various amounts ranging from $24 to $91 per pay period per
 participant.

Alpro
 Defined Benefit Plans
We have separate
 stand-alone defined benefit pension plans
 as a result of the acquisition of Alpro on July&#xA0;2
&#xA0;2009.
 The benefits under our Alpro defined benefit plans are based on
 years of service and employee compensation. Our funding policy is
 to contribute annually the minimum amount required under local
 regulations plus additional amounts as management deems
 appropriate.
Included in accumulated other comprehensive income at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 are the following amounts that have
 not yet been recognized in net periodic pension cost: unrecognized
 prior service costs of $0.2&#xA0;million ($0.1 million net of tax)
 and $0.3 million ($0.2 million net of tax) and unrecognized
 actuarial losses of $1.0 million ($0.7 million net of tax) and $2.4
 million ($1.6 million net of tax)
 respectively. The prior service
 costs and actuarial losses included in accumulated other
 comprehensive income and expected to be recognized in net periodic
 pension cost during the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2014 are
 $12
500 ($8
500 net of tax) and $2
700&#xA0;($1
800 net of tax)
 respectively.
The reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of
 the projected benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets
 for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 and the funded
 status of the plans at December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Change in Benefit
 Obligation:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Benefit obligation at
 beginning of the year

 
 
15
882
 
 
 
11
865
 



 

 
 
1
771
 
 
 
1
409
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Plan participants&#x2019;
 contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Plan
 amendments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Actuarial
 (gain)/loss

 
 
(1
395
 
 
 
1
756
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Exchange rate
 changes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Benefit obligation
 end
 of year

 
 
17
009
 
 
 
15
882
 

 

Change in Plan
 Assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year

 
 
9
819
 
 
 
7
710
 

 

Actual return on plan
 assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Employer contributions to
 plan

 
 
1
492
 
 
 
1
410
 

 

Plan participants&#x2019;
 contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Exchange rate
 changes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Fair value of plan
 assets
 end of year

 
 
11
731
 
 
 
9
819
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Funded status at end of
 year

 
 
(5
278
 
 
 
(6
063
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
The underfunded status of the plans of $5.3 million at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013 is recognized in our consolidated balance
 sheet as a non-current accrued pension liability. We do not expect
 any plan assets to be returned to us during the year ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2014. We expect to contribute $1.7 million to the
 pension plans in 2014.
A summary of our key actuarial assumptions used to
 determine benefit obligations as of December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Weighted average discount
 rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Rate of compensation
 increase

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


A summary of our key actuarial assumptions used to
 determine net periodic benefit cost for 2013
 2012
 and 2011 is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Weighted average discount
 rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected return on
 assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Rate of compensation
 increase

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Components of net
 periodic benefit cost:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
1
771
 
 
 
1
409
 
 
 
1
311
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected return on plan
 assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Prior service
 cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Unrecognized net
 loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Net periodic benefit
 cost

 
 
2
050
 
 
 
1
750
 
 
 
1
720
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


The overall expected long-term rate of return on plan
 assets is a weighted-average expectation based on the targeted and
 expected portfolio composition. We consider historical performance
 and current benchmarks to arrive at expected long-term rates of
 return in each asset category.
Pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in
 excess of plan assets are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Projected benefit
 obligation

 
 
3
601
 
 
 
3
237
 
 
 
2
147
 

 

Accumulated benefit
 obligation

 
 
3
206
 
 
 
2
822
 
 
 
1
794
 



Fair value of plan
 assets

 
 
1
902
 
 
 
1
463
 
 
 
 
 


The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit
 plans was $12.3 million and $11.1 million at December&#xA0;31
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.

 
The weighted average discount rate reflects the rate at
 which our defined benefit plan obligations could be effectively
 settled. The rate uses a model that reflects a bond yield curve
 constructed from high-quality corporate or foreign government
 bonds
 for which the timing of cash outflows approximate the
 estimated payments. The weighted average discount rate was
 increased from 3.5% at December&#xA0;31
 2012 to 3.8% at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013
 which will decrease the net periodic
 benefit cost in 2014.
At December&#xA0;31
 2013
 our qualified pension plan
 investments are comprised of insurance contracts
 and the
 guaranteed premiums are invested in the general assets of the
 insurance company. The funding policy is to contribute assets at
 least equal in amount to regulatory minimum requirements. Funding
 is based on legal requirements
 tax considerations
 and investment
 opportunities.
Estimated pension plan benefit payments to our participants
 for the next ten years are as follows (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

Next five
 years

 
 
7
114
 


Fair value is an exit price
 representing the amount that
 would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined
 based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
 an asset or liability. As a basis for considering assumptions
 we
 follow a three-tier fair value hierarchy
 which prioritizes the
 inputs used in measuring fair value of our defined benefit
 plans&#x2019; consolidated assets. We classify the insurance
 contracts as Level 3 as there is little or no market data for the
 unobservable inputs
 which requires development of assumptions. See
 Note 12 &#x201C;Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value
 Measurements.&#x201D;
For both 2013 and 2012
 approximately 90% of the insurance
 contracts were financed by employer premiums with the insurer
 managing the reserves as calculated using an actuarial model. The
 remaining 10% of the insurance contracts were financed by employer
 and employee contributions with the insurer managing the reserves
 collectively with other pension plans.
A reconciliation of the change in the fair value
 measurement of the defined benefit plans&#x2019; consolidated assets
 using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the years
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Assets
 

 
 
 
 
 



Balance at
 January&#xA0;1
 2012

 
 
7
710
 

 

Actual return on plan
 assets:

 
 
 
 



Relating to instruments
 still held at reporting date

 
 
 
 

 

Purchases
 sales and
 settlements (net)

 
 
1
624
 


 
 

 


 

 



Balance at
 December&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
9
819
 

 

Actual return on plan
 assets:

 
 
 
 



Relating to instruments
 still held at reporting date

 
 
 
 

 

Purchases
 sales and
 settlements (net)

 
 
1
555
 


 
 

 


 

 



Balance at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
11
731
 


 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
We contribute to a multiemployer pension plan that covers
 approximately 250 of our union employees. This plan is administered
 by a board of trustees composed of labor representatives and the
 management of the participating companies. The risks of
 participating in a multiemployer plan are different from a
 single-employer plan in the following aspects:

 

 
 
 
 

assets contributed to a multiemployer plan by one
 employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other
 participating employers;




 

 
 
 
 

if a participating employer stops contributing to the
 plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the
 remaining participating employers; and




 

 
 
 
 

if we choose to stop participating in our
 multiemployer plan
 we may be required to pay the plan an amount
 based on the underfunded status of the plan
 referred to as a
 withdrawal liability.



At this time
 we have not established any significant
 liabilities because withdrawal from this plan is not probable or
 reasonably possible.
Our participation in the multiemployer plan for the year
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 is outlined in the table below. Unless
 otherwise noted
 the most recent Pension Protection Act
 (&#x201C;PPA&#x201D;) Zone Status available in 2013 and 2012 is for
 the plan&#x2019;s year-end at December&#xA0;31
 2012 and
 December&#xA0;31
 2011
 respectively. The zone status is based on
 information that we obtained from the plan&#x2019;s Form 5500
 which
 is available in the public domain and is certified by the
 plan&#x2019;s actuary. Among other factors
 plans in the red zone
 are generally less than 65% funded
 plans in the yellow zone are
 less than 80% funded
 and plans in the green zone are at least 80%
 funded. The &#x201C;FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented&#x201D; column
 indicates plans for which a funding improvement plan
 (&#x201C;FIP&#x201D;) or a rehabilitation plan (&#x201C;RP&#x201D;) is
 either pending or has been implemented. Federal law requires that
 plans classified in the yellow zone or red zone adopt a funding
 improvement plan or rehabilitation plan
 respectively
 in order to
 improve the financial health of the plan. The &#x201C;Extended
 Amortization Provisions&#x201D; column indicates plans which have
 elected to utilize the special 30-year amortization rules provided
 by the Pension Relief Act of 2010 to amortize its losses from 2008
 as a result of turmoil in the financial markets. The last column in
 the table lists the expiration date of the collective-bargaining
 agreement to which the plan is subject.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Pension
 fund

 
 

 number
 
 

 number
 
PPA Zone
 status
 
 

 implemented
 
 

 provisions
 
 
 date of
 


 agreement

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Western Conference of
 Teamsters Pension Plan

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
March&#xA0;1
&#xA0;2015&#x2014;


&#xA0;2017




 &#xA0;

 
 

We are party to one collective bargaining agreement in
 this multiemployer Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan
 which requires contributions. We are also party to two other
 collective bargaining agreements whose defined contribution plans
 are 401(k) plans that require matching contributions. These
 agreements cover a large number of employee participants and expire
 on various dates between 2014 and 2016.



Information regarding our contributions to our
 multiemployer pension plan is shown in the table below. There are
 no changes that materially affected the comparability of our
 contributions to the plan during the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011 (in thousands).

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 number
 
 
 

 number
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Pension
 fund

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Western Conference of
 Teamsters Pension Plan

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
683
 
 
 
1
658
 
 
 
1
591
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;
During the 2013
 2012
 and 2011 plan years
 our
 contributions did not exceed 5% of total plan
 contributions.

 
We sponsor two deferred compensation plans
 Pre-2005
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan and Post-2004 Executive
 Deferred Compensation Plan
 under which certain employees with a
 base compensation of $150
000 may elect to defer receiving payment
 for a portion of their salary and bonus until periods after their
 respective retirements or upon separation from service. The amounts
 deferred are partially funded as unsecured obligations of the
 Company
 receiving no preferential standing
 and are subject to the
 same risk as other unsecured obligations. The participants in these
 plans may choose from a number of externally managed mutual fund
 investments
 money market funds and stocks and their investment
 balances track the rates of return for these accounts. Amounts
 payable
 including accrued deemed interest
 totaled $4.6 million at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013
 which were included in other long-term
 liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The assets related
 to these plans are primarily invested in money market mutual funds
 and are recorded at fair value. We classify these assets as Level 2
 as fair value can be corroborated based on quoted market prices for
 identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active.
 See Note 12 &#x201C;Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value
 Measurement.&#x201D;
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 
11. Debt
 and Allocated Portion of Dean Foods&#x2019; Debt


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 outstanding
 
 
 
 rate
 
 
 
 outstanding
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In thousands
 except
 percentages)
 



Senior secured credit
 facilities

 
 
662
650
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
780
550
 
 
 
 
 

 

Less current
 portion

 
 
(15
000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(15
000
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



Total long-term
 debt

 
 
647
650
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
765
550
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 &#xA0;

 
 

Represents a weighted average rate
 including applicable
 interest rate margins
 for the senior secured revolving credit
 facility
 Term Loan A-1
 and Term Loan A-2.





 &#xA0;


Senior
 Secured Credit Facilities
On October&#xA0;12
 2012
 we entered into a credit agreement
 among us
 the subsidiary guarantors listed therein
 Bank of
 America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as syndication agent
 and the other lenders party thereto. The
 Credit Agreement governs our senior secured credit facilities
 consisting of a five-year revolving credit facility in a principal
 amount of $850 million
 an original five-year $250 million term
 loan A-1
 and an original seven-year $250 million term loan A-2. We
 capitalized $12.4 million of deferred financing fees
 which are
 being amortized over the term of the respective credit or term loan
 facility. Deferred financing fees are included in identifiable
 intangible and other assets in our consolidated balance
 sheets.
The senior secured credit facilities are secured by security
 interests and liens on substantially all of our assets and the
 assets of our domestic subsidiaries. The senior secured credit
 facilities are guaranteed by our material domestic subsidiaries.
 Borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities currently
 bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 1.50%&#xA0;per annum or
 in
 the case of the $250 million term loan A-2 facility
 LIBOR plus
 1.75%&#xA0;per annum. As of December&#xA0;31
 2013
 we were in
 compliance with all debt covenants.
As of December&#xA0;31
 2013
 we had outstanding borrowings of
 $662.7 million under our $1.35 billion senior secured credit
 facilities
 of which $485.0 million consists of term loan
 borrowings and $177.7 million consists of borrowing under the $850
 million revolving portion of our senior secured credit facilities.
 Our outstanding line of credit balance was $4.8 million. We had
 additional borrowing capacity of $667.5 million under our senior
 secured credit facilities
 which amount will vary over time
 depending on our financial covenants and operating
 performance.
The scheduled maturities of long-term debt at December&#xA0;31
 2013
 were as follows (in thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
15
000
 
 
 
12
500
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
21
250
 
 
 
18
750
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
21
250
 
 
 
18
750
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
190
000
 
 
 
187
500
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
180
150
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
177
650
 

 

 

 
 
235
000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
235
000
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total outstanding
 debt

 
 
662
650
 
 
 
237
500
 
 
 
247
500
 
 
 
177
650
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


In conjunction with the January&#xA0;2
 2014 acquisition of
 Earthbound Farm
 see Note 20 &#x201C;Subsequent Events&#x201D;
 under
 the terms of the Credit Agreement
 we entered into an Incremental
 Term Loan Agreement to establish a new incremental seven-year term
 loan A-3 facility in an aggregate principal amount of $500.0
 million (the &#x201C;Incremental Term Loan Agreement&#x201D;) that
 currently bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 2.00%&#xA0;per
 annum. We capitalized $3.3 million of deferred financing fees
 which are being amortized over the term of the term loan facility.
 Deferred financing fees are included in identifiable intangible and
 other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. We also amended
 the Credit Agreement on January&#xA0;2
 2014
 in order to
 among
 other things
 reset an accordion feature that allows for our senior
 secured credit facilities to be increased by up to $500 million and
 increase the limit of swing line loans to $85 million.
As of January&#xA0;2
 2014
 the terms of the senior secured
 credit facilities include the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

allows up to $75 million of letters of credit and up to
 $85 million of swing line loans under the revolving credit
 facility;




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

maturity on October&#xA0;31
 2017 for the term loan A-1
 and revolving credit facility
 October&#xA0;31
 2019 for the term
 loan A-2 facility and January&#xA0;2
 2021 for the term loan
 A-3;




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

required amortization repayment in quarterly installments
 of the following amounts on the $250&#xA0;million term loan A-1
 facility: $12.5 million in 2014
 $18.75 million in 2015 and 2016
 and $25.0&#xA0;million in 2017 with the balance at maturity
 in the
 case of the $250 million term loan A-2 facility
 $2.5 million in
 2014 through 2019 with the balance at maturity
 and in the case of
 the $500 million term loan A-3 facility
 $5.0 million in 2014
 through 2020 with the balance at maturity;




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

an accordion feature allowing
 under certain
 circumstances
 the maximum principal amount of the senior secured
 credit facilities to be increased by up to $500 million
 subject to
 lender commitments;




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

mandatory prepayments in the event of certain asset sales
 and receipt of insurance proceeds;




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

customary representations and warranties that are made
 upon each borrowing under the senior secured credit
 facilities;




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

customary affirmative and negative covenants for
 agreements of this type
 including delivery of financial and other
 information
 compliance with laws
 further assurances
 and
 limitations with respect to indebtedness
 liens
 fundamental
 changes
 restrictive agreements
 dispositions of assets
 acquisitions and other investments
 sale leaseback transactions
 conduct of business
 transactions with affiliates
 and restricted
 payments; and




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

financial covenants pertaining to (a)&#xA0;a maximum
 consolidated net leverage ratio initially set at 4.25 to 1.00 and
 stepping down to 4.00 to 1.00 beginning March&#xA0;31
 2014 and
 then to 3.75 to 1.00 beginning March&#xA0;31
 2015 and thereafter
 (subject to our right to increase such ratio by 0.50 to 1.00
 but
 not to exceed 4.50 to 1.00
 for the next four fiscal quarters
 following any permitted acquisition for which the purchase
 consideration equals or exceeds $50 million and results in a pro
 forma net leverage ratio that is within 0.25 to 1.00 of the
 covenant then in effect) and (b)&#xA0;a minimum consolidated
 interest coverage ratio set at 3.00 to 1.00.



The acquisition of Earthbound Farm was partially funded by
 approximately $615 million in new borrowings under the senior
 secured credit facilities
 including the $500 million incremental
 term loan A-3 facility. The incremental term loan agreement
 increases the amount of our senior secured credit facilities
 commitments to a current aggregate of $1.84 billion. After giving
 effect to the acquisition
 the outstanding principal amount of
 borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities is
 approximately $1.28 billion. The scheduled maturities of long-term
 debt at January&#xA0;31
 2014
 were as follows (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
20
000
 
 
 
12
500
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
5
000
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
26
250
 
 
 
18
750
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
5
000
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
26
250
 
 
 
18
750
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
5
000
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
195
000
 
 
 
187
500
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
5
000
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
299
490
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
500
 
 
 
5
000
 
 
 
291
990
 

 

 

 
 
710
000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
235
000
 
 
 
475
000
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total outstanding
 debt

 
 
1
276
990
 
 
 
237
500
 
 
 
247
500
 
 
 
500
000
 
 
 
291
990
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 
In 2004
 we began participating in Dean Foods&#x2019;
 receivables-backed facility. We sold certain of our accounts
 receivable to a wholly-owned entity that is intended to be
 bankruptcy-remote. The entity transferred the receivables to
 third-party asset-backed commercial paper conduits sponsored by
 major financial institutions. The securitization was treated as
 borrowing for accounting purposes. We were the beneficiary and
 obligor for all borrowings and repayments under our portion of the
 Dean Foods facility.

 &#xA0;
During 2012
 we borrowed $150.7 million and subsequently repaid
 $166.7 million under the facility. In connection with our initial
 public offering
 effective September&#xA0;1
 2012
 we are no longer
 a participant in the Dean Foods receivables securitization program.
 Receivables sold by us to the entity on or prior to August&#xA0;31
 2012 will continue to be collected by Dean Foods; however
 any
 receivables generated by us subsequent to September&#xA0;1
 2012
 were not sold into the receivables securitization
 program.

Alpro
 Revolving Credit Facility
In 2011 and 2012
 Alpro maintained a revolving credit facility
 not to exceed &#x20AC;1&#xA0;million ($1.4 million) (or its currency
 equivalent). On December&#xA0;9
 2013
 we increased the facility to
 an amount not to exceed &#x20AC;10&#xA0;million ($13.7 million) (or
 its currency equivalent). The facility is unsecured and is
 guaranteed by various Alpro subsidiaries. The subsidiary revolving
 credit facility is available for working capital and other general
 corporate purposes of Alpro and for the issuance of up to
 &#x20AC;10&#xA0;million ($13.7 million) (or its currency equivalent)
 letters of credit. At December&#xA0;31
 2013 and December&#xA0;31
 2012
 there were no outstanding borrowings under this facility.
 Principal payments
 if any
 are due under the subsidiary revolving
 credit facility upon maturity on December&#xA0;9
 2014.

Allocated Portion of Dean Foods&#x2019; Debt (Senior
 Secured Credit Facility)
On July&#xA0;2
 2009
 we were allocated $440.3 million from the
 Dean Foods senior secured credit facility to fund our acquisition
 of Alpro. Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 interest expense had been allocated based on the historical
 interest rates of the Dean Foods senior secured credit facility and
 totaled $9.9&#xA0;million
 and $13.2 million in 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Debt issuance costs were allocated in the same
 proportion as debt and recorded as a non-current asset included in
 our consolidated balance sheets. Upon completion of our initial
 public offering
 the principal balances associated with this
 allocated portion of the Dean Foods senior secured credit facility
 were settled as a contribution to our capital from Dean Foods. Our
 guarantee of Dean Foods&#x2019; senior secured credit facility also
 terminated upon completion of our initial public offering. See Note
 18 &#x201C;Related Party
 Transactions&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;Guarantees.&#x201D;
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified















        
        
        
        


Total
 Fair Value

731

819

710



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Total
 Fair Value

731

819
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Total
 Fair Value
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Total
 Fair Value
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Total
 Fair Value
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Total
 Fair Value
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Total
 Fair Value

731

819

710



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Total
 Fair Value

731

819
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment

        

      






        
        


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
        
 
7.
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



 

 
 
38
968
 
 
 
49
334
 

 

 

 
 
295
057
 
 
 
285
190
 



Machinery and
 equipment

 
 
696
513
 
 
 
644
575
 

 

Leasehold
 improvements

 
 
10
136
 
 
 
9
355
 



Construction in
 progress

 
 
59
584
 
 
 
29
472
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
 
 
 
1
100
258
 
 
 
1
017
926
 



Less accumulated
 depreciation

 
 
(440
575
 
 
 
(393
284
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
659
683
 
 
 
624
642
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 

 expense was $79.0 million
 $71.8 million
 and $65.4 million in
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively.
 

 2012
 we capitalized $0.8 million and $0.5 million
 respectively
 in interest related to borrowings during the actual construction
 period of major capital projects
 which is included as part of the
 cost of the related asset.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      










 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Goodwill
 beginning balance

586

336

316

316

316

270

020


        

757

250
        
        
        

757

250


Goodwill
 ending balance

343

586

316

316

316

027

270




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 
5.
 Discontinued Operations


Hero
 Joint Venture&#x2019;s Discontinued
 Operations
In the second quarter of 2011
 we began evaluating strategic
 alternatives related to our joint venture with Hero. During the
 third quarter of 2011
 due to continued poor performance by the
 venture and a desire on our part to invest in core operations
 a
 recommendation was made to
 and approved by
 the joint venture
 partners to wind down the joint venture operations during the
 fourth quarter of 2011. In conjunction with this action plan
 we
 wrote down the value of the joint venture&#x2019;s long-lived assets
 to fair value less costs to sell as of September&#xA0;30
 2011. At
 the end of 2012
 the Hero joint venture wind down was completed.
 Our Hero operations have been classified as discontinued operations
 in our consolidated financial statements for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011. The following is a summary of the
 operating results of our discontinued operations:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
8
614
 



Income (loss) before
 income taxes

 
 
2
559
 
 
 
(33
100
 

 

Income tax (expense)
 benefit

 
 
 
 
 
 
5
995
 



Net income
 (loss)

 
 
2
056
 
 
 
(27
105
 

 

Net income (loss)
 attributable to non-controlling interest

 
 
1
279
 
 
 
(16
550
 


During 2012 and 2011
 Hero made cash contributions to the joint
 venture of $1.9 and $6.8&#xA0;million
 respectively. As part of the
 joint venture wind down in 2012
 we made distributions of $8.0
 million to Hero.

Other
 Discontinued Operations
During the second quarter of 2010
 we committed to a plan to
 sell the business operations of Rachel&#x2019;s
 which provided
 organic branded dairy-based chilled yogurt
 milk
 and related dairy
 products primarily in the United Kingdom. In September 2011
 we
 recorded an additional gain of $3.6 million on the sale of
 Rachel&#x2019;s as a result of working capital cash settlement
 and
 in 2012
 we recorded tax expense of $0.2 million related to the
 gain on sale of Rachel&#x2019;s. These have been recorded in gain on
 sale of discontinued operations
 net of tax
 in our consolidated
 statements of operations.

 &#xA0;
In relation to other prior discontinued operations
 we recorded
 a tax benefit in 2012 of $0.6 million due to the release of a
 liability for an uncertain tax position. This has been recorded in
 gain on sale of discontinued operations in our consolidated
 statements of operations.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 manner and timing of disposal
 the gain (loss) recognized in the income statement and the income statement caption that includes that gain (loss)
 amounts of revenues and pretax profit or loss reported in discontinued operations
 the segment in which the disposal group was reported
 and the classification (whether sold or classified as held for sale) and carrying value of the assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group. Includes all disposal groups
 including those classified as components of the entity (discontinued operations).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 
6.
 Inventories
 

 consisted of the following:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Raw materials and
 supplies

 
 
67
956
 
 
 
71
548
 

 

 

 
 
90
613
 
 
 
75
099
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
158
569
 
 
 
146
647
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 
8.
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 

 in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 are as follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 America
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Balance at
 January&#xA0;1
 2012

 
 
600
316
 
 
 
162
020
 
 
 
762
336
 

 

Foreign currency
 translation

 
 
 
 
 
 
3
250
 
 
 
3
250
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Balance at
 December&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
600
316
 
 
 
165
270
 
 
 
765
586
 

 

Foreign currency
 translation

 
 
 
 
 
 
6
757
 
 
 
6
757
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Balance at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
600
316
 
 
 
172
027
 
 
 
772
343
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 &#xA0;
 

 impairment charges related to goodwill during 2013
 2012
 or
 2011.
 

 carrying amount and accumulated amortization of our intangible
 assets other than goodwill as of December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 are as follows:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 amount
 
 
 
 amortization
 
 
 

 amount
 
 
 

 amount
 
 
 
 amortization
 
 
 

 amount
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Intangible assets with
 indefinite lives:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
354
527
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
354
527
 
 
 
350
725
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
350
725
 



Intangible assets with
 finite lives:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Customer-related and
 other

 
 
39
221
 
 
 
(17
826
 
 
 
21
395
 
 
 
37
644
 
 
 
(14
714
 
 
 
22
930
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
394
716
 
 
 
(18
789
 
 
 
375
927
 
 
 
389
337
 
 
 
(15
676
 
 
 
373
661
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 &#xA0;

 
 

The increase in the carrying amount of intangible assets
 with indefinite lives is the result of foreign currency translation
 adjustments.



 

 expense on finite-lived intangible assets for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011 was $2.9 million
 $2.5
 million
 and $2.6 million
 respectively. Estimated aggregate
 finite-lived intangible asset amortization expense for the next
 five years is as follows (in millions):


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

462

089


        

276

255


        

063

241


        

889

751


        

416

528


        

106

864




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Segment
 Geographic and Customer Information - Additional Information (Detail)

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Major customer
 percentage of sales
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurement - Summary of Deferred Compensation Plan Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis (Detail) (Mutual Funds [Member]
 Deferred Compensation Plan [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified







Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        


        

637



          

        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        


        
        



          

        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        


        

637



          

        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 marketable securities
 derivative financial instruments
 and investments accounted for under the equity method.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 f
 g
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

441

417

410


        

793

955

013


        

234

372

423




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share-Based Compensation - Summary of Cash Performance Units Activity (Detail) (Dean Foods Net Investment [Member]
 Cash Performance Units[Member])

        

      







          

        


        
        


        

105
000


        
        


        

105
000)


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Transferred in Period
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share-Based Compensation - Summary of WhiteWave Restricted Stock Unit Activity (Detail) (WhiteWave Foods [Member]
 Restricted Stock Units [Member]
 USD $)

        

      







          

        


        
        


        

681


        

305


        

992)


        

166)


        

768


        

247
596


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        

226
000



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

700
000

400
000
        


Non-cash write-down of assets
 net of tax

300
000

500
000
        


Charge related to lease liabilities
 severance and related cost

300
000
        

306
000


Charge related to lease liabilities
 severance charge and related cost
 net of tax

000
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

800
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 exchange or sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 

 consisted of the following:


 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Raw materials and
 supplies

 
 
67
956
 
 
 
71
548
 

 

 

 
 
90
613
 
 
 
75
099
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
158
569
 
 
 
146
647
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share data in Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      






 2013

          











 2012

          



 2012



          



 2013



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

500
000

600
000

900
000
        
        
        


        
        

000

300
000
        
        
        
        


        
        

500
000

100
000

900
000
        
        
        


        
        

000
000

900
000
        
        
        
        


        
        

400
000

300
000

100
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

200
000
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the balance sheet date) and the amount needed to provide for the estimated ultimate cost required to investigate and settle claims relating to insured events that have occurred on or before a particular date (ordinarily
 the balance sheet date)
 whether or not reported to the insurer at that date.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 
13.
 Share-Based Compensation
 

 August&#xA0;7
 2012
 the Dean Foods Compensation Committee
 the
 Dean Foods board of directors
 and our board of directors approved
 the terms of our 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#x201C;2012
 SIP&#x201D;). In connection with our initial public offering
 20&#xA0;million shares of our Class&#xA0;A common stock were
 reserved for issuance under the 2012 SIP upon the exercise of stock
 options
 restricted stock units (&#x201C;RSUs&#x201D;)
 or restricted
 stock awards that may be issued to our employees and non-employee
 directors. The 2012 SIP also includes awards of stock appreciation
 rights (&#x201C;SARs&#x201D;) and phantom shares as part of our
 long-term incentive compensation program. In general
 awards
 granted under the 2012 SIP vest one-third on the first anniversary
 of the grant date
 one-third on the second anniversary of the grant
 date
 and one-third on the third anniversary of the grant date.
 Unvested awards vest immediately upon a change of control and in
 the following additional circumstances: (i)&#xA0;an employee
 retires after reaching the age of 65
 (ii)&#xA0;in certain cases
 upon death or qualified disability
 and (iii)&#xA0;with the
 exception of the awards granted in connection with the initial
 public offering
 an employee with 10 years of service retires after
 reaching the age of 55.
 

 Distribution
 certain of the Company&#x2019;s employees participated
 in share-based compensation plans sponsored by Dean Foods. These
 plans provided employees with RSUs
 options to purchase shares of
 Dean Foods&#x2019; common stock
 and other stock-based awards. Given
 that the Company&#x2019;s employees directly benefit from
 participation in these plans
 the expense incurred by Dean Foods
 for stock and options granted specifically to our employees has
 been reflected in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of
 operations. These amounts were based on the awards and terms
 previously granted to our employees
 but may not reflect the equity
 awards or results that we would have experienced or expect to
 experience as a stand-alone public company. No new grants of Dean
 Foods&#x2019; equity were made to our employees after completion of
 our initial public offering. Prior to completion of the initial
 public offering
 expenses related to the corporate employees of
 Dean Foods were allocated based on the Company&#x2019;s percentage
 of Dean Foods&#x2019; total sales and totaled $4.3 million and
 $2.9&#xA0;million for the years ended December 2012 and 2011
 respectively.
 

 Foods plans
 the share and unit data presented in the tables below
 only reflect the costs that were directly attributable to the
 Company&#x2019;s employees and none of the allocated expenses of
 Dean Foods&#x2019; corporate employees. On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in
 connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based
 awards held by 162 of our non-employee directors and employees were
 converted into equity-based awards with respect to our Class&#xA0;A
 common stock. These Dean Foods equity-based awards included Dean
 Foods stock options (whether vested or unvested)
 unvested RSUs and
 unvested Dean Foods restricted stock awards held by our
 non-employee directors on the date of the Distribution. The options
 to purchase Dean Foods common stock held by our directors and
 employees were converted to options to purchase our Class&#xA0;A
 common stock in a manner that preserved the life and aggregate
 intrinsic value in the converted stock option and continued the
 same proportionate relationship between the exercise price and the
 value of our Class&#xA0;A common stock as existed with respect to
 the Dean Foods common stock immediately prior to the Distribution.
 The adjustment was effected based on a formula using the volume
 weighted average price of Dean Foods common stock and our
 Class&#xA0;A common stock during the five trading day period ended
 on the second trading day preceding the Distribution. The unvested
 Dean Foods RSUs held by our directors and employees were converted
 to WhiteWave RSUs in a manner that
 on a unit-by-unit basis
 preserved the life and intrinsic value of each outstanding Dean
 Foods RSU (determined using the same volume weighted average values
 as described above). The unvested Dean Foods phantom shares held by
 our employees were converted to WhiteWave phantom shares in a
 manner that
 on a unit-by-unit basis
 preserved the life and
 intrinsic value of each outstanding Dean Foods phantom share
 (determined using the same volume weighted average values as
 described above). Dean Foods restricted stock awards held by our
 directors on the date of the Distribution were converted into
 restricted stock awards with respect to our Class&#xA0;A common
 stock by (i)&#xA0;applying the same volume weighted average values
 as described above and (ii)&#xA0;subtracting any shares of our
 Class&#xA0;A common stock and Class B common stock received by our
 directors in the Distribution in respect of such Dean Foods
 restricted stock awards. We did not recognize any incremental
 expense in connection with the conversion of Dean Foods&#x2019;
 equity-based awards into WhiteWave awards as all other terms
 remained the same.


 
Under the terms of the 2012 SIP
 our employees may be
 granted options to purchase our common stock at a price equal to
 the market price on the date the option is granted. Our employee
 options vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date
 one-third on the second anniversary of the grant date
 and
 one-third on the third anniversary of the grant
 date.
Share-based compensation expense for stock options is
 recognized ratably over the vesting period. The expense totaled
 $7.4 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The fair value of each option award is
 estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation
 model with the following assumptions:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31


 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected
 volatility

 
 
 
 

 

Expected dividend
 yield

 
 
 
 



Expected option
 term

 
 
 
 

 

Risk-free rate of
 return

 
 
 
 


Since the Company&#x2019;s common stock did not have a long
 history of being publicly traded at grant date
 the expected term
 was determined under the simplified method
 using an average of the
 contractual term and vesting period of the stock options. The
 expected volatility assumption was calculated based on a
 compensation peer group analysis of stock price volatility with a
 six-year look back period ending on the grant date. The risk-free
 rates were based on the average implied yield available on
 five-year and seven-year U.S. Treasury issues. We have not paid
 and do not anticipate paying
 a cash dividend on our common
 stock.
The following table summarizes stock option activity during
 the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 options
 
 
 

 exercise&#xA0;price
 
 
 

 contractual&#xA0;life
 
 
 
 intrinsic
 
 



Options outstanding at
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
2
445
327
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
1
254
273
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Forfeited
 cancelled and
 expired

 
 
(112
550
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(775
322
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Converted from Dean Foods
 at Distribution

 
 
8
308
857
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Options outstanding at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
11
120
585
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
69
675
057
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Options vested and
 expected to vest at December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
11
025
166
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
68
957
640
 

 

Options exercisable at
 December&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Options exercisable at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
6
979
943
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
34
626
681
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 options that are
 cancelled expired or forfeited may be available for future
 grants.




 
 

On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our
 non-employee directors and employees were converted into
 equity-based awards with respect to our Class&#xA0;A common
 stock.




 &#xA0;
The following table summarizes information about options
 outstanding at December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Options
 outstanding
 
 
Options
 exercisable
 

 

Range
 of

exercise
 prices

 
 
 outstanding
 
 
 


 contractual&#xA0;life
 
 
 
 exercise price
 
 
 
 exercisable
 
 
 

 exercise&#xA0;price
 



 

 
 
1
180
557
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
832
364
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
1
451
962
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
501
150
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
440
593
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
429
765
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
1
230
095
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
53
676
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
677
181
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
633
896
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
2
416
666
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
805
561
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
1
861
042
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
861
042
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
1
761
502
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
761
502
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
84
679
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
84
679
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
16
308
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16
308
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(in thousands


 amounts)
 



Weighted-average grant
 date fair value per share of options granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Intrinsic value of
 options exercised

 
 
2
616
 
 
 
 
 



Fair value of shares
 vested

 
 
4
006
 
 
 
 
 

 

Tax benefit related to
 stock option expense

 
 
2
769
 
 
 
 
 


During the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 we received
 $1.3 million of cash from stock option exercises. At
 December&#xA0;31
 2013
 there was $10.2 million of total
 unrecognized stock option expense
 all of which is related to
 non-vested awards. This compensation expense is expected to be
 recognized over the weighted-average remaining vesting period of
 1.47 years.

 
RSUs are issued to certain senior employees under the 2012
 SIP as part of the long-term incentive program. An RSU represents
 the right to receive one share of common stock in the future. RSUs
 have no exercise price. RSUs granted to employees vest ratably over
 three years.
The following table summarizes RSU activity during the year
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



RSUs outstanding
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
674
681
 

 

 

 
 
354
305
 



Shares issued upon
 vesting of RSUs

 
 
(186
992
 

 

RSUs cancelled or
 forfeited

 
 
(59
166
 



RSUs converted from Dean
 Foods at Distribution

 
 
464
768
 


 
 

 


 

 

 

RSUs outstanding at
 December 31
 2013

 
 
1
247
596
 


 
 

 


 

 



Weighted average grant
 date fair value per share

 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 employees have the
 option of forfeiting RSUs to cover their minimum statutory tax
 withholding when shares are issued. RSUs that are cancelled or
 forfeited may be available for future grants.




 
 

On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our
 non-employee directors and employees were converted into
 equity-based awards with respect to our Class&#xA0;A common
 stock.




 &#xA0;
The following table summarizes information about our RSU
 grants and related tax benefit during the year ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(in&#xA0;thousands
&#xA0;except&#xA0;per&#xA0;share&#xA0;amounts)
 



Weighted-average grant
 date fair value per RSU granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Tax benefit related to
 RSU expense

 
 
1
408
 
 
 
 
 


Compensation expense for RSUs is recognized ratably over
 the vesting period. RSU expense totaled $7.3&#xA0;million and $0.6
 million for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012. At
 December&#xA0;31
 2013
 there was $11.0 million of total
 unrecognized RSU expense
 all of which is related to unvested
 awards. This compensation expense is expected to be recognized over
 the weighted-average remaining vesting period of
 1.7&#xA0;years.

 
We grant phantom shares under the 2012 SIP as part of our
 long-term incentive compensation program
 which are similar to RSUs
 in that they are based on the price of WhiteWave stock and vest
 ratably over a three-year period
 but are cash-settled based upon
 the value of WhiteWave stock at each vesting period. The fair value
 of the awards is re-measured at each reporting period. Compensation
 expense is recognized ratably over the vesting period
 which is
 recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated
 statement of operations. The expense totaled $3.0 and $0.2 million
 for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
 A corresponding liability has been recorded in current and
 long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet totaling
 $4.8 million and $2.7 million as of December 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The 2013 cash settlement of WhiteWave phantom shares
 was $4.1 million. The following table summarizes the phantom share
 activity during the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 grant&#xA0;date&#xA0;fair&#xA0; value
per
 share
 



Outstanding at
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
225
771
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
214
391
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(80
761
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(45
128
 
 
 
 
 



Converted from Dean Foods
 at Distribution

 
 
256
806
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 

 

Outstanding at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
571
079
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods phantom awards held by our employees
 were converted into phantom awards with respect to our Class&#xA0;A
 common stock.




WhiteWave Stock Appreciation Rights
 (&#x201C;SARs&#x201D;)
We grant SARs under the 2012 SIP as part of our long-term
 incentive compensation program
 which are similar to stock options
 in that they are based on the price of WhiteWave stock and vest
 ratably over a three-year period
 but are cash-settled based upon
 the value of WhiteWave stock at the exercise date.

 
The fair value of each SAR is estimated on the date of
 grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the following
 assumptions:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31


 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected
 volatility

 
 
 
 

 

Expected dividend
 yield

 
 
 
 



Expected option
 term

 
 
 
 

 

Risk-free rate of
 return

 
 
 
 


Since the Company&#x2019;s common stock did not have a long
 history of being publicly traded at grant date
 the expected
 volatility assumption was calculated based on a compensation peer
 group analysis of stock price volatility with a six-year look back
 period ending on the grant date. The risk-free rates were based on
 the average implied yield available on five-year and seven-year
 U.S. Treasury issues. The Company does not anticipate paying a cash
 dividend on its common stock.
The fair value of the awards is re-measured at each
 reporting period. Compensation expense is recognized over the
 vesting period
 which is recorded in general and administrative
 expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. The expense
 totaled $0.9 million and $0.1 million for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. A corresponding
 liability has been recorded in current liabilities in our
 consolidated balance sheet totaling $0.9 million and $0.1 million
 as of December 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The following table
 summarizes SAR activity during the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 SARs
 
 
 

 exercise&#xA0;price
 
 
 

 contractual&#xA0;life
 
 
 
 intrinsic&#xA0;value
 



SARs outstanding at
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
211
111
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
82
582
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Forfeited and
 cancelled

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



SARs outstanding at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
293
693
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
896
487
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

SARs vested and expected
 to vest at December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
287
247
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
853
126
 



SARs exercisable at
 December&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

SARs exercisable at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
70
375
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
418
028
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 SARs that are cancelled
 or forfeited may be available for future grants.




Dean
 Foods Stock Options
Under the terms of the Dean Foods stock option plan
 the
 Company&#x2019;s employees were granted options to purchase Dean
 Foods&#x2019; common stock at a price equal to the market price on
 the date the option was granted. In general
 Dean Foods&#x2019;
 employee options vest one-third on the first anniversary of the
 grant date
 one-third on the second anniversary of the grant date
 and one-third on the third anniversary of the grant date. All
 unvested options vest immediately upon a change of control and in
 the following additional circumstances: (i)&#xA0;an employee with
 10&#xA0;years of service retires after reaching the age of 55
 (ii)&#xA0;an employee retires after reaching the age of 65
 and
 (iii)&#xA0;in certain cases upon death or qualified
 disability.

 
Share-based compensation expense for stock options is
 recognized ratably over the vesting period. The expense totaled
 $1.0 million
 $1.2 million
 and $1.7 million for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively. The fair
 value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using
 the Black-Scholes valuation model with the following
 assumptions:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected
 volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected dividend
 yield

 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected option
 term

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Risk-free rate of
 return

 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Dean Foods did not grant any Dean Foods stock options to
 WhiteWave non-employee directors
 executive officers
 and employees
 during 2013.



The expected term of the options represents the estimated
 period of time until exercise and is based on historical experience
 of similar awards
 giving consideration to contractual terms
 (generally 10 years)
 vesting schedules
 and expectations of future
 employee behavior. Expected stock price volatility is based on a
 consolidation of historical volatility of Dean Foods stock and
 expectations with regard to future volatility. The risk-free rates
 are based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury
 zero-coupon issues with an equivalent remaining term. Prior to
 December&#xA0;31
 2012
 Dean Foods had not historically declared or
 paid a regular cash dividend on its common stock.
The following table summarizes stock option activity during
 the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 options
 
 
 

 exercise&#xA0;price
 
 
 

 contractual&#xA0;life
 
 
 

 value
 



Options outstanding at
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
6
845
250
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Forfeited and
 cancelled

 
 
(227
424
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(111
031
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
1
135
399
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Converted to WhiteWave
 stock options at Distribution

 
 
(7
642
194
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Options outstanding at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Options vested and
 expected to vest at December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Options exercisable at
 December&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
4
637
867
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3
133
148
 

 

Options exercisable at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Transferred options are attributable to employees that
 transferred to or from Dean Foods&#x2019; divisions.




 
 

On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our
 non-employee directors and employees were converted into
 equity-based awards with respect to our Class&#xA0;A common
 stock.




 &#xA0;
The following table summarizes additional information
 regarding stock option activity for our direct participants in the
 Dean Foods plan:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(in thousands
 except

 amounts)
 



Weighted-average grant
 date fair value per share of options granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Intrinsic value of
 options exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Fair value of shares
 vested

 
 
3
920
 
 
 
3
651
 
 
 
3
433
 

 

Tax benefit related to
 stock option expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Dean Foods did not grant any Dean Foods stock options to
 WhiteWave non-employee directors
 executive officers
 and employees
 during 2013.



During the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 Dean Foods
 received $1.5 million of cash from stock option exercises by our
 direct participants in the Dean Foods incentive compensation
 plans.

Dean
 Foods RSUs
RSUs are issued to certain senior employees as part of the
 long-term incentive program. An RSU represents the right to receive
 one share of common stock in the future. RSUs have no exercise
 price. RSUs granted to employees generally vest ratably over three
 years. All unvested RSUs vest immediately upon a change in control
 and in the following additional circumstances: (i)&#xA0;an employee
 with 10 years of service retires after reaching the age of 55
 (ii)&#xA0;an employee retires after reaching the age of 65
 and
 (iii)&#xA0;in certain cases upon death or qualified
 disability.
The following table summarizes RSU activity during the year
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



RSUs outstanding
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
786
710
 

 

 

 
 
20
235
 



RSUs cancelled or
 forfeited

 
 
(60
747
 

 

Shares issued upon
 vesting of RSUs

 
 
(352
352
 



RSUs
 transferred

 
 
33
636
 

 

RSUs converted to
 WhiteWave RSUs at Distribution

 
 
(427
482
 


 
 

 


 

 



RSUs outstanding at
 December 31
 2013

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Transferred RSUs are attributable to employees that
 transferred to or from Dean Foods&#x2019; divisions.




 
 

On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our
 non-employee directors and employees were converted into
 equity-based awards with respect to our Class&#xA0;A common
 stock.



The following table summarizes information about our RSU
 grants and related tax benefit during the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(in thousands
 except

 amounts)
 



Weighted-average grant
 date fair value per RSU granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Tax benefit related to
 RSU expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
163
 
 
 
1
378
 


RSU expense totaled $1.7 million
 $3.1 million
 and $3.5
 million for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively.

 

Dean
 Foods Phantom Shares
In 2011
 Dean Foods began granting phantom shares as part
 of its long-term incentive compensation program
 which are similar
 to RSUs in that they are based on the price of Dean Foods stock and
 vest ratably over a three-year period
 but are cash-settled based
 upon the value of Dean Foods stock at each vesting period. All
 unvested phantom shares vest immediately upon a change of control
 and in the following additional circumstances: (i)&#xA0;an employee
 with 10 years of service retires after reaching the age of 55
 (ii)&#xA0;an employee retires after reaching the age of 65
 and
 (iii)&#xA0;in certain cases upon death or qualified disability. The
 fair value of the awards is re-measured at each reporting period.
 Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period
 which
 is recorded in general and administrative expenses in the
 consolidated statements of operations. The expense totaled $3.6
 million and $2.4 million for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. In the period subsequent to completion of
 our initial public offering
 a corresponding liability has been
 recorded in other current liabilities in our consolidated balance
 sheet. In periods prior to completion of our initial public
 offering
 a liability related to these units has not been reflected
 in the consolidated balance sheets as the payout was to be funded
 by Dean Foods. The following table summarizes the phantom share
 activity during the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 per share
 



Outstanding at
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
397
618
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(156
247
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(7
442
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
2
360
 
 
 
 
 

 

Converted to WhiteWave
 phantom shares at Distribution

 
 
(236
289
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Transferred phantom shares are attributable to employees
 that transferred to or from Dean Foods&#x2019; divisions.




 
 

On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the
 Distribution
 all Dean Foods phantom awards held by our employees
 were converted into phantom awards with respect to our Class&#xA0;A
 common stock.




Dean
 Foods Cash Performance Units
In 2010
 Dean Foods began granting cash performance units
 (&#x201C;CPUs&#x201D;) to employees as part of its long-term
 incentive compensation program under the terms of the 2007 Plan.
 The CPU awards are cash-settled awards and are designed to link
 compensation of certain executive officers and other key employees
 to Dean Foods&#x2019; performance over a three-year period. The
 performance metric
 as defined in the awards
 is the performance of
 the Dean Foods stock price relative to that of a peer group of
 companies. The range of payout under the awards is between 0% and
 200% and is payable in cash at the end of each respective
 performance period. The fair value of the awards is measured at
 each reporting period. Compensation expense related to the
 Company&#x2019;s direct employees is recognized over the vesting
 period which is recorded in general and administrative expenses in
 the consolidated statements of operations. The expense totaled $nil
 million
 $1.3 million and $0.2 million for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 respectively. In the fourth
 quarter of 2012
 the Company recorded a $0.6 million credit to
 expense due to a reduction of the payout assumption related to the
 2010 awards. In the period subsequent to completion of our initial
 public offering
 a corresponding liability has been recorded in
 other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. In
 periods prior to completion of our initial public offering
 a
 liability related to these units has not been reflected in the
 consolidated balance sheets as the payout was to be funded by Dean
 Foods.

 
In connection with our initial public offering
 Dean Foods
 valued the 2011 and 2012 CPU awards for our executives based on
 performance as of December&#xA0;31
 2012
 instead of at the end of
 the originally scheduled 36-month performance periods. The cash
 value of these awards was paid out on a prorated basis during the
 year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013.
The following table summarizes CPU activity with respect to
 the 2011 and 2012 CPU during the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013.
 There were no cash awards prior to 2010 related to our
 employees.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at January 1
 2013

 
 
6
105
000
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(6
105
000
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 

 

Outstanding at December
 31
 2013

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 



 
The following table summarizes the share-based compensation
 expense recognized for the Company&#x2019;s direct participants in
 the Dean Foods long-term incentive compensation plan in periods
 prior to completion of our initial public offering:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Share-based compensation
 expense funded by Dean Foods

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Dean Foods stock
 options

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
006
 
 
 
1
708
 



Dean Foods
 RSUs

 
 
 
 
 
 
2
433
 
 
 
3
510
 

 

Dean Foods
 CPUs

 
 
 
 
 
 
2
025
 
 
 
 
 



Dean Foods phantom
 shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
2
009
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total share-based
 compensation expense funded by Dean Foods

 
 
 
 
 
 
7
473
 
 
 
6
246
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


The following table summarizes the share-based compensation
 expense recognized for the Company&#x2019;s direct participants in
 the Dean Foods equity classified plans
 as well as expense related
 to the Company&#x2019;s equity classified plans
 in periods after
 the completion of our initial public offering:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Share-based compensation
 expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Dean Foods stock
 options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Dean Foods
 RSUs

 
 
1
739
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Dean Foods phantom
 shares

 
 
3
563
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Dean Foods
 CPUs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

WhiteWave stock
 options

 
 
7
413
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
7
321
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

WhiteWave phantom
 shares

 
 
3
044
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total share-based
 compensation expense

 
 
24
897
 
 
 
2
056
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Share-based compensation expense shown above for the Dean
 Foods equity plans reflect expenses for those legacy plans that
 have converted to equivalent WhiteWave equity plans upon the
 spin-off transaction.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically comprised of the amount of unearned compensation (deferred compensation cost)
 compensation expense
 and changes in the quantity and fair value of the shares (or other type of equity) granted
 exercised
 forfeited
 and issued and outstanding pertaining to that plan.  Disclosure may also include nature and general terms of such arrangements that existed during the period and potential effects of those arrangements on shareholders
 effect of compensation cost arising from equity-based payment arrangements on the income statement
 method of estimating the fair value of the goods or services received
 or the fair value of the equity instruments granted
 during the period
 cash flow effects resulting from equity-based payment arrangements and
 for registrants that accelerate vesting of out of the money share options
 reasons for the decision to accelerate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        

      














 2013

          



 2012

          



Fair Value
 Option
 Qualitative Disclosures Related to Election [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        

731

819

710

819

710


        
        
        
        
        
        


Purchases
 sales and settlements (net)
        
        
        

555

624


        

731

819

710

731

819




        
          

        
          
            

 separately identifying the amount related to assets still held at the reporting date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales and settlement of plan obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 
18.
 Related Party Transactions


 
As of July&#xA0;25
 2013
 Dean Foods disposed of its
 remaining shares of the Company&#x2019;s common stock in a
 registered public offering. As a result of and immediately
 following this offering
 Dean Foods has no ownership interest in us
 and therefore is no longer a related party. Prior to completion of
 our initial public offering
 Dean Foods provided certain corporate
 services to us
 and costs associated with these functions were
 allocated to us. These allocations include costs related to
 corporate services
 such as executive management
 supply chain
 information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
 investor
 relations
 human resources
 risk management
 tax
 treasury
 and
 other services
 as well as stock-based compensation expense
 attributable to our employees and an allocation of stock-based
 compensation attributable to employees of Dean Foods. The costs of
 such services were allocated to us based on the most relevant
 allocation method to the service provided
 primarily based on
 relative percentage of total net sales
 relative percentage of
 headcount
 or specific identification. The total amount of these
 allocations from Dean Foods was approximately $50.7 million from
 January&#xA0;1
 2012 to the date of our initial public offering
 (which includes approximately $17.5 million of transaction costs
 related to our initial public offering) and $32.7 million in the
 year ended December&#xA0;31
 2011. These cost allocations are
 primarily reflected within general and administrative expenses in
 our consolidated statements of operations as well as classified as
 &#x201C;Corporate and other&#x201D; in Note 17 &#x201C;Segment
 Geographic
 and Customer Information.&#x201D; Management believes
 the basis on which the expenses have been allocated to be a
 reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to or
 the benefit received by us during the periods presented. Dean Foods
 continues to provide some of these services on a transitional basis
 for a fee.
Upon completion of our initial public offering
 we assumed
 responsibility for the costs of these functions. The allocations
 may not reflect the expense we would have incurred as a stand-alone
 public company. Actual costs that may have been incurred if we had
 been a stand-alone public company would depend on a number of
 factors
 including the chosen organizational structure
 what
 functions were outsourced or performed by employees
 and strategic
 decisions made in certain areas.
We were allocated a portion of Dean Foods&#x2019;
 consolidated debt based on amounts directly incurred by us to fund
 the acquisition of Alpro in July 2009. Prior to completion of our
 initial public offering
 interest expense had been allocated based
 on the historical interest rates of the Dean Foods senior secured
 credit facility during each period presented
 as this revolver was
 drawn to fund the Alpro acquisition. Debt issuance costs were
 allocated in the same proportion as the debt. In connection with
 our initial public offering
 the allocated portion of the Dean
 Foods senior secured credit facility was settled as a contribution
 to our capital from Dean Foods. Management believes the basis of
 historical allocation basis for debt
 interest expense
 and debt
 issuance costs was reasonable. However
 these amounts may not be
 indicative of the actual amounts that we would have incurred had we
 been a stand-alone public company for the periods presented. See
 Note 11 &#x201C;Debt and Allocated Portion of Dean Foods&#x2019;
 Debt.&#x201D;

Cash
 Management
We use a centralized approach to cash management and
 financing of operations. Prior to completion of our initial public
 offering
 Dean Foods provided financing
 cash management
 and other
 treasury services to us. Our North America cash balances were
 regularly swept by Dean Foods
 and we received funding from Dean
 Foods for our operating and investing cash needs. Cash transferred
 to and from Dean Foods was historically recorded as intercompany
 payables and receivables that were reflected as a component of Dean
 Foods&#x2019; net investment in our consolidated balance sheets.
 Since completion of our initial public offering
 we have maintained
 separate cash management and financing functions for our
 operations.

Related
 Party Arrangements
Historically
 related party transactions and activities
 involving Dean Foods and its wholly-owned subsidiaries were not
 always consummated on terms equivalent to those that would prevail
 in an arm&#x2019;s-length transaction where conditions of
 competitive
 free-market dealing may exist. Prior to the
 Distribution
 sales of our raw materials and finished products that
 we manufacture for other wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods
 have been reflected as related party sales in our consolidated
 financial statements.
Prior to completion of our initial public offering
 certain
 related party transactions were settled by either non-cash capital
 contributions from Dean Foods to us or non-cash capital
 distributions from us to Dean Foods and included as part of Dean
 Foods&#x2019; net investment. Both prior to and after the completion
 of our initial public offering
 other related party transactions
 that are settled in cash are reflected as related party receivables
 in our consolidated balance sheets.
During the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and
 2011
 we utilized manufacturing facilities and resources managed by
 affiliates of Dean Foods to conduct our business. The expenses
 associated with these transactions
 which primarily relate to
 co-packing certain of our products
 are included in cost of sales
 in our consolidated statements of operations.

 
In connection with and effective as of our initial public
 offering
 we entered into agreements that formalize ongoing
 commercial arrangements we have with Dean Foods and Morningstar
 which are described below. Certain terms of these agreements were
 modified in connection with Dean Foods&#x2019; sale of Morningstar.
 These agreements are described in Note 4
 &#x201C;Transactions with
 Morningstar.&#x201D;

 
Sales and Distribution Agreement&#xA0;&#x2014; We entered into an
 agreement with two wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dean Foods
 Suiza
 Dairy Group
 LLC (&#x201C;Suiza Dairy&#x201D;) and Dean Dairy
 Holdings
 LLC (&#x201C;Dean Dairy&#x201D;)
 pursuant to which those
 subsidiaries continue to sell and distribute certain WhiteWave
 products for a fixed initial term of up to 18 months
 depending on
 the product and customer. This agreement modifies our historical
 intercompany arrangements and reflects new pricing.
Co-Packing Agreement&#xA0;&#x2014; Additionally
 we
 entered into a separate manufacturing agreement with Suiza Dairy
 and Dean Dairy pursuant to which those subsidiaries continue
 manufacturing WhiteWave fresh organic milk products on our behalf
 for a term of 18 months. The agreement formalizes our historical
 intercompany arrangements.
Cream Supply Agreement&#xA0;&#x2014; We also entered into a
 supply agreement with Suiza Dairy and Dean Dairy pursuant to which
 we continue to purchase cream from such subsidiaries for an initial
 term ending December&#xA0;31
 2013
 with an option for us to renew
 for up to four one-year terms. This agreement formalizes our
 historical intercompany arrangements and does not impact
 comparability in our consolidated statement of operations for the
 years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012.
License Agreement&#xA0;&#x2014; We entered into an
 agreement with Dean Foods pursuant to which we have an exclusive
 license to manufacture and sell shelf stable aseptic flavored and
 white milk under Dean Foods&#x2019; TruMoo brand in certain retail
 channels and to designated foodservice accounts throughout North
 America in exchange for payment of a royalty. The initial term of
 the agreement is December 2012 through December&#xA0;31
 2017
 with
 automatic one-year renewals thereafter so long as we achieve
 specified volume thresholds and minimum royalties.
Transition Services Agreement&#xA0;&#x2014; We and Dean Foods also
 entered into a transition services agreement to cover certain
 continued corporate services provided by us and Dean Foods to each
 other following completion of our initial public offering. Our
 services consist primarily of marketing and research and
 development
 while Dean Foods&#x2019; provides supply chain
 information technology
 legal
 finance and accounting
 human
 resources
 risk management
 tax
 treasury
 and other transitional
 services. Both Dean Foods&#x2019; and our services continue for a
 specified initial term
 which vary with the types of services
 provided
 unless terminated earlier or extended according to the
 terms of the transition services agreement. We pay Dean Foods
 mutually agreed-upon fees for their services and Dean Foods pays us
 mutually agreed-upon fees for our services. In 2012
 Dean Foods
 charged us $5.4 million and we charged Dean Foods $2.6 million for
 services rendered under the transition services agreement. In 2013
 Dean Foods charged us $19.0 million and we charged Dean Foods $3.0
 million for services rendered under the transition services
 agreement since its effective date. The transition services
 agreement is expected to end in 2014.

Termination of Intellectual Property License
 Agreement
Historically
 the Company was party to a license agreement
 with Morningstar
 pursuant to which Morningstar had the right to
 use the Company&#x2019;s intellectual property in the manufacture of
 certain products for a fee. For the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 related party license income was recorded
 within operating income in our consolidated statements of
 operations in the amount of $nil million
 $36.0 million
 and $42.7
 million
 respectively.

 
In conjunction with the license agreement
 a loan agreement
 was entered into
 pursuant to which the Company extended a line of
 credit to Morningstar related to the license income under the
 license agreement. Prior to completion of our initial public
 offering
 there were no repayments of this loan and no future plans
 to settle the outstanding balance; therefore
 the principal and
 associated accrued interest was shown in Dean Foods&#x2019; net
 investment as of December&#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011. The interest term
 on the loan to Morningstar was LIBOR plus 2% and recorded in
 interest income in our consolidated statements of operations.
 Interest income for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011 was $nil million
 $6.4 million
 and $6.1 million
 respectively.
In connection with our initial public offering
 we and
 Morningstar agreed to terminate this license agreement and the
 related loan. We no longer receive license income or related
 interest income associated with these historical agreements. In
 addition
 we entered into an agreement and transferred the
 intellectual property subject to the license agreement to
 Morningstar so that Morningstar has the requisite intellectual
 property and manufacturing know-how to produce and sell its
 products and brands. All intellectual property related to and
 necessary for the production of our products and brands was
 retained.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share-Based Compensation - Weighted Average Assumptions Used to Estimate Fair Value of WhiteWave Stock Appreciation Rights Grants Issued (Detail) (WhiteWave Foods [Member]
 Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) [Member])

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Estimated Useful Lives of Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Detail)

        

      







          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 estimated useful life
        




        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Balance
 Beginning

688)
        
        


        

727
        
        


        

479)
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax

248

647

667)


Balance
 Ending

440)

688)
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Balance
 Beginning
        
        
        


        

888
        
        


        

389)
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        


Balance
 Ending
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Balance
 Beginning

818)
        
        


        

115
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax

025
        
        


Balance
 Ending
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Balance
 Beginning

576)
        
        


        

724
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax

724
        
        


Balance
 Ending

852)
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(in thousands


 amounts)
 



Weighted-average grant date
 fair value per share of options granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Intrinsic value of options
 exercised

 
 
2
616
 
 
 
 
 



Fair value of shares
 vested

 
 
4
006
 
 
 
 
 

 

Tax benefit related to
 stock option expense

 
 
2
769
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        
The following table summarizes the share-based compensation
 expense recognized for the Company&#x2019;s direct participants in
 the Dean Foods equity classified plans
 as well as expense related
 to the Company&#x2019;s equity classified plans
 in periods after
 the completion of our initial public offering:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Share-based compensation
 expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Dean Foods stock
 options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
1
739
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Dean Foods phantom
 shares

 
 
3
563
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

WhiteWave stock
 options

 
 
7
413
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
7
321
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

WhiteWave phantom
 shares

 
 
3
044
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total share-based
 compensation expense

 
 
24
897
 
 
 
2
056
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 



          

        


        
        
The fair value of each option award is estimated on the
 date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the
 following assumptions:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected
 volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected dividend
 yield

 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected option
 term

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Risk-free rate of
 return

 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Dean Foods did not grant any Dean Foods stock options to
 WhiteWave non-employee directors
 executive officers
 and employees
 during 2013.



 


        
        
The following table summarizes stock option activity during
 the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 options
 
 
 

 exercise&#xA0;price
 
 
 

 contractual&#xA0;life
 
 
 

 value
 

 


Options outstanding at
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
6
845
250
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Forfeited and
 cancelled

 
 
(227
424
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(111
031
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
1
135
399
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Converted to WhiteWave
 stock options at Distribution

 
 
(7
642
194
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Options outstanding at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Options vested and expected
 to vest at December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Options exercisable at
 December&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
4
637
867
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3
133
148
 

 

Options exercisable at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 &#xA0;

 
 

Transferred options are attributable to employees that
 transferred to or from Dean Foods&#x2019; divisions.




 
 

On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our non-employee
 directors and employees were converted into equity-based awards
 with respect to our Class&#xA0;A common stock.



 


        
        
The following table summarizes information about our RSU
 grants and related tax benefit during the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(in thousands
 except

 amounts)
 



Weighted-average grant date
 fair value per RSU granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Tax benefit related to RSU
 expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
163
 
 
 
1
378
 


 


        
        
The following table summarizes RSU activity during the year
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



RSUs outstanding
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
786
710
 

 

 

 
 
20
235
 



RSUs cancelled or
 forfeited

 
 
(60
747
 

 

Shares issued upon vesting
 of RSUs

 
 
(352
352
 



RSUs
 transferred

 
 
33
636
 

 

RSUs converted to WhiteWave
 RSUs at Distribution

 
 
(427
482
 


 
 

 


 

 



RSUs outstanding at
 December 31
 2013

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Transferred RSUs are attributable to employees that transferred
 to or from Dean Foods&#x2019; divisions.




 
 

On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our non-employee
 directors and employees were converted into equity-based awards
 with respect to our Class&#xA0;A common stock.



 


        
        
The following table summarizes the phantom share activity
 during the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 per share
 



Outstanding at
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
397
618
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(156
247
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(7
442
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
2
360
 
 
 
 
 

 

Converted to WhiteWave
 phantom shares at Distribution

 
 
(236
289
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Transferred phantom shares are attributable to employees that
 transferred to or from Dean Foods&#x2019; divisions.




 
 

On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods phantom awards held by our employees were converted
 into phantom awards with respect to our Class&#xA0;A common
 stock.



 


        
        
The following table summarizes additional information
 regarding stock option activity for our direct participants in the
 Dean Foods plan:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(in thousands
 except

 amounts)
 



Weighted-average grant date
 fair value per share of options granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Intrinsic value of options
 exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Fair value of shares
 vested

 
 
3
920
 
 
 
3
651
 
 
 
3
433
 

 

Tax benefit related to
 stock option expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Dean Foods did not grant any Dean Foods stock options to
 WhiteWave non-employee directors
 executive officers
 and employees
 during 2013.



 


        
        
The following table summarizes CPU activity with respect to
 the 2011 and 2012 CPU during the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013.
 There were no cash awards prior to 2010 related to our
 employees.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at January 1
 2013

 
 
6
105
000
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(6
105
000
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 

 

Outstanding at December 31
 2013

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
The following table summarizes the share-based compensation
 expense recognized for the Company&#x2019;s direct participants in
 the Dean Foods long-term incentive compensation plan in periods
 prior to completion of our initial public offering:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Share-based compensation
 expense funded by Dean Foods

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Dean Foods stock
 options

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
006
 
 
 
1
708
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
2
433
 
 
 
3
510
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
2
025
 
 
 
 
 



Dean Foods phantom
 shares

 
 
 
 
 
 
2
009
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total share-based
 compensation expense funded by Dean Foods

 
 
 
 
 
 
7
473
 
 
 
6
246
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 



          

        


        
        
The fair value of each option award is estimated on the
 date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the
 following assumptions

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31


 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected
 volatility

 
 
 
 

 

Expected dividend
 yield

 
 
 
 



Expected option
 term

 
 
 
 

 

Risk-free rate of
 return

 
 
 
 


 


        
        
The following table summarizes stock option activity during
 the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 options
 
 
 

 exercise&#xA0;price
 
 
 

 contractual&#xA0;life
 
 
 
 intrinsic
 
 



Options outstanding at
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
2
445
327
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
1
254
273
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Forfeited
 cancelled and
 expired

 
 
(112
550
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(775
322
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Converted from Dean Foods
 at Distribution

 
 
8
308
857
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Options outstanding at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
11
120
585
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
69
675
057
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Options vested and expected
 to vest at December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
11
025
166
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
68
957
640
 

 

Options exercisable at
 December&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Options exercisable at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
6
979
943
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
34
626
681
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 options that are cancelled
 expired or forfeited may be available for future grants.




 
 

On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our non-employee
 directors and employees were converted into equity-based awards
 with respect to our Class&#xA0;A common stock.



 


        
        
The following table summarizes information about options
 outstanding at December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Options
 outstanding
 
 
Options
 exercisable
 

 

 

exercise
 prices

 
 
 outstanding
 
 
 


 contractual&#xA0;life
 
 
 
 exercise price
 
 
 
 exercisable
 
 
 

 exercise&#xA0;price
 



 

 
 
1
180
557
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
832
364
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
1
451
962
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
501
150
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
440
593
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
429
765
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
1
230
095
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
53
676
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
677
181
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
633
896
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
2
416
666
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
805
561
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
1
861
042
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
861
042
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
1
761
502
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
761
502
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
84
679
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
84
679
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
16
308
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16
308
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        
The following table summarizes information about our RSU
 grants and related tax benefit during the year ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year&#xA0;ended&#xA0;December&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
(in&#xA0;thousands
&#xA0;except&#xA0;per&#xA0;share&#xA0;amounts)
 



Weighted-average grant date
 fair value per RSU granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Tax benefit related to RSU
 expense

 
 
1
408
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        
The following table summarizes RSU activity during the year
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



RSUs outstanding
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
674
681
 

 

 

 
 
354
305
 



Shares issued upon vesting
 of RSUs

 
 
(186
992
 

 

RSUs cancelled or
 forfeited

 
 
(59
166
 



RSUs converted from Dean
 Foods at Distribution

 
 
464
768
 


 
 

 


 

 

 

RSUs outstanding at
 December 31
 2013

 
 
1
247
596
 


 
 

 


 

 



Weighted average grant date
 fair value per share

 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 employees have the option of
 forfeiting RSUs to cover their minimum statutory tax withholding
 when shares are issued. RSUs that are cancelled or forfeited may be
 available for future grants.




 
 

On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods equity-based awards held by our non-employee
 directors and employees were converted into equity-based awards
 with respect to our Class&#xA0;A common stock.



 


        
        
The following table summarizes the phantom share activity
 during the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 grant&#xA0;date&#xA0;fair&#xA0; value
per
 share
 



Outstanding at
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
225
771
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
214
391
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(80
761
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(45
128
 
 
 
 
 



Converted from Dean Foods
 at Distribution

 
 
256
806
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 

 

Outstanding at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
571
079
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

On May&#xA0;23
 2013 and in connection with the Distribution
 all Dean Foods phantom awards held by our employees were converted
 into phantom awards with respect to our Class&#xA0;A common
 stock.



 


        
        
The fair value of each SAR is estimated on the date of
 grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the following
 assumptions:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 December&#xA0;31


 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected
 volatility

 
 
 
 

 

Expected dividend
 yield

 
 
 
 



Expected option
 term

 
 
 
 

 

Risk-free rate of
 return

 
 
 
 


 


        
        
The following table summarizes SAR activity during the year
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 SARs
 
 
 

 exercise&#xA0;price
 
 
 

 contractual&#xA0;life
 
 
 
 intrinsic&#xA0;value
 



SARs outstanding at
 January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
211
111
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
82
582
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Forfeited and
 cancelled

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



SARs outstanding at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
293
693
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
896
487
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

SARs vested and expected to
 vest at December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
287
247
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
853
126
 



SARs exercisable at
 December&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

SARs exercisable at
 December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
70
375
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
418
028
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

Pursuant to the terms of the SIP
 SARs that are cancelled or
 forfeited may be available for future grants.



 




        
          

        
          
            

 including the amounts attributable to each share-based compensation plan and any related tax benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the number of stock appreciation rights awards that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2013



          











        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Unrecognized prior service costs
 before tax

000

000
        


Unrecognized prior service costs
 net of tax

000

000
        


Unrecognized actuarial losses
 before tax

000
000

400
000
        


Unrecognized actuarial losses
 net of tax

000

600
000
        


        

500
        
        


Prior service costs expected to be recognized next fiscal year
 net of tax

500
        
        


        

700
        
        


Actuarial losses expected to be recognized next fiscal year
 net of tax

800
        
        


        

278
000)

063
000)
        


        

700
000
        
        


        

300
000

100
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Multiemployer pension plan
 number of employees covered
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        


Amounts payable
 including accrued deemed interest

600
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Plan participants' contributions
 allowed percentage of participants' annual compensation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Plan participants' contributions
 allowed percentage of participants' annual compensation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
 the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Number of Employees Covered
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

041

973

845


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        


Change in minimum pension liability
 net of tax of ($480)
 $506 and $87

025
        
        


        

724

199

786)


Change in fair value of derivative instruments
 net of tax of ($316)
 $286 and ($134)
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax

248

647

667)


        

289

620

178


        
        

279)

550


        

289

341

728




        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to noncontrolling interests. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001193125-14-077686-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`$.(7$1/V/R501(#`
F(+0`1`!P`=W=A=BTR
#$S
3(S
2YX
'


!@/;[]O7SA]=V[=Y4MK.YX$;




AX2
^^





'Y9+
M8:_
S]R
G
$=-D^[DP&P_-:/R09H;MRPS-\5=W

MVTZU;L[=4S^=%.G#8]])=_59DG?SK&^;K=!JQ'UN;S^=.)E%8\D\?2EZ6RS@


V&M^:L
M%MKS$,3H:S'D_V:.1N2]'<D14JL7@BEA'%^8QAFU+P8:@3=CJ*0AX&)A8]\


M4HGEDW[S:/.;/1+!'!$$B%GCH1UP&;A+[!U,2PKYP]6S(84,PH6[8
=A$%


&I=.
M20G
7PPCPJ@&LL(6V(IB$H/VP4A&!OP;2F-D0@*B$P4RD+'B0LH;[BP85V)A


MR7ZD\'#.0-N$.%7%CML7:)L2]B8C'SOCT`YAU4Z\6K)=^`%3#&TQYG(*DOY9
MC&%;K+DLPBYB=E1IA+9(J]QSPP_KGA_:66B+++*?=7D(]Z`MJ3S,94\8/R



BHJ%







MG]6XZS%


QH26=@O@-@+D_@`J#[

'ND52

1?$.J`-?MQ!&P?Y+-Y@;V@GLN






MR!4H9
L]I
MO]_F`@DCG84(RE`O_`(!\A3.D:^X$0%C'N2L8DE4(;S0K!^)67)83:GDJ

_









8YP
MA`*E#.*
Q4@;F-U0!W'`%951Q8J7VD\[VY-O?4ANC!V@=:TZ/6QABP;]Z%

M'7C=




4-5PM]34L0S**
4W@Q



M&(I
@WV/4Z$/_*CW&G.\[W)^P2]V)V25M-0

;3A

-X/S?N7&\=I&UYBZ\I=EEN='AC;.LX=1?OHR

M50!F'3$]=K@]



9:K


A:`JX:P-^`IU;KG^
R2Z3$P#7.
M4FM9C4

&LS4;K[
[]'HW98E[VDS(DB99DX$HPD#;4`DU8$XSG(BL!S7
M93KE



M]0*MF^7][\^/CP];`W'*2A[[;IB2]K22C\'43^K\_7JQ6O\.7[BXFV
X=#OG


MJV\C#R6K!M[[VVS]WW/
V-T3UO#=D^K3K;U^-
M'&%?3?(56[,Z#]*L$VT<*@FDDCB:JA:%<K1FY5!C;LPT1Q\B;936EY(RX2R

N!@\38VBGBB!76@@!XA-X%50B<

MJ48_H0J+_P6^^BDMNU8#'UX;D911SKQ68'-9IL'09((X;@S)00/PS&=)YM+#

M6RP2IB0Q3A(+C\%RXZU



H-?93*


M=B19BK

\=W*82X




Q0625L23+$YR5

9%L]Z<YNL7^M6M()UL[B.4[_<GMA5EMZ]CK


.'V_&ZG_*




8[/5;[)GQRK




MXZ[I4$5X&30XZR0)#C2T-@E)

V+;!&*&JXJI+D.Z-'ZG.L^
MVLF4&9%0\HA0[:'&D^H&0KDACA=-+%7S\X?HO!!@R=*V_3Q1.Y6V8I1V[.6I
MO?/M9O
\OY\X;.'B8&_!-!.GI^^K-:+?T\?M2UJ:AM1'P=1?Y^MGZW_OT)

')$XR
F%5!&@



@@S4

]H^8?/C49KAXK-/:U[@
M\)(-S5G&.%5VF-F
IT7;'T^5N4W[9M*1+A7S-AC*-3%44R(=4
I:P8BP*=RM


2$

MA_GC]A9MWGU^OUXL[Q:/LX?D
PCG_YK/UOGB6Z]'W^!O.64E]TP1@`H:QGA%

?=_/-IEQ)E_SYYWH._SZ_]
D1V8
;GWAKL0+8

.O]M






MV$L=
;9TW/+5\WJZGIOXY==B?&
KQ^T%6HV7BI#)Q]F/K6[#L





MX/:LP1


MEC&5/;2.N=QIENK(8GT/ZYK+K=?IG+9;II#.O
(DP^`NM54+_TIH%_

M0!HS-E!5--`;1FM+)6


M*..KUTT!4:3'D:6:B8Q(FP?B$IT3QK@
S_Q48Y=WG`.]?/.6S
MNV+*UP8T5]-EZ=PU[OH,DS2UW*#.%!6XS[)<0:L+2I%M8IJ9)$FEVEDZTE
M:R*@U$P!5)+;E`80;,J*WQ8%I?4UF:<!=U['-7;CK2463]%CU5WN_P-TP.M

V)3:7GEB4\X_Y3
M




^D4QY4V*Z:VSF*T%W#G:/






*'$(;0










?+RRE
)(S9IEHE:IMQ\_1M^7/:1K








M$U`ZE'.*GPW#C(CX2F/]3



IJ'7);\=EJF*97S(

96EO6C_(V^I\POG+LS@-#D

UYYJ\9R](`\O%:7B.3I\G.B3%U];



MEL5J/-;DR*L93

M;
(=P0Q)YZ2(:`:E4F0GW7*U@KVQ+*6%%49]HW:=C*O5CM%1R6R:)B\C48
M3&8%4^O9N*V$





MU^Z(02W@L#P6:7E\-8&IM6R\L2$[#@QEV$&PP*BI-SYW^O+7
N1ZI^^3:Z
M7WS.A^G]]W+P4_4H?;''8*9CP1*'/SJ9/YG#7@GLD&`L1W'U.](6OLN$-3GU



E

'&&1
T*`(X;.M

Q`F




K#3;]OZ)]N1O3UI

PS'1*Y



\:1U2GZJ'\S[ZGT9_1;#V$U`M[7KA^1I6(
MH[=J)-?I79N&.]KSOQXFT[^+8K&U=O_SK+^\J
?OTSGH\GZS^
BN0_3^6\%

^WE7TS!LI:+ML)#7:8YQ+1(
L%2%%)AB*5

M

VDK!;SQ(@=X@!1/T#E

(:'




!`\G\:2SQ/\RO?\SAH:^

XF+U





FNE3^V3+4BP7@X-4'J&
ME=L51A10,DTPVLW!AQR<*D\4HIG4B&MED5:<(R9AK!;6
O5JKI*B\0KR?O;
MHST@


M=;9TR66#]'.BTJ40TD
0
PCLLC

MF5IP%*@-(A`7&)?557+4%$)K@OD&`A4YFR2^=&^^5F++'=V8;99#[!-6`K.
MJOC_H8B5]$6DF$J!V?L\+1J.


!2%+1YSV*?NMZ

MQ-+CU[%$^@!2S9`)EIA



X-XMYC

M

MQ6W


7GD%.90]X'
5I^(NWV]O;IKZ<)R,1=:2B
ME9D5W\#0@/#\?'\[_0M$Z/'Q0S'_]8\OH^?6LAA:+PB)+Q=WX?6GG+/*+&


M5^

0%;BA6@

M698
#KH8\

!HMG54R_`T-<*3.M[
MJJ;([+NG&IS
8U=4_9YKQ9]*X?70:]%HDI$='.?\\##9G-8VF
-X@+XY!S


MX6;:=@Q2:?.!N;DY:+0Y-X_JL:;
+'.


VVD



\CGWU969BK?H?0)[-





6;TB85Q`693SD.CB'W5=23L(AN`J'
M&J\F\


8S*!/M%*<QZ!$EF4RP.`^9YHXJX6181KK1&[20

MC(]LZ/]RVXML!U9/%?/C?LG`3WYX+9JY^W

M0T:M#6C(94DD@S8*`(VB(PR*+412I5B7;;PR





$'(MM)E\K(W:X*^3@_
M-TVNI`[]JB8AFQV#0^`V<^5?UI5-Z_/'P^U1QOOXC1T!9\EMFL9)1,#E0DF

43F:S8DWIO*RZ
MQJ6_:$D-57+=U2U<PH/'PU3XFHU/]X($)L




MDI-NC4Y7EL&Z*OP;O1!ND.FZ

MW(.WE:_7V4.M'^IXE+7&)*ZE



M!Z[_DL]])U!]3@!6`A9C8P;D3L3;-VVRLGE:L=;Q&8)Y[-0Z4V-FE7MISRTY
MGEBX30!(D

F



MK`9@49)$/:)PC95Y1+B%&,DEP2ZUCKD

DM;^53-MMPPP`JL%(OE$0X


M:X`?ZAOG+D24`6.OP2IE5BIBXL@128TE02(X


-INY#F


I^7U:`/[2
C+?'TA?=
N$0C`ITI2&I)`L8!(

/EDP(*F



$/G
M3QRE(7<?NM.5!#X97ZNQ&3!:U7F-23^6/&;M.?7C;N@=8WIP!4.V7!6CC(L/
MJZZ.L[,1[,R),KG)\U*4_$8Y55\PU1?:A1I5FW1H#EP+-%<RTD0SA0*(:N(
M$Q-N8\U3HP1.-!+-5M2A?:BO1['X\_TDQQ428_0^%$[+5]*T-BIOWW@=U3_F

M@

[_-T#.XZ43]EWS-X'OAXRL(6W$=Q[8AK3]9C7M$[7C^1.R&T
MY\6NRFO_ME@\K*YMV/4$B05)CFG;T
]=MU\'6


Q%!@

%NQJ9(/KTJ.($RY)4EH3(!D0%-B%42'&'CC+219($T
MA92$$^1=_2'!I5T0.[@#%,NBD[)CE*<X&+2;.W;.)D[8GBQ6I^[.D\[('Z
M15AOU9[&'Q7(+FKYS`(




MBB;/^7HR^QD?_]V76?YUO&7*0K?;Q09`ZB\T[_$77C#XJ^X7J_4R6^?%3M6M


O=B/\U(2


M



UA)
I_`X'G[.)U_RV6B;-!DN

16,A+PI(@%-.!&**J5`


M.H=BN


?.JDKX<I3Q'4=<:
M_WDT):-XQNA-L43I7@J)?E5J9*DE,8\900L6ZSU,Z2$AT0'LK0\#B-K+!%


9!JA'

M;L)FP/T;LF$R]`+3R\3L

M5P--.]J*L=5:R\6/T9:M@F20C0K'`9!V[P'#O.7=XVWE(T&_FT;KT`!(W0Y5

*
M*[BPK&T8HS:0WAO$KV^D;;N^UC#8)0T!5&`/SO2/@`C7@M]4Y0S$)(&FO
M
*)9&AF;%?99#E%@SX&SIPMO$ZZO*G5EBK

M7QDJ:WD90&#M=H
]*)IA@_SY&9CO[Y/Y`WJI59O1
SAQDV/66)V.7#@1@4#E
MA(
OLBPNW5+5W.B9&
MZEC8A,##9$3&0I&`6DH%)ITT+1J)Q;OY49[;SO$[+HOV7K]<Q+3E^6#=?C
M.7I9?T-+[=HZMV<Z'6P,[7J-]SL.\[[\,CBVD_E77-!S\7E^'45^TB2)2-B
M;*R(-'%`'(TC(D)I0P?P@9EG)DW-UGN1]$9JKHAH8@#')AJSLG:^-P6JMC
M0O_MI+5P*AOHRX8W=A+

MO87;$^AC)*`B#D*



MO/?='#SJID'AT

WHY.!0=S)
M_

W3W/
M]/3T3'?#*MFT%=&F



UK-A
M*)ME%J74IL101

M313=D):X&Y8EU]Q!P


KB@
-92+HN9?4E@4R\T0BZX5Z_

M39XJ

M0$'!:[N#Q
BJ
DHY'=8!Q?


VT1&(J


MT$T[1


1MO




+N.!QA/TB


\UK+YU$Z2(;Y65P







MLBV#I:4H
LC/

O=LC:-MDJ)A3@W@
M/TLBHM!5CM?







M/@WHEPB=TX99`JSP/.JRGW^RPPQ5Z!14ZZJJ0J






'\$2?H\LO$

O)*\.+16@]:X0Y_IE
P+-Y*G

M8

MW79=SSM93



MVCQ7#]WWV7_TR/HJP!;HL2BJ]#_VTSU^\(_YK4DG6MV?#G@*@2$$9+5M5F

2A!H31,IJ^G.*`J!80NGID&K)9
M]F06`#LZ73E+@/&E]V'&A6*V:*$+[LY(
8.:=I29:/9@)A3D_
'?\CLV:#E
MG;P2&):1N


<!4P.+$7L

=A:H^BV2UP#J]U)+@8.VJ)M&E2D&I$,6[:)JV\?
MFD.,0F/B6SP^8H^A-]E`QA_&*;0YPE@6.#-!F9##+!O`M^.Y:V:*W!FAL=F
M-0$@UP]
R)4ZGLX
HBQZJN


MZ@


M\



M0IS\(ZN82D[G;8
MX9-'W7/\U!


M7*N^X

XZ
MGBZZ8`

M


M5_7DI4ENPO8P!498(H[B:/P(BUEF00YSXN6.PSI8:S7
#^&KIOT,`E,SFCT.!JJG!%-K4YIU?ATN



`TI+TQI^



L5_\H5SJ;'L:L7Y7$'42YJ?X0QC`=;F.5WPW5::K2%D`E&'2


M$

M.\FK?F6O=X

+0BKJ39+-6YAQS@K03QNDP8=?L







W.`H[C)
9F
MXL#V;K!/08ML29Q0I):7.#J__E1U\RK+CA/+%BG5RTQ
D7VI_NK25=75OHMN

MAA&E91:#F)2*
&IP^)L*#45
I&DLW%2M:BQ3X8?HN^V5S54+KWS^TLW4PBUE

F*+0!H:AV@M2FZ
D0R0E.)R
M`=C\R&.ZJ9Q;9S&0CGD(@ZGP8S16

(,+Y4^R5(5E
M:QW71EBU,'Z55)WBOH!K:B0W8&E+IC:C?)(KA1U`O:




M^)S-9:`8SAB:E;#=;

[R1A.Q

ML`[:IN-AW3;U%YB]!,$`;V\S;K0ZUQE,.+F'7L$D:6`55K\`O7+(@M$99RS
M;U&0`3FN)?I&D0.`AF*&%EMYMNP4CA$?N1)\+*XZ$WEC8']JO:/GE@5FQ*E
A_Y?9?`7M.MF[3?

M[!(
K(\1H
RPUCS
MT4#CNJ[V7L;N3=C/K\0MUD+_



L`KO
\&IJ-(5%@O


M^V&&006=I)'._=CK84AEM6&:^3@Q
K&(







A8L6#E3U7V

!3)SP8$3J='+*1`EYI.
MC;Q%/A_O

M+8!)[#;!3!(]FU1]NU6T;TXTP&-*$M$Z4O6[6TW:KMH&XP8Z%

-







.9CL^-F!J%@R@P!AT_
M+=.E*0V-E]HQ\K+0A7BS9FA3$DC[BP6P1VS35Q`D:BG%($V&4.'C@'#[+B_


/K'Q1]0CZG4R

;2]951G!]O$8LH3OW_4X\HL6&OD@'V:2[=WJ)2L=L=VJ#VF(\
\MX?





4^

M6I




9.A)3%Y_(UVYF

M23G5I]W=$3`V`

M2&0/M[CRNU5^+\YW(;

MZ8
Q'QUF?740N.`JFURI^OET;J47@23:=2


MST(@DWI'ZA)VEJ;%QV
RH0@391TU/C8-/AC01HLP46%B:(^X
=XWP[I3==6Z
'_8\0@((6*+0[)4I0VR4`D1%2(<;ML=O_*`

!]9!






T[:'%N^;=)2#$%$B8C3B]KCC

I``










M_@H*AOB@08[!;Z7&_A.&XD]7V]PZS24[B19+$:[87'A
P*_A+)#
S6?-TKE(
M62R7L4PPQ]ACQNC(_HW#O`SGJ/\;9R)4S_J_L6C*HBQF;A2J3:K`MT.9JMLW
M$^:'#`]
1^_6?\#'[1_$!D&_AI_A-<AQZ)]`3?5#UY?)

M?.D_9[[W^W/?^S+H6[9E#K]8XP$P\-MQ[_7`..D-[.

MPV-CU/^'_X3YYE/DV12YV22,3R1FL@4PS7@-GCB*
\`FMLD%#UJ1(J=JJI
M/DB12&@?0?$IB]TY_


$5_55&)9Z(&*`;-RSEQ]2D-]F;\1

MHA)?@-:-?1A^
0W=8%0A@HD$!@7?%4=8*^/6



MU$&0V#391]6OCNZNK@HD\#T=XN-B8A&%L?#L`4X91@#
Y+M#XIAZ7X`11`?J










M^S\)
#X0`R]3C!3Q
-XB3J=3?X93A\:AB6(9\(%C-9UO80&6SQGI,V[2,$\
M5





M6AE[@1TX^`;0*9
@W_L[]6!.
QJ$#/VR.)HB
`Q4#@S)CA^%L1\^Q]!*UFV%

YZ.3KT&_P$3@NRL8
M=G0=@I8CB1=11ES[H

M9:#KZOGP/7')3'NH']ZH.Q9DYD?Z8CB9^N&
('S.24#&@'Y*M
9KB!_.DT'Q
M&B0_8K'V1!A43`U+F@7P1-:20_2/H`C!]
9Q2&;EP5XOF0?Q?(%
#_J54J

MB0DT`5^+`@[1E6P?`_UR
A=#J]`-%94=4UV)2BU76K8#VHZI/GS4\T%M(8G_
MF?JST@E5

M^T7$1\^NE=0A&:)S26C$@832R,_L5F)BDF7OZ(A,IT%JP!%-L!'?L^\]
M
-(SI#$+89X3O'O;QZ!1(7XD)+LG4(X)O$!`9F&PV5@0^&PTV6.
'L6?631S

CP
A)`0`V$^$0[0H
9#*-R,._PEA[JL?@33%/]\)MP6
M'1;=@3\`9C+%!8&-:


S[QK=

-[;&^]R\
UB_<:$-G_HI89A1&!(0A.&N%YTNRD$H:U1.:%^@_LFV2)\F^W
M&W%:3/VOX9?;BW[O4NI=7OSQ^5?AWHZ)[V$J^NKFXO;BRMX%A&?ZL7?A&+C





[C/5XG
MZ8J:NH


.?B5F:X)
7TZ2?+?-MO5#^0.0.&N%JXQ&^




SO+T%=5U\G+\ZY_3
]9Z3A78C/9/[;UXB

OBG^?P%S[B5&CEE
3^_O.ORVK36ZE`Z\GHSW&^

MF=*P


M#IKGT-@/-/K

@5:%#BW
2FV'E^Q\4@^JM8.


A@?UKE$SL+)R8HV#^
M*HFR@S0R'`7-1D%7[*I-6@%Q&.P#!JH



U




M-8PS&T*:%/U@#

7DG@1RTA\





M`[]+
*DYIN?##FE2=2]P


V`QM#`



PS
RG\6$.


RV=@\*/A5[:_2B57=/M?^:MEB@O
#Z?J!;)W\M)%T
M
=FB.EL([`F9ER=H9%ZB7BE/Z
6OD*BJ/)5=KY4EU`!5:=I(EA9Y



M&'U=
7O&^6!HOKL4C\Q+\32T%


792J*
+_]\5YSHH*


F(J+;%?7C3*/(

.2)J')*FM%\'
*8A#B4.I65!J!G2V
M9:9%TSJTVI_M3]QV4+F$.14Y%9MQ1JWN?1M^^^W86+[37;7ZYMJ<PX]55BU


+

*7DMABVM'7DMA2YN56[^5T6=E\$Y^FBN$QR]F\%FU
5$^M.3133:(_#K&OA&OBZ;!
M;Z0U;_+O'11/\<RAQ*'4(#-\`(%L!Q5XSZG(J=@4*O)+(UQX!NTFZOKHM;E


M#B/:%;6CW


Q8S)5?)(HBU0J_-66IE(*UE^):W63NWU5.H_VL$#O#`

MNC5`O9E$QNGO$M!(
5]'H]43FR?0-09*1

M8;*COMXW3$N3+%WM29JAZ%)/4RQII'9'(V-D]89RC\D.ZII


@MD-\#!IWO.#ATZG

M7+@/(Q`^?&O.

&0H%?.'M[FVUBP'ZO


M


Z
MY0^WF=M=3HB*+(NJS@_:.!)DI2M::LO7EO]A[VI[V\:5]?<#]#\(.;M`TA9


#D7T661Z/I
MW*!$*ZS1&`^C@GI3FUK(NN7OWL7`8Z]+4C(.XO?2'Y\&5[YR^=7K^@\7RP^[
DK+:?OD=EA+Z





3TU5WZ!!*$@B=





!71O\`^:5C$L
M$``=@`X.A24`.F!Z@.7CEMY@FVBB($&0($A0=`G^@.R]/DWZ9LG


%K@(/R7Z]\'0D^\O?J9NY]VANP

MS74O]DZ#-TY)'OU3
FQ@







M
I01
9%B5DXVR)\5D'[F+T<HPPFYJR0*P-P;VXUEZM5)VG!+*<K:KOVN[

^_H82


2MT)@7
&_B?(D



UT@YU?^$G3NA#9DK



MJRC9/Y0B)_W@478O6_[`G+GGXRM(567-A(TV0(**;-G5!%];BKVJ.*/K!RD(

M/RPF^':(83%QJ







(VI?HINB9!W5DZC
M@APPD[OL-RHE=5(6E!
M7#ZH*OG9J?2()F;D_+YI8VL/X+^^XU:@)1



\9/&C).T9*K@JC[XK[.5ZEP\X
`T=/L1QL9HG7%)/L%P\GG
M*(G&Q?B2BZ(OP;3DN)+Y]1S.DN4J5E+&O^*DCJU(9U/%M5+*N+%


G80A)DQ42LA2
M#
8

MX#B]A_J.O
*N@81+4-_Q`#'GX\EU

P
MD`'^ASI@;+:-!,XYV%<D_0&P'P3L#C7UD&JG6?2O.'H$Z#\,.8ZB7W!FI$B6
M_NH.$QR,<DP`\8VES7X.L0!9-#6GT@0:SXNSRC
-^+*:#0C



M)Q/)`L+H
PD.&95B6+/YL%29%T;]HTNF*)%&*:F8.CAAS5:2@FJFG71/;V$T



.]
M%`!!8$BXA(%(9(A+_`V3RB--AK/$!F^J=`='LL_((3_T@5G^;=G+MWA1\&D


-8;@38NI!V(A_SL_UO'F&C<H-/Q&`<2#&<N.DXST]4R0%:*`




T/



M$1'-O^`0!J[L:H*[&8':``&8*?EA%I![)R-M]6@95WLZE0IA^5X!QFQ
;V





T@_B,CO05Q@+\MPGGG)\P*;J(XRB.<?<9!5A`\/$\N


M#%7M*BYR.HK7-WS-5AW519UK=N-')I]:/&L6!YWSJZOSS_^1U
GW]U)]K50P


M@C.JGTP*I*P8CP
5\OZ5-#

9_]_]JZM.7$D6;^?B/T/


M




Q4/'&C_\*L934)_RKUW*KJ4T:6




0:W6S




MDJV$



]YK*!
M#?V'OVVHU0F\E'Q.R2V;=@%Z-^F$ST;4=OFN2QQW




GV\G32H8
]_F#000PJ^0(VXT=M@425S5




[6]_:&)[Y;=L/PB/JGK4Q507

1
MBB8H

-_MJ

MH;=K`X:60:-2R`6+=IC]!W80$.Z-]$.)3=.B`(TB#(DD?KN&?+WY(F;;4I


MD&0A'-`Z(



$B#F19J





]=
M@.

(].H]F9

M;G3//Q/9T

MWNXVQ9OKVEES_C!FA-U.[?*F==7YSI_S&)=;Z&C\9OOR6]*'N
S;I`_3K\^N
M+JXZBX*`OC:[79#1[./IJRD9I&J?\M&X&O&1]7[8H1BRGZ$8A+[W@XF/MA4.

$8]JWW?NO[Z3)

!N4#AOL9TQ.;-4TU&BC(1DW
M:;D=




M)(\^K'Q%RWMT.;!H$+`P@+5RC)D)&N`Y-.U]Y50C(]MQ8#0D_?:J3[[Y;(P
M!B7]^7$2=P@H3U#'[[^9`[9MT:%'+&K[3V1`_1'B[!4X4_.$,Y=PT7(#I;H
_-
^R_Q1@_7+J]W]G6<WAA^=-C@ZSOF.7?7S6JU(ANF*
JJ+(G_
MEB19N[OI-NY40[]3)'BHJ/(=#$[;^OK.MNXT2=55Q;A3ZY5F3:HT1;DI-42M






FD(&LY
'!6;9N%3N:VT];V[N!7(ZZM7=8%&#C;



M73[OJK.0D1
$LW%.3O(OZD;4?YK7FR3DU`0H9D5*SC(DY)SD5DZ&Q=J
G/\K

M2%W+0UTS2%0QG??!N8N)1JY$VL9TWB72-E+5\N@:K3A2U?)0U5QX63%U^\$G
M.-









=-FC8[OL











M]




M_5^PLY
H0V@]1M3D`A@845

GOI.W.8YL$PG[V


F/F)TY0&H:^

D=1]RL/0+=)NKFD*4MZ/^B




MM%5EHK5D#$^M*F.KRFU31


MZT/&\*O]OW*

$RK(8IY001;S!5U5+V.
4AQ
4/'S!X8!







M?31///MTJ0^62I_1#U&
?
L'/]Q8COE=+$=Q&/S@\JWKQ#?B]WE7+8^VNY8)




]USL-+W'&)G5C#
M=[*@:7W



M&%*O@!:$=46R5'+D($#

\PEOWBD%S5K$FF57+I
M3D#8`A`
2[*


4=YR(*E_MH6+.4Z
M5\


M

M!J


MN2!_A*_SA\EB3)V5#QT[MBD*Q#
4O=Z&(6N*=QPJ^^H5?O1JF*VI5SGAY!




MI1I3]JT(W?(^
.RE.0(M6KO6U7
MI3[BL(%


&!

&]4P0E2$96CU*KRM*J8;2GW(1E=BK*C
M5=
T-4G1B$P3$$Q#
@R+@'#P0*@:4LTL4ER!`]A/%6?X\98LE792=`7*02D/








/U2T146_

B<:%)0X/SJTGSP`LC-J6]_Y



M@CZ8]64%*5(N']74)FW3T$)

&CPDY#=(N[H6

MYN$8*N/



?25D$N,F%U+T!0C




M._;&T)ZX




M

M


;GK4L55?ES


8A2.41'&9?R2(0R+@=K7`ZP

M@A*$^P
]

MWYD7L^`I6[*`9*AIS/X[=D)'EG2&Y759$`U[?NSUM4L6CI:R+GVQ8\XM$\*
MZ,*3YQ]NXU[(_XX1VZ#[@+@YV8\7'RJB!//)+VF-_C`I5CZ-C%`N%I5YX=
MT*\$8Y#P$GQ%*`=#Y$O3CC4F.8!59SLH3PZP222@34)EX#8#M#G/99A3Y$3





L;
V0?*CG8C=I&K/3@2X@








MT)Z@R+$K\







M'OY6P]^2-CU^[W@TCS]88`]G
O\UV0L8#'K8PA3AL@^+Y&&4UFV`?MYE&VZZ



0


MR'[F_0CY3&/^(^OZ7@U]+$




MI/.FN


M#?AF

?#OYQ@PC=#SCI4#]C]@^.V&:Y2O9.ZEW3

:I7@MA?D'DM@T1PR*$#W




2+`D[8E`S7G\%6(WJB)`Q!ML4!

M9LQ;090GH]-9G


-'V*(L4W4@#:@HSB0G




%'8O`E4W=0S=LX_&)E0)9K^[JUQ





;Z6V3)G8]X=C8\&


9$Q4I:Z?HKB+F(0/3'H(J29;D8:R;.LDA@/.?8PYV
M3ALR


`BV+_

M4(6L!!HB


M/]%ZS.5/40Q
H/.I(9/]A3BZ#QLF'(




&C1`?!IO5C.Q)/0I@6HPJ%&#Q1


B



N^'U46Y'(31PU:-Y?H(&@8UT







M]`CQSX&SLO4J3I:-;Y_QJ&GHNZB$
KRE@X*R
V_[E+I^R!]Q0)B=?0B'?A#E

XS7QV/81M-EJLS%(XNRC^P^X




M[9A6PVI9S?W)\B'1I-^D/W


M[L@3-]F@@]H(%CD



MPYM[#Y


M8


E&&4%QL
MN`_\$.\T9-*+AV#LI[PFB;<8TE-)O'TZY\P10U$Z=?QU5NN<E]OI3-?2MR6


#3



H[EEXGWIG@'NLE4HKWRB)ND?N-:DOQ

RBXI/[@K;:A7VNTR;1.5

G(B)


TA5]HYM)(/

MD



M?QG4O^R;O6]#)^+?V`


MW[KZB.4

MX`GK([.1'WL$'WPO!3M=_S$61`NKORIH=AIS.OC'Z8&BH!UC$7UY?#762_N
M%.[;UE-&6,G5TG(U:42+F5*VVLO&RVLO;[P*\7$.?6B%*8MKD!:@LW0?(4R
MI$L8\*EZEE_\(!K2IR#%-^B

M4(DKE2Q05%14+!



N_

M

MUL6^`A
WC&(X&?7%@


OU$Y9VGH#_LH@Q

70M5
\S5C
J57!+/6GD/@S@EL6

V#
M3TWL

MPA)1



FI6-;3:





M
6.?@YCMOA=?LS\\/3D[M6K'_6:SUCX_/Z\-!K!`\^3T^-AJ=$Y/AH
G]^)+

E:!


ML_[TXW]_:$W7*M-O[Y2%[JV-WDSZ5=:CTO6!S234.!O_$B4I
__WV=?KBY/A


M;9P#Y2&$0T+_!(

`R&TWM^W_U5*!]_YH


:LMA[94
MW$=*^^(/6_=%WWJ/V,%OJZ9]Q?(\V%K:Q\R[

69@
MVU/#:DK*:#:L$Z6Q$ZQR[OJV/W9MS[C(VCK5L\=/5RAEZ_G


@TZ
M&8NDBW`VFWO!`O[\E<5NR)#TC2_8S^JYZ'^YT?%]G8KS?8WY`]AF]CP,9B<!
MS=F`2R%F#P5^](6%QW;DCJ^F+N=#E7Z#A_Y'N&ZD3I?J;D\;JAW?'9\CD.&






M()J88\SL.`FQ*[*#GX)G_K3#\71I^SULV/V-B?E!=]3D&.P0Y(D);G9NA[`&



X/&(#ZA+!2A@B45R-'1/3D^@#HP0XIZG6?UARZM6'BT)+O6C:4


MJZ7





M%@!`[P-YK#_P:L:/-

M]HZXUV6&@0

M].%D2`2\ZH-%OC-BU

M\B9V;
)3O_]YF7?X1L%BQ&S8






M\H^%J\\]QN*H(8C
OR03W;L25H`8=(E-[-X!&%W
NI)7/`T-_HPR8\%(`A



#_



WVL[:Y69ISEC$
MPZ*IN'8WVQN

9;`WD+]5ZZ\O`A^
M!TC'`<$1H9IP*TU.O_AP1-)E*8R<XZ1!_E`@A3P'\[&(F7-&!@\',]#44YN.
M]$+R+C$AX7A*0WJ6*EMWYT'(@/1@U9,D#)D_7AR*D7=)V3M`;XMK+.
@:(7

K1%SBN0XDXP+'
+1MY_8-^B'B(]40'Z8?KM-)M](/C]ZLT1WT0^5

M]48&`AE5^ON9]73%-&/PAE#O&&9X2`)93FMQ)^)+\I+EO)%)95.:Z8`=]*

U#D=G+_U:HDS<+22K6&.\
*.XX(LBPXAQ3@A(^MB;P9=N)P

M!*)DA

8U)%8((=*




M&E#@[MP_A

M&$[+WXF7(/]XN1$EZ='_??;U^N)D^*DV_'3Q^^=?C9$=



$5TUPBNGJ6HU)5J]:UJ



M.'8Y??[)'USQN(:?AI^&WX'`KWJADNL@IC&S2A^?

RFE\O%?



H\PEY-%W9

^B7KMQ!4WBS]!2^'5FG


]?Z45I
M=4KI=D9Z^V2YEMEH5?`65CO!4=?#E9I
2G-







M2N!#YD.9?O`'($`_FK#0L-

J06EY^#3Q..]!7\(:1JH?
3B.\9\8V:'/VI
MN1W&[MB=VP#]NC&,C@93TU889(_@GB^-J);.\MPQN]F-)6[=ABF:[D^1?9'


MP!Z3B`L%#@'\F++

MZW



\[#9)R:
.PAY]`?5(_UJ,\:2M##XY:
M(6B&H!F9@@5=FOI;+)J<

$S1
T3UBO3%6EN=[U












M@Q!*WCS/7A_;
;O!LX\`?OX\D8GM&^C$N&


M!*N9[/V-&=$\\*


MLG$2N[?
.)5OG*AO8--QZF+^)8AB?*F=O7+T9L-+II'X#@N-NZD[GAIC%L:V
MZQM
]#6/C#LWGAHV+($]U?.[#;&.ZO3,!'-,WMA,(^-J5D['0I'J3+WECJ_
MVPO15GTQ[8-;*TN%HBGS`79:'O8_ASW/PK\)((]Q:YGS%GH!DYDV)
8UJ-'
M88V017/X$
(B3+NN1P:LG`!@C8C-;=[7W9B$P0Q^#F_=


MBR]

GAK6I%3_;$;MF`8`C!!)81B

CF

M_$7






M:G^U]E?K3VM_]?Z=

)X-/?V63?[QE@??]RUF_W[.Z@UK-:EF-VO]M`*J^7UV??F]U



M];S'SP/[*AE%[.\$E/6S6W2MISAY/)0*D&B=G+:L\_Y9K=OM`23.VJW:8-CO



M\?$


5BKSP
MDDH_80]_
Q_LI\
M[28
[NK_A8D1FSFR!TF5(

MM8V+I=U8';D;1)3/[N#M$=9#8@I&))J?8J5GQ'P7SAAA*@66V
+_N)AI
78]

M$2SHN?9(@`\?2&:\$A0O;SU?
`U(0Q*;V?!W^B]^$8E=[%9N$^M2XP5*3.H_

DE1_N^(B=
4A2D7GSO-?MF8IY1RLX(YJNQ@C\E+C^#*%SZR
M!Q_;\.(-1)X7%Q@6H*`@L;!B'C48'Y.5`)?O6O56!A#EEHIRX$@R'=$(&)#O



CE$W_B*1CM!`H9S*A?3
.4BA)@(LP0CN
(^R/7B/%^D'
M$PT-

A16.%_[6@*_
3X


M19CP


MBGJ(0C[@:B\5`A&




?/SH%Q)



M8_;-!LL]CV@D#V`R03@7C9:)P?TK\12W@]4C
[#)^U%O1T@$90%\@K;


83GK<5R'??*:9;HD8Q#^D
TWE?((

MNYF1G

GFF:F2/'\:@RM
M
^U6N\5
PZ6MWT_F:D[Q`QV^(#
L.0J**;QW23`JF#]E7GM
MZPNY=]1B3+



Q]&BYMEWO-0C9.1-CF4]#.HJ::G$M(XBDZL=%Q@XE%J26<
M=\X`1VN:C7;';#0:^/\QHDZ/Z\+?(/X\%W`9WOQ=3!]#38DED#WVQ3=3<30

M32]G#@3ZB
CH2BN-3*F*CT4F)8F`%;LSN6
-V'B6E5HLX\KG#Z^@JWMHBBN_

M@`].HQ41R?D7UY('F@*@G\1P:_'?J[W;@]\
Y@G_!:4_)7&`H8@Q.:G1OP$;



M5K0U$]%

@E*XRJ58
MZP$SJ%L(`=CY:WU++#\71)Z^J)




MY&M&^7I*.EYZ)'Q

@QDA84$Y^J6A
AV
MCC#)'AC


EKNY?J-F3+(RTVF--CJ




M'7ZWI@E\.\`)?V$KK1CZ




XCA/J
!W%HL`4=I!3]M+O




,B<;+K@&Z6XGP'P@NE/
ORZ14_*4#U

(3Q<N3LRT1[SLW6*4;;QEZCNO0K7!7L?Q
M)D@*1HRZQ:KZO)40DKI9-&4


3W&3*254*C/+UF$1N
M[9[9[7?7I8ZORXLW4346Z2#O&O6&=:044ZVH?Z4T]/P2Q2D`0.O=GCFPVKD2

M:)O4
H]D\WNT\+BW5
I$%9MUXPST&
H2
))YRFG41V2L;+GF2^VDB_!3ZKZX






M&N?-9K]VWCUMU$#UZ.'LC4'MW#H=]-N]T^'Y8/CTB1L/NMMZ\
(+#E[X@J%/


]`.+WL0JV






M1)YC1Z:T%Q\&`H]DA:@6FGN[%(.&9I*:'C)Z:'=;FAXT/8@M]=H55ZGOZ7HZ




MATM3*?Q2\2/O6)/OA_7.:M5;ZK`KWB0MWP2


V*H1.5U6#?B'0M=443.KP4O


MD4H)QWN*=?4
@8/)9N9E'')F-.;CNWQ.BAAZ(I*4*8



WGSW2?
Z;*%3A
AU2G*C5-IO6X.';*5.8:!]:P6%@O]TQ






!&




ML
F$C7%`0O:&QEV)(:)Z?EAI26K/2@23YX?UGKX_#KN;\I7I9UR-\^M)$C


66M4R]3'?/[?;


M+(R2B$)?L*TL%A;J%E;[NQ@?.O4R96%_U%SQ)9%?+K:HD?^BR&_72]7#Y4!M

M^Y%-#D]C'$3:_-

,IS-)P1=O<\X=Y9ST6#)%#[[HJMG6K-*Z&WN&KW-\J#WT-C&7J7


M9/@XN@DH$X=/V*^G^TQYYKTW+;/;*E

M/C\[(SQEH7M+&BYYD:



66C'F#WH!5&$$1





6V?R-&YFAE=
].IF[+;/:UH^G5XK\U

M
S#BA6G

MR
L$NT/QO^MBQ!(P^6;/
CL5U7NUD-\!_ML#LUU1)4\+^7(+*BWD=R?D=VK3
M=UZBKF*ST%^\#I%?GFY$'YJ695J]
N47'ZZD+Q':K4'/;+;+U&WE50OX`YO1

M&056H_%^RZD$JF(H7V]E$PX\-MF-N+&$N/FXO:2A+17WD=*^^$-Q`LO3]WC!
MQ\]$QKM&O6_
7

KU_I
$='U

M4&S_K+')A(TQ
2.*[9@ZO_B.
0E!FC%9)#/(K\-`H3-
\9PZ7NINYXBAD@
ML$*4C/X#:QIQ8
BT(\^=N3$U



-B9AS/





M]+*)[*OJY%^'IEVB=%:SWRM3L.45Q*'+@WQ=Q_JL7\`=0P'J4?6/
GW3I+


M(PYM/YHPRH4;\U9#O
'8;CJ`Z6M5B6MU29VD8#DY+!&H9L.]BC?U_H-5WK7J

MYW`?\#4Y.F%!J9OK=P?WT`_0W\!^SGFC05A@:N.X2+RU+(2[(O9@!+SSU01N
MH3_&WX\#GS
7DRYDE'@Q!0=%2SU

P

LBE7^O6;\+0X?M8'&9G

M$5TYWMD3V^:8]#GLWX)[PQ'!?/BJ`(1\Z0


!O3;K.

?<A[/SQ)V4STN=!


MCK_

MAF.9X'A/FX51:(P].XK^\78XGWNL1@G_O):WYK
[S_796^.7E&4LI8`_
:-[

M=



MTTGC3W#/7C$?!\Y&;)Q@(X

MZJ\T#T+

)/HH+*D[X5B

M)5Q

-C3N&:AE.B;AEH7W#*'G0
M%#

7-C81K7




TC4LP%7R:8



F
MULW!)G#'1S2=F!%



MERJ]4J:A3J7$

M


MOFLUE5



M`NZ[(E=72%6%DQRE





11)(EH1MHO9VJ.)7]A3&^=K4I1-^\H)(#`?G
M^B*-^F13N(SN+2L^E[?[$JD'JJZX*./7I'K`JPX*T?3/1(KP=MZA=B*
`$5O



M-P@1MADT\%GL-LT+^X4
X8J<R!Q2M]EA+$Z^C0!C[[0\5%1EALY+U3


Z\8?P1U\
C2EB2=(7FI&(Z:XM+B)


7FERVN/;Z6



O.`.9!7'9:N`RZLIB
_:
?'?$\5KD[
5

M\46)I*(D5XPZLQ`=(-

`];Q)E
(/?=A8#LB7@!*)DB/F1*%-^Q;V_5DR`!#




M=&C#@:)BO^


M6![;?T4&90DOBF5V^UJ0:GI0Z*'3U_2@Z2&EA\[@P&S-`VB!^[J:_6LH:BB^
6\*)+9TI0;T^0QW^(;(0C
M;&:AM+?_(K
1[NW=_Y+E][L!0+Z/BB@=SHI#YRR
L

_&:6@.)FY
MR:SW

MMBC9-O-1-UAJE#T%OE\?QA1(
GT06HE@'




5QJKQNHC17XS?8X8\!^P[-D)CM`BT)V


7`$6U4M6
S;






MJ
7%1G%)VNU3B)!XN\5P!LQ2UX0GXWCKM@GK/0@[[@#0ZSZQ`X#U\`X`@_V5









MH/L@H8QDTMYLFIW.YZK#
M&4L=BP07
!=NC7QDD8




M3%6GA^D


%
M7K4
/QT/+NUUJ&9




M@S5X


BWS)Y&_BM&?K/BR#]`7?C`


=
MANXM


8NH8E8=JVV'[#7

M/;I?Q?


3
)@9DSA)+6_

B/W@^9#?(R(-P`:S7

MOK%@=EC

7=_+[:_A(4!Z_#

O<*QHTG\9TJ^XQ[MB/'Y%<HHF

6--:Y36H
M+N%7
62G9+I@L;YOL)_HD`S=

[A1
6L`
M%M\QYAM8L(_1
)HJG<M<.P

M1Z`J7S.-.T;.7G3GP@OQ-&2L%KL`

T)#!/
M8(])Q*

M
B&-1(_&&$;?_(<



WR&*)P17)*N%P69S+U@`#:?1+6HKD:[`0G@?=F??2!Z#


/X(!C11\/AS!`_


MAL8OXBC#+*MZM/H:Z5KV7=6ROP2J/USXV5YU1?L.!.VQ[9$*0S;7OVP?M)]%
VW9_13*,9GW/U-`F<&0CEAD


MR'5ZH$SB
?:304
PGU39[#1D/F[BXQLR`Y%:Q+@17P$SSQQLPQ'%+.0IRPOJ

EXDK.2*5';F841^-242OYZ9B^P

M5%W9.A$KO8ZV*/0@`9)[%$AFBN'DB-D1PRLTKKQE^^Q$UXTH#OW(APRAPN

C2M^X^Q;V_5$




M9!(H_K//A0G&Y(7U+UR
^)+D95^9Y[()\C$\#NRE0?*?+P$7-8X
#R0.K$'7



+A+BU-71&/7Q/PVU3K_9GR[.+W^`_31


X5^BY0Q+%12[(<<H24__


M':




WRSM)$AF)[\TTY;[`0'V\M


.7JSX263-\X3Z8;8G`I[566M<[&3&S7+P^J9_Z!0-]9G8;9:#2H;1_U
M[\'


MYEP`OR/Z]62M3B-[QGN4XQ=YEZ^5W^6[SV5)\G2]2/8/BP@%HO4B;UNN)EK^


M]A+1!XT9B8PXM

^
MGJ
SAMT!'B
7P&Z'ZKPX.@OOB
4S1''C*--LNJUU6.**


*_\0BPTI_


OP$]?PZ4Z]N!*_!-6-/Y'KG)F
MAYAJ'7UAX=745AXC`0X_?&63?[QE@??]RUF_W[.Z@UK-:EF-VO]M-*SV]ZOK


9NAEH1O4N=8J:7(

DUR




P/9F`NT2^(



-2HV!H5








MM75Z=OD._]1-Z81334J:E$JD253+8B?=`K:0^&Z\G/U?/GVBJ?6)
N@3W3;8




57HX'O?;KX?%;[X^SB]S]`

MNA^$



HD_<PCU=#<<WR4YS5
M((1WNUUS,!@4.WKU5^<RI9I#(MH'D-E!1J#99Z+RGYQW%O\\7]^2:+:C6W/


!06=0/V9:.H3KP8

M3R'^`;:TE]-?N0^']L_X7]9H


M23^


_\'[2$2M
M)D%F%V_L`0
#O


MBB



17QO
M%MYW#*5O


M-KRQ?4'TL#7@)PEL
F0`4M@?OIY37P`+
1?U#LH


MX'(757O@-C%(AI10.-

(H
9@G8:


M2BH*H4CHP`*KX+


M%
8



MAYL@R*N0SP(4%*M86

MF;*
S!C/G7*AE






]@X\:X'&9FB

MO)EQ'1+PW%AT4^5&A&V$2H#$C2Q[

#8FC)`+](A(.-.F!
MQ056!L)4^C%ZU9U=B,1R!A7;6Z/?YZ)_Q$@B`E7S6)BM*[X'(O/GEM[?6$
ML\X+OB
24A(!EM6:9EZM$1_+YV$J.W@4W3;V1;;+;@^B+P;\@A*X\);?;[\`
T5([KT)S%X$U]R=!CC
MY`
(CV2.2UI]



MOCU


UZGUV'R9Q`8HY`[.%*Y
M'+*8^__@#H%.+9QLL/0AP$!1$437$TDS(ET13070VYF09)S&,7L(2,7KAT
MSF2+U':W%Y(&K2-


%
D#VL`6

M;N*#O1;1ZRYG50!US\6TK!!84
S%&L(CY$E9
N*@.ALVTV
=R1H86#Y0
$LP
M&T)J


M%E?TJ#@]/,'%I\K80X1Y,@'C20T1#\DGE;&,SP$7-`25-*Q&/WQ@AR^0_R
MH%D5Q#O?]21;

/&^

MM_
:0ZJ9




ME%S-L4[C6ZC



MWJ#JQ\T5NJONZ5&)]G%]A1N

MM@[YV]L-1'A`F]$E3O&RK4OS9+ZBP268YKR]Y=LEH






O5
FBXA$BOX1EB%A.4;6+5O+

MX
LBOTP*T/N/&OG:\#\LV^]SX$L/Y\BC1
_BU&0M^G0





MJ7$+6TMP1LR$]\F`U]-9F\5O\ZDE8A0&&)EBJO&
#_#DHY:.WB@S$8E/P`HX

MB;H3=XS#?X#F:F

%$=QF*JWZ1STZ!P.CB-1G:8(QA'-@IK1J-)B=E.UK&'
M.8Y<]?&S(P;<#*$D.#+.`H=7B=5LS1I6Z#S;:IYY68;Y8CZ_`U]YQ/@W$N?
($T0&G5/0AYIO_]FHPRL9,)YRLH(F(F%83JWEJ#JLN@9-
#F8-CI

MC:MD-L/!2C0-3X&7D0'


M34%=6]1`
411E(PBUW'MT!4*JI`
4@9YKCKLU1;CO
*Q7%


M*(3/TU-GO9

CXPG8]PCE'6BU&8#HV*XW:`M$56SW]$C--S$YQ9
MA;W@:0BT.V/9-&B1

J&/$=
MJBYB\#QI5462RX&#)FYF,`M9SO19`8-5'.,YIE`7V?S6,Z@?R.?_BL18US.@
MV1F<*#H49G]-C(Z!^FRKM+4-_^=(1V:+[(MN%O5^7TX_
('/@*#0B(CBX5Q

M
^*0*2P#PBDW]BI]%4^0HW*\T3_/@
YN`;JRY\`!W
GAYAG'+3G_MVD*.121

:]`8+W



$Q







MFJ+W4OEK




MR5MR)U/BQC$/P6+\*&'D:&79X#Y6XP(9Y)0%-VXF(C(#*PV9^C54;%FC#%[
M-G3MS-G(8E/&@R5F\6\I_LA7PE,2W%#LIN`N05\,!XKT)Z6/29^.G=N%J^0)
MVX:?8)R!'+/V&.`49=0N`F`S.(F+F5,(#__6!1`BXS:5)06(N8?,!D-W3F/


CR
MAJO
G%RV_U88*8J%DM/=X?T+/XJ9[=`'
4LK&5.(5F#*B!GR64S.*UC./!$B

P0




5#JG^4?O@&PA43`HT66^(;.
M9
%'-@$&+R?#-%HX1^81%-\5&=GT59










ME8@;:FG?!7+
BMV[
VS5!B]Y\P%DJ

5(=SK(5WXCA
M$3@V*J]9?66B;G!)))



;6#33\GK2*TPV==;U1CT^G`E^G+EQ

M^)BSA-1.FNP'?M=5G9
&I.'@4[A5,J#I9E#EO?`21U%EAKO48(GE?O-/!CL)VI)4GL2

ML2T4N:.THQE982ZI;'9
[$N8FV3K8WNN=+D


MLLMKWO



M^OSLDF0BN+W4[)9;'Z(Q9P8V+$D2?E+9


MXW-@^
!/:+^;Z%)LCN`PPP29%=H
F88/:LM9=4X+UM*?MAHV:RG]Z%:P6R[`
M\\P


X0M@O?^5^
9UM(=(O=Y$I06:1
:.AK:9#\Z]D(:)8Q'G



MX4?!`U?:SX%D0K:E5#Y5%ZP^?9GLHL03W;EV`FK+GMH+8.9H30E5#+[4&%



8(5F5

IZ1:TB+O*^U6O*FQ]F




=PQ+
M&J/4!3&W71'`R`Y%;A?:)#:+8)P_Q[:+O?BQ$XM9F-N1.X7TL:CN7*6C-=%2


45:I]5`J-@+0#IY6EW_-L#+YBBA

M)=KF7]'4%@]=PP0#&/2LZUY56&$7=.B/&HTO%I0-\@*I@KLQ19R%)#DA;
M(QZ,Z8!DM]/4-3M2E'_BI''**.0&N$?0YZ6&?/24+5*D9;98N+JNR&KSYA
M3(S(VGP5E(O`:]&Q#DH0@$0_BK+U!+
S#N60R8IT7F(+R$T`\L:A(J#V`S4




M+4=4JJGTJNZO0*#%-&ZBT*

M2\`C#L53



(J5

M?#RK31?-3(1N;TIG
UBLGNBC2@EC:429N/G9\)?E/-5;Y`TE(60DS5?:%0
MDZ






M(:EOV1AN(C9$

MW5F4MM




M;?(:R0]1'P0?0QS?THS\W%XQUJ3L5FA*:NTN=W$OE$7Y!1%Q926#Q93JWD+5
M&T4RJK
61)CU)-Q59L&WCB



MU9CHM
EBTI3E&8P+;_-F$SQNS-7NK#?IZL%.\JU'G003*+CKJ88Y%/GV+*@M


PWN\







5M7VN
A4E
M2&O394HJ:1A9?+304!RVE]6


S`H20.W*G8G

I]849
25Y*]-A5WE8A.DF:XUH`$-.
M]O-V\Q.Q$2K[2V?1\1!N`4!R6`(I#A)`MF`=HJ`D_PYI$I+%\(0Y[K%2@4;9






M2=DK4)BC8G.E


K;)^N058O<BQK$TOZP9@


MM\C1S\-@=L*[X
%KEZE#^@L+3UT/O:'4&(BGD?Z
O[+)/]ZRP/O^Y:S?[UG=

M

MC-MU?T7





;H!8`2@:?V?


MR7(7#YX-/D4C?:8;877-KM6M]I6H&C\L(1DTVV:_:U6;#*JD$*[L?*29X+Z8
M8

M
)N5IQG?ODB^9;9ZG6J3O&9\NZ1JO:5%!M'?#S4K4I1DR4VE'-(??F)#*[
M`\TA7SL5=


Y
MJ);K^PJ`-\Q67WMX7CL9=)IFLU5Q
M#2OMP22TO[W4G[0RC14M(@=9V6KM/:
M6P*:[+*EE=%]:R$?K&[+;/:UH^G5XK\U



2=16;A?[B=8C\\G0C


MH$UI7\$MBM00$

M/#WKUMI6^ZPV.._W:Z?M]FG[='!Z?#ZTJJ


P


Z5$;`27D+9NF'621)$QMQ?\WU*I



MX%LA0U@#22:=.
(^FN7G)<=?$;N<G`%?


MGG!@P

MM-;LGW:;Y[U.:]!L`W-IOOWGIXOCRZ_&W`
J;+Y7K96-&RV8+(K?5AHYB@/Q
M=Q%GT(7/A7DB(N)ZFK$91UO'HHMJ]SMWN-/K=8URCUN-?JW=[G9K_?-^




MP
ZG/!LSVO[YQD'X3'SV<2-\[5Z
M.\OL:+3/.L?'QX-:^\P:PO^TSVN#\]9Q;7!RUNDV^Z?-L_[QV=VZ'+S[<K-






7
]#^=FN;YB


C.\;?B1W&
M+
1!@3A'Q33N&`BC&]LW&(C-!


S'V^)?4YR:A@U+A`SGEC+?H5\:=W9D






M3GTVDQ-WMF'K+_1MV



9D3-Y[3W%#*0&E.(##0/-/Q0Y$4&LZD[]7^@*[RO=5WM3QT@L9
M,_&69((IK/ZJ+PUCEC2:I^QMRE3T`I[3^)6P34V]N+0??+'35V!K
8#=DCS






MOPGA)66!(?W1?^C72DO85



T`5;4+5.BJRI5\1HEJN^@CA-2F@=$P.K+]!&8'WP^(U2%


M+J

M2

M5\O-WLLDOL)*T7#BT8WQDE0PF.#!-


M3ZTN9.,;Z#B%S/E@,NX&972W!A$^P&XT=EPJG=:*H\/H.$`O;\WZQ6'2\9



MZ6D`T1:^6!2_F3

C1ZQE`W#=NTAK8QZ(ZY7
*:
M-ZU3CX#F_D+!A&BO]!CB&TK,H=M,H_]`G4EQ+DN31E)+L(N3

MFT!;R[C

M0B#_YN`Q(P5?EBT+(


M&OM:5`1SU44HW:-B#X9)F9[0T_&]TM?SG3(SY7NUKZ_!QCM_;%:.
[@TF?'@

12-5L5W[IGC8/C5



N!N[YG!0!U$WU#Y



_?6F0-S+%#F@(9
C3U()4#9]U6%


MCE)%S@01@K!
(^`?


[:!YB.PHHGK


TFJB(8IW3LQ[A+_M:0)L@W[PXS_@HB'8MJZ^&GI)-O#DO$Q;!DW:G*&!8




M+_(

M^3P(@'$35]J8U5V.B-BA



MA5

8+3


(APTPOJ7ZBI*8QNMUIY+N3OWH/DWF(WI#G+&$8-;UP2OQ





^(
D\
MG

O/J5OR:U%7(8UIT5X7Y4?+?

OO8$Z#7&-V/O60]X*
MB`W_@N7QRWF:`&\)5*LIH#[.*.-?R+=H8X2&W%..*XI.;/^(2BE\ZGH^]052



?W^#:_FUGXM7'_75G7#NOKAF9^9=_Y[2'/1P
M1C^)I+]S.

M9&&H3C$Q[A



M$PVB^1Z65]W?/=Q^OKV#SUC)]#-\E@=/^@YAP9&/*AM.#4OF1R2$[/&F;JI:


M8:^(G9ZKQ_ZNU*&WG(7%NS:$K'4O^NZ%1=
.:086C:*9LBH28Y5GT&+QA'

#H.R(AY$(Y@&[(EF;)EM-QW^D;&]+39L^;


_6Y6R/]VD4I]A?/@G7Q\NRR;+9Z-@Y

;MZL\[Y`Y1=#
HZT=(J%\QP-CD;HO`8
MIDG&HP#`:@K^)8Y08.R+G]);9BCHSNMG*%BGFR8@7GUNK^[$^(97K+Z71N6J
M<H1.Y7=-?)3]-C




M;1NF*@^LBTP3%331+%C[3?4:@APNE!PV
&A!#Q=*#Z:BRJJPQ`1%G!.'Z+;G

M6U:[WCM*4




LDM<;Q\1:1Q@+

\1/C@U+%SM$Y1]9T]

M$?'!.)]*20A[BI-P\A=73D$W79(@)H*7'EDSM9MJN+MT%005O)\*]([+T_=$


H*8




V(


ER!38*$AUE=V9V0IEX$+PBCF+ZRNI?,;FL<!=Y
M`4T(:UJ<;@PH'U._\/+`2Z0KWXWC`JPA3[;YP).*]TG..V=_-7.[
#K=T[$
M45J:A^


MJ[RJJDZ&D,ZO*F7!6]5BI*:D70_3*7987=\-CW=K_4ESBK_$8W[O=*WX*%




F;.@.H_[T6O;6Q`W3B.
!O)5(K(
H\HZ97Z(

MA`UL4










MAC

M]:5H#ZA=BD)D)Q-O6=O2FB1],H#R_HBR5BY&I^$=+SX

MJ]:@Y5(H_)5P=XEI?_+BOWJSB!!TYW!+/R))&JWGBETA:M]5?^AU8V+!7+
M]BWK8GBZVE?


MUY^D/F\?PQVS;LW?2VB9_%
4IDO)#5Q_%7NT90S;
'/AEMY`77(NH.(;\]+Z

M;XE

M1102[88F43NVB/KPMZU-HG9J$87$EC6)4OH#J=:
3]W6BF^3MVQKLZAZJRA8
M9





MS8-C\X+8FQ10O]0R[O#'UFU?
TT&]O3MZT-V?PMK.K05%56NY[8WUV*:%5]
M1]=[N9V*#$[UO2Y#U:7`TM'Z[K6!([501CF:;#H=[\LA&*?LLKLJQ?9V:'M

MV\JJ!2D)4NJ4?#Q/J+IDH8YY*G5-JK@:X*O5(2I-0N4CKU][H
U0D;*KVZ



M@I0$*0E2:@

M@BL8JB



+/K$Z#@L@T3


`4/Y4Y@9+'HX.+HT%J
P`IL-\*\
!
M*DW[LY;]L

MP.6\BLY/V#8
MSP*EU]/
0SW(

BA8

M=O4


#J'U]$QZTOOY*#4$DI8BDE%?NL90XD$VN

M(?@9[:N0)1U@G)8-D4:O[+&S5EHPE3WK
$%5XRP[(
-R1)81B8'CQ/3C/
P(

71AX))ICY@&%];^'Y

=#93'5
X2L

MDVGJD^S
*:1L1CN^F.4KE1



NY

@`1PWQCK7KK`
M!UQ$0(J$



?;^
H]2C+UO]V&^//:^^CG-)3WI
MV74[K

M?4




E!^'L82;
H


M@A$=
97

1*2E


M^:.(RNRT*7WJK
MD=B!:

7FR
MI/V!=I&SNP4];*`'RQ0:E*'@AX




MM?+N9/*YJZOY_$[U6:W^SF'/.'&RZX+
^`_O3P1TPA\')8-J3GO*F.P#H5


M^[Z4!KP+*EV1/N(M%F3J@44'CZ5++)B0)G


M\[Y2&D=O82E-MV


X+$)?@!)=`-S49_C^+6]`]J?A

EE*?6



X;V1-$GA(7A=
NN
69?GV]\]Y;Y
MU?OY_-PB@YV)9<4T6X%Z
PH'YH?OA+^U-A1


M8F1?O!J+JWF]



MY5.




M*!NX!EQ\+X@3XE+F7Q$%G-^%D??D!:`-KZ1X






MVS)V
/?

LW

MFCB*MAR%*OCA'D_^M
+OXRU3RL
T=H-I_&.KCK9;24D/+UM/U?QK7J^RU2!I
M1]3Y5-\34+4-JB[YM^ME6+;D!:FM/K.B=8;K4;BT5JVM%7J$43A61%L009

%?(SJTD6


MPM*EV&4WZ\GW!W][X@D#L^-%H(((]I#SIW6\1NDX?%PD)IQ;8D*W]=9.59`?


VR--N

MT


MMD*F=K\?X%DU1198/`H66P)'&W'7)3?6KFVY+T/[;E&-LR$[E^F^$'10H0-9
M

MGMQ)]KUD[B:PPAP=^)

Q56O0ZZFZJO3^
MMP+_<^'S]=_ZI;Y)S:(535=_5/Y3DH#CSWEQ:&AJ?:??SQ<?R=-R<1;N'[\




9(59_<A%S1GV+^Y;M'X`#'IP73

M60&?W6_\V_%M

MX#XB2R!3.D1S(=


M2KU&M&B]D36^[JDW5Y;J`!L;&\BW5`7PHCJ:










T[RQ
M38`\=^G7=)=M0+Q$]\-)DKJ1Y_J')_:W&VHFFNCZP'S!5%N#Y=W*V[^\((R\
M9)7Y/\'^KZXRIJD)_R+)/(2_/





M@-R(R'V$EFY#2!T+Z%#:;EHJ2Z]BR\Q[8&C5[9EX%JKH)AM[.DN*SV#?RW
MV/LI\/Q_?)=$*5F#?C2TXOK!Y8;'`+5
7J#88V2#WGVM)N;%




M#%
S9Z!'2YL([CJ)`/#


B=


MRS7:`HG'H^!PMSJ%


M'G[;$:JZ@E;U5>$5`J4N7:14R=GDL:E4EK;

D:V




MO%G5PWBQ]






[T^$-0]^.6NOPMDL?

I1Q;K$?2;YA7P@(RG\
1N?:`)\-N)NU
M46M2*7?3:OD/.X.TNP[1WD`VJYO;605H@Q5PY


MXU*^#SIR`BISHT0\20M`[5JW@&7W;'M@]`Q0`.$D3;4W`/W.






/3W]F.GNGW'O

M\K0M&_M/#

'G


/:(B985U*
MMW


@_Z`E:







'@%(=`:0*LM@-VUY2K5X&!)4//?:


8!P
M1Z'GY#W5+Y(ZE[6$
QC%AE(8K7Y=R:Y(\K2
SSFWJ0JY
?^%84D-X(/%0+


MQH
^;#1M\%0DGC*8(ZLYG_!UD.&AJ?4TV.:)??X66I&42L]\Z;US!WL)3M`
MKT`HBAW4Q`;!3PY!5N(7W*T-,C_9^BDT.G;(/EQ?YK


E
`DPV`13)L64
MYI\(8N_F$+^B&_PD6=@_^+SQLN=-,H0-`/X2V`F@D+$!#R)H7[!,R20,9Z
M;F;*YA+[:05X7AC2
17(-S1?9]9///WS8?.)0]`Q7G7Q=TAB0RMSD'QCO
::
M

PH1+BD[-+*3]54%^H




@8C?%)



A#V8=B3.*\2&3L9$UVK3A/&+4MQS0T8V

V




MPR9\US4

'
FI0L8/Q
MOJ+3'++A#)-.!@?I[6:D\N8F&6YV8UI(L(*G)N.=\*%8CKFT=.1H2
4\F'





ZUEQ22:*_J7F][+W=U


$9A+

R*G3(Z+]_)L3$IR6-O=7!8!FOM)5;RL<PVO::JRGE;;15#''!(



3B$_V

M.%[N+`/3)4H6P

K9A3



M#PS$`?M

'8XB`2:DAX

M3Q]JTFP$-KQ$*(\8S@P+AG8!2$VU.?KPC$'(
`\0)=P:6[8%:XPXN%8H

V#



$05@OY-860

!$4\0`(XAQ[@N\9K


K2RQB=@%1/8TY1@J8_V!-N'S+CIKF1GMB

\*C@TI7Z1'S
=7$K?&9.^NB&V

MN\VA(@\:_9X^Z@MM3T4F-7=4W

M4+2ZK'?@/\T&$
!H=PU9
8:-7JME&(V.6F%DE_(XXR!78!F.)-DMF#+6R@EG

':CKUU?IHR9K:[)+L!P:])'TF3.7BZ3!C3



ME6IIUU















JU&V

M/!BV&OVNVI(-36O*3:TWE`U]V)

^



HZ0CPWVWR5G

)L')(!DZ):
XT@7S.]R1!


M$T_(@&*QD#A)%S:0UB^P!:]D_)+UR)_+



1



U2[97HMV[`$-+J26\B]G$UX$@CBV$]F14F6O]ELKK1`



M@B
*USQ^
*5]N@3B+X[CK%'7(G?YJ9(B_YOY)?^



MSXV#Q899E


_?COP$$;VA'^$&

MM5NVTE.=;M=SS9;:

.LKB

MP`V#R?:#
!?X'O49PDNN#7;S'/!7X(Z/$Z&=I6K]MS54_IVBU'
37'4IHZ


+])]`!-?$;$

MU3`]41YIXL._
"1D,'60P?!VS(+V


MT0`F`.
/0VGD/R+:&C







Q


M&0
M!HM2

M:#$%:&

MP!O715&@SUAJ02HJ!%`


MUZ0R?D$L;(./CX$_O-Z(C\:6[DO&1(2AD50'J_M!._@D=%TP4IJ$*U!6;5L
M\%[]'1


MUU+
IN8JGMKK*%[;T]J:X7EFM_7V2#171*)5-!+MKEQ0#C6S3Q8GW^]+*582

`D8O
M0L=J(1@B=.S26%''(+(S946UPLGJSOG3&K\/USQ_7SQ-88N??JP4:^L%&+V+
M
S_$&P`\B

2L

MJEQMGLL0!







3%*6UE\%-DK
M:R$G(GOEZ]NL$P-.F[.RWMGT?C`\?L-2'QPA1#55
\Z#N!/=WZY
_Q3J.*


SO




&^@`''BR[=Q#Y
8].)XD$JMOZ0/Q5U8^Q/_L?BF
M\^FC+/G0QM

RGZ+_Y*27W+\+AX[0FTR2=

+$^M#X1[

5@%6AC!(
%-
3I[.
M+1='\2ZXW9!6V8GDI!ZH^K
4!OY]$)()DWRB27DHZS2AEVAJ?I@BS!E-/-%
M:@Q*E5YF!WCMP1B'2?*(,CU)@CZ3I1`)CY.:RRK2!4?`IQX0OW/&Y!);$\J




C=6#3()`30R+Z#W;
N\)&Q+
M;/BE9=[[QD.D1JNL!KTN^Z[0ZIKZ!#D$Z?Z_:=0G7?(4@$ZB-X((E@/IB-QM

M=%U
?X4N(`H9RSNA
5(_OC7BV#)?D?KQX.D7+[7O

M/?SXI6PY82CR.4F0425%(,ZY;6]W72XB5O$!1SO[(UH!3.;VH9>[R5P/K9T
MCX,21K4.HE0-T1&*Y9G;U/4[GKH5.CVK(NVBH**5:%B)

M(23_\D\$_4?8\3(


FK=QN#BG+U`\RBCP7805EZT3

M-NO$`%TLO3TNO9-J5H&1WP--N=_?QKBP:)X-:GVJXF;QH+A66[8J5:[\:!=#
M@OO`?4U630%K/IJN^Q+S
-@(CSE*1QF7H?4J#S\H!N.[-A'RW_['5K@)*
MO?FON;+NUI/_9W@3?E9`OU]2L2+SJ+M!$BR)D:].LXLZ')-UARGEKJ\;K:\
M0FS7FHZLFUHMV7Z&)OS

L6S^RD1



2NG7XXC
M*A^1

M&()ML(
=N1+W];WH^JA=G]L-X^:[Y7^H]
^!+I:W*

U7



G#Z`/ZZ2X=0!1?$;*$*ZB0=%0#J[9S2
MYT62[E_X1[TX83!6B4/Y^K.K=\)-.IINM(TCX%6%8JQ&KM$+TY!(0B%(!2


5;4@)Z?AA0*02@$H1$
M0JCQL99`D]5#:]JVW#2.D(%-*$ZA.]`3(1.N!FYU0*:J]SIE:RVRXDJOP


M::B*'%[JLJW9]9/I(_E+XL2R2E0[7Q^N5ZKD


M6F:GUU

9D/

8P
ZDX&

[GU1HDNS^

MR-;N#Y`1E#?5)^IMJ)8V+$$QS$,09&P(YA8[@NFYABB92I(M;1;=N??=*R

R3OT+;WRT
MNCQ)1ZHZP()BR@`9V78$2\6B8)J&K2NF

O:PH

MU


MM$T9F4CE=;V3F;D
^X!]Q.M8;3;VCZJUY6
+QVL2/7I#`E97W.SCV&87;6I:
:;Q*&'S?11V+-!:&BG*@P\<ZB\MF
M697F
$G=R'-]6
:O]ZX7_/:['\9
C)Y





1R63AJ8)8+









[B^\1S+*X7@``$S3B)1W+KW9N&8X
M`]668;NFJ0B*CD7!4@U1



E].
RZSW6!(?)^
SH






(#
MP4)])BF+`JZ1`92.9`'2!K(N8P@&LP20TO2%8%FR]/4B8SA
)ZGO)F24
MZ1.JE+R0(GLD9P'PW!3FAW>JN,H5J8E$4UTF5`^R\+'7
M;M50$_]'!/:=$SX%1Q`A;[=NJX/^0!=-H8\MT
U(4P5#$FU!!YULTBHG0W5@




MF:F%8;;==FL`(D-2=$


/R:JN&V]@(0Y$QU3MOF#;HBHH


\GJ+?DC9_?/Q!X=13PZI0?[B03^NGF@7#C$+#T1%M&93%0+DXG

M$.*I.X2-9GJ&?I^ZX*`6WY^\4?+PQYDA+7!#K6\2G7%W830B$;WJQ?G)RXAX



MX26M@ES?9@N49F-9[551KM5L##.5L:O*J+]C
@BC

\I7YQ\,#\I2.IDVC@;4*&M\S55&YEX1[*@NL
57162_)

(YQ`VX01B.BAE]Y4K(FKI+$G.7CB\G=5X6=5ZO8LI!LV5E
MH[&



SV[B-B:\_XQ6
]^@V


&(@Q$'(PY&'(PXCAFL;4QP:'






M2=$'A(Y5F4W9FG4)-?.VH+

M6W`PU@1%


MBM'7]VZ8+]:H7[X7@#:;N'F[_+LP368*$C;U

M?'RZOO'LU6U[=2



VZ

LFO'\:WWEE5\

HANL6XAK+
J\;#31/




&0
MPF.M@?S!D+W#
N1&YM@S5.^B]I9+3X;K%N*:R?`.(;NAC%WW8.H^ENH_)*
G
MLU*JX^=E\[+80-)GR-[)5&5M%(^-ZM.V_UXA-!F*6\C-3'0S?JXIBE\:IK]G



M[2THA:^_[




L8A;0XV06.ZGHL(B7%(U7F]AO
MKVW1P99,`K3.Y]4)7UV?^.VXJ?^EMN/_V?ORGH;1Y+T^P+['X3#C`#.-7


NETJ:E'9IS^G\[16/WS87X3PV!A*P'*
MAK'\[AG7DI_YN.Z'B?I6)N549QE,T=A,D@UY*@_?+Z\ONB$@Z=^_!S(Q[!
M$&77XRR3#7?-`1WM


8P
MO
]D4DM6)J.+F
:%%H]^/\


#7^YV@ET2]Q
M^D&:SJ=EP9

0M!`^WE^SW7P
MK*]9^JEY34SZ6Z:FE\/K


M?


MF\IW#)

MNXR??617[U=?F4'K.\PA.]@_/E?BT#4?
TU0K!00%!ZX:91_A2JPZ+0O4O
)H6^#1GU;P`QY_5]$`HP/\:<'/




FYXWM

M[3C]72U36E@8'-F4

28X2`+*XY
V_-M1WJ^[UE-[.\Z/W8&1#

[A^GIT%D
BC^<@9
+(5Q


M#OBP42_

MTKOC7.MN;&^B]_TD(1A)\E#:AA$H[&R?!LI!=W



?4R@NS?H(



HO&9@DEW6V688S$)^



V7'_&O



MN.UL62UR1



M#/.




AFTD.N9TG']24A!
/3
M#?&5O7M_S;[0C\Q=:

M+N*LH3-62SPLB5PE


MKVB7FFWX6R^^Z`2BZ/*R

M^_519?;S^M/+O'^/H]'SY3`=)6-]
;T:/8;)[6
PG
C);+?_Y?`Z3**X5QR;

3

=$F-&W4T_%$^K(*C0&HBU9W6P\;C`*_2!*_LR.




23AG=@7

S:*!V?F;7Q7
K&P12A7+$UZO@SC7X=1OW_

M-69*RR5:N=(U?


A/D*0;$R!`7CBZ3GV;#0VB:2#D@2
MMFW?



QBMNLIF\NYGZUCE\(G





MQ


AT*4S0TP;5@X
M2$
ZR`0;Y@IA^%@Y
Z%B759$!4(12/Q6Y8^?=/U5%@UEE8ZW\2CHORB/C-/1




ME

MK^6Y0AJF0(3[$
`)^*

TT-*8HLJ;%@.YWEBE;U[;ZIB4(0S[?-0.HO`RZ
F





!3'H0PK20

1KW&\N-$:UZ


AF73]C&M4
MK[[78@$U61WCICG`&AREGY^2
.A=#?\

MP-`00IH21/9MFLBY@KA4&D=


SNJ_-O86WDF8L*N


]Q=$V'NB9F&

N@`1HVTEB(P3[



4,_(''G8.8!I/ITI21*(T:$U]H?D.
+]ZZ&(M]?T+J$0_'
R<#1R&)ZZ04`.M0+#_X7;K#
M0V#J$M0E&4HS_-#C25G*,+0S3`4\7'MN3`]S2J=D+$[G&.!#-XR;1V(N@&Q
M
E!TH&)O#D#!E`Q'$T)F858,9^GZ2^MKK#N/[W1*/S6`1+2`(^:2_T^8*VJ
M@RP1C-R](`7&[E4$(3XI






S







=07T*_(9[

GDL4

:?YDY^;S/7#T3U?7


^URS[D9LKD!S8G$@)'&\B^$!ZG&X2RO[Q%Q_-D=3S[\^%WG

MZ3N




5

MEYQ&D/SUT:C99JX3VZ6W$H]!-&)-=(O#;-2G:`MWBWQ&C,US5#*W82JZ;NE
M?.PE,R2U&Q)!$'J\*#!#TCW:N(E?VH/@1F23D/5OCT+G:4Q]*)HC7$Y//`7



M5

F.V2GTZ(5R@7JR:+24V6E?0+0AJ2(T_:J@
*ES'(A

5L
MPI3(



LN^)._@*/W[J^=_]KKFK^=7$^!V#D
M#0_GOE0\\Y+9G1B
+F/YW3/91^4'1R1KJM0:SPOKXJ(FYR65U&2)&7#:G!



MO(A.I

MV129^5B=\N-QEL;MK'U*8=A6;+S

VV*4705I#
^\X[O

:_)E[T5TQ6&[\^Y5PS#
QL0J+IB
PC#O3
SXO&8^

MFWIY).1^=
R8NFZF%B78PW]:

M:@H1F32AMM@4MK1



MYF!98@HW0G^(2+:EMPW\NA=X9#J7A]SO^^.N`GV@/T^OHH=PQM9_.H5%0N






H
CE.A.@5\:U;*K11_O7Z#?Q45TKCBQ?!RLUOQ$`(]KB

M@9V*J%Y39*5F7%0).T(_=1H\81MX38_5YJ)*NZ


M-FMB-ZUW7K
RO



T`YR;D8..

M920]*7



-IF[TP@D]O)19'C([-JEQB]43


6)

K

M:?Q_%IHO)`OI0+$KW=RHIXP_1OV\I0@?6#V]0/CM\_KB^=KBE;EU_-LAE8
4P
(UY?M9Z=LK%K_.+PM2Z?.

(QC?`=N=;6
MX#41BI8
=$64`+($!#0)J@!JEF7ILN)(HMZM


M$]QW(#R[&W


\_XH_?SJ]#='7A^J!]IDS[?+)P




M#
?OR?U

.34




F`Z4@/^P2X
;8JI0XK
O1-)M:U!N
MAD[.ET&*[AN-WN8O#_\U`):?=V`@#

M)X(U9Z:&S9HU=KD

M:OOC
H8O2V'


8[61+;

H


M\PZOVVYWFZ90YG*@PKQHYJY)G/&N5E






FS&8W)81^A'0]3N[0&((_^'`1H/`]X5/$8Z$#W$#Q4B#

M!V_T(X\2(FZL]8-W5I.$?YNK17;+'U#5%%-6R9*&69B.
=#-.3&'-)&AYPOF

/=`\4S]

=NG*9:-$N?8BEVB.G!`#PT)7


MXJX+*ML1&`&`3N!K\



M`46NM*HTD

5ZO%BY9'X;:=-[0_`RK9(ZXQBYAU!
K_D06H1
MF!2O`JN-N/0BI$48(*:HRY7KAR+T;MAT8+L+6M^*\=ZUPA




:C'KMP:B9GTXQQ91K*3%M!P@
9ZKABT2T._V


].N+H.7=MS-7<1I<
+LG77Z443
MF[3;2]:S;8&KM2&+%4O6D)!BE@0@=&XX61`32Z1!JA__`+#`ZS[O-+L/\==N


5F
33B9A#?DMR220:9-PQ%!Q(C=

M%EXX.V'
]OAH1C9+R1?6-_+&0


HFY&A=K






M4[
]:.4%=HS\#3(K?O6[L-'O@
I.+X;S9NY#=[#5VEC%L%BL.%0L#6?
.7


]5FV)OA;7/#EKWN5*?(


UCOG`


YDZ^K
MWXU+UY;&Z;FF7:OJ_!:7`@@1\2^
#:WB1@06`B@R$G.
`-&`*T@L!!`5W9P
M'-K!JR@\Z!+S,R#(41.&`Z)AEAH
]SH
':LK





MSER'_WN-SK\'X??K3S7^U[-:HPT.^J]G)NA+[I[/S)/-8^^`TM&3H_KW:Q2Y

[XP?SV[5QAKKM=O=/X\';

M:@RXJE'KCY@&#[@U?(.;S+.#N!D_W

N&H
3MP_






MWO1?YJ.%KV$$@1:)'^9+P2GM@RVO@W,['DM&@!VB\3U9FC;IR1M1^4V(CP\
M[)MT]9:?\1?^03)G_4_H=/_L-WJ_GN7_EH?%P:J-4@G^R];O+U,&AK`(\P/



MB9]KWQK]?\;9(G&G]'RY.3GRP=%X_4_8=];EN)B]00ZN1!Z?6+Q?@K?]D%+'
M^]M+P!ZWG)S2\WM-SQ?.@BY+

P1



MY[\^OOJ]LRS_-FB#M#STVMWGN&^JR*17MB1S_WZ+FF$E$2;/OGSO3CBWXE-?






CTC!!9
B1Y+OOKMZI)2623DBB)DNA%7C)V3
NLZNJJ

M#U\6A\^.//PM
5T8@99Y
GO%2:S%II^!
8$6&K6ZY:L[(8T%Z+C7Q8W*!!42


&P;RAWBS&J\;XS
3Q_S
MQ;)85%A\V/KI).^-8=T]!6:DB2631(8:+F=F)8FL$D08#?\W82%<T@_@3`0?
M*ZTI!@%-3+@FM=<AJZT^6+W<;5=PE?=XH=VX0SMY&^A#!63(E9$48D:*%#$
MACHAS2*95IRRTKI^/E==/?PP\OT=?D#^Z^JD.Q]45_9%#_&194@,4-T_0F
)MH&1MHB]<&9OW.\!UKK[/MMM@[]6DV^9?+



C`8LT39=/X5]ZGGZW7L#_EX.EHN)T\3

[S=57(M3DA
]K4D;LO


6:SRH2E7LA^^])U8BHM;BX3
M1#`JJ4
M

MOIBLOJ\#
N8U3^ER-'^DJ\^8X[V2]Y?M7C_@)[W93EN@UA7(4K+1:D)6#F



+X?R'C5.8

KJV]NUHP3#RY05ZCJ;+9\L9!W+
M^H!W+JKZ#CZHK/3#P1&7-^C-B%I06P%9J$#D)@4.*4).0AR%/J8@4E65+

:


M+Y-Q7N3$'XJ:&GS`#3T:








M6

M7VH?

1GNM&WY14E0JJ

I[%3)
M.EW/



*R]E?PQ9A]3U.B9R]5;/





MR1*NP




M0FT4$4%!HX9PTB3@$1=6A:D
UJ%2S7Q-VGSW\Y=9#KPP&\L0[*'[&.H/'*8
M95HZ&X-D#KI(HKW%]3!%.\:JEX(UR&&E6*:OI-6L+A-=]^M_08]&HAC!9(





&55+'#D,VM6JI(RG;
MBQ?\?CU^=6IZ%U5:W_/5]BRNL2T_55FV39C!3(6(E))1)+$@C@QE9!0\92$
E(B;^50)]1=53D/6)VY)?0_J
M9#_E%=;^




IB(N'4^``A3#^5=CS@7/`N_%&.3T
M'W

%J;[%:31=NXZGX6*RS%SH+-J9TW(:C254S3_X\9@_^#Y?/)^\B.K`

M)5/@OV)[?Q+%)(J9)J%
512G?)8;O!4LRMQH'BJ,T-.A%,2&8+5?QD-%7$
MJ\&I=)O^6(\6;Y1*,7_`Z4YQ4?AE)662V-$
1*K(O(HH1$PFBB
Q8%X/48
M(^PF7/`GFNK[0)HFION!_`FHCCZ'DWG])Z8:@


LIM=@F&I;EW@.OBT9
M8#2'[W!WMG96U^JCRJ*L9*FT84*R5`=$F)0#&V1(=**%8$Q;Y.8V7D1-;8#J

M


MW)C#MCD%6^(NOCGKEES`X1U2.L/0CJP6JOO/I+^6=IR:2(+H%!`U!1;J_=

MFUWUOEC0K9_






MQ^Y._Q1K,CZ:CQG]R\NE$'TL+WE:NSGL6&=5'#PFV75%2(F-1IJ#/P]`!A
'CIJF)76J):*:?,1$5`-=2=5?BUTEV@22
M`'NVI_D`\(H1.]`<D_%7YC/E+6!Y?DYG)&2HW<:1D\E;P5MH]&H(P%ZYM%B










LR+2L
M;C



.D6]


:FDP`(&&`]O1:
!4+M%-P_`
)G4?
M
1U+Q:*&O7DDKQ#Q-J5.F

YF))\7QY1&E-AK
M1ZE5O(C7G[B1#+\T8G`9
6^D\@]-


%EQ*AL;

M`=^$$+DFI=YN-#LI)B1?)T(^L15BRI6(Y8(TP:64-F-#M@Y6(4V
L2'1AFR=
M*!ZP

M(@:7$:.\L2&!






F@9B@D%@4^2Z&C&1R4QQ`VBVY6)FBD./VGK@`3_8Q@31




1EU^GE;BSF6U8
M]SI=DRD^P^5DBO=B[\;^:KQ\67_'OH_'_)5)'*7_DXVFT3SZQT_3Y?+QEP]

^/

MMF*6GO-R


:@AP-]ZO/?0

1ZL_552C%*#S[?+:926/]53
M8(A]V0
P?H_21/Q.+V&@(PL

.#5OB&C;W;?-Q`@2)\II`0::F+`8T0_
6$]

7$M_WR




MQOG




MN6D4
'<UOVF_2C410_\<V=V:9_XF_A
MMO5SQ@M$F)K,M[9,)`;WZ+HI@*HHB4FS-


B:*73`7Q]=(:W1\FJ'*!64.C!:]3R-8/
MT*A70Z8(:/K;C5D.%/7*Q!0!ROGE:/T`##*H8E$W10`C@&(_/J;1*%[;PP_3

+_HS#E/\D+GWH,IQ[AYQV*,6^[)E#1]1%25\#<C,-I
M(HKW@S=]PT+PR:8;LM/YVTTQ#18MF0C7SVS^ZG91.W_[A$R?]6_@<97?A

JLKC@*/J
D]/O




O1HM

7


PH5X
M[?=DQO


+N]-4@2:.-^N:.+_LG=N



M)6\Q:.`@/?#]KIBR&N0=3XH.+]A%BT==BK6YS3;QE@$.._YF$H)-&!(?:268


O#
MKR^;$P5#5R8@RL.Y\%LUGS2(=.IJR$7V/Y;^6:1


MI.V
JIVQLY^JS@E5=1U7E;@)`M=#MI0N2MSP8@`:C;ZR']7&;+56WN9D534P


MON)BS$%/=L^+62VRBY3P@LH_FR9@Z




+.U0X
;)J'JRF[3W;$E0GJCB*


MFSY@9

M$W



E[6C]@A8'H+


+OO-'EUB4ME

MV464VV+)XX8H`C


1:*WX75H^P:
S0

M\1$3


MG_6&C%6PH';25(5:DOQK5O9S7L*4#LLQ/!CS
LF_5Z/2WB)O$ZS8BO@1N5
M%35+9\D(O%A=L6_39
B_)IF8[A&FT4/@SO%J8,H,`T'ONP![5.DMNZCX/M
W([&@D_4F#5A@[+0S'61;NP/



@5[4XYC'GI0?]5CGUY(=]RLJ?ZR?U6#8HFC?N3Z]`%)'TC_8)
M_F#I0(976`EOLO)MEY^P^05+.^7LVN5'-8Y6_+N@\Q-C]V$?D8/7WC6#'#
L



M@8WFEBYJ;$PR=24VEP2*/MHXU(M]6950=PNB


J.'3%X8RT*W
5:?
MISP)S_


M4
E3)64G_;MN3KN8HQF5!?*TUNR)58E4ZCH1158




M/`L;%MCF%UZ/QCF?
M9C$_AP\#6-`&Z]O?6E%2T]@!(T+5HQ@$)CXD9OL1][





CT

M4O\M#GV*+2_UU.(KA;M)N=X2LM&]4U=#+K+_L?3/(F5B9750A_N[4]AEB7Y6


'`[`MMHHN9*$X;8
M0C/71;HT':29K#2CAW+0C
%_.E`L-(DG1P':\G!@W3ZGO2'L)$2T]4+S9&)
MQG%HQ!0(&U*C5


M8H^2\GN_VQ[M;F^X8-F@:-ZX/YT7ASW6)Y`-[F0'EUD7O


LZTNC!6-Y%%-V-XQ
M?5W'QSK



G+KOP=JFP^Z_

2E1.;PCVR
ML88V437%SFT-%VOH?H2-[H8N:FQ

_ZFD]Y
MR_%TSZIOH-
=+\L;P4?+V

AK28L.8TRNI02&?



6&-

47:SH3(B\/X.5(@#[V9#940L?A4JBY%6
77K$D@JR_D;K':X:)[Z
MQOA`).-AUD_RZUJ6KS2(%(]&D6M).3XI]UQ4PP[LBN!;QXU'%4]6P_EF?H






.3DS#@?GMFBG





?;/5XJ+8_3J0WS8DT5:$#YO#86F
(M2E6%L7





F/D9IL
M

975RY^

6S!V@Q$2XFD[;VR`
13
KBB_BP8F_U#KW]F%C4AL
M$Z1M@O2I$Z1=F2%#XC;]4SYUM_00Q+_?;M-;I=VFW_U__4_?_JKN^U81`(
M_TE=P\98*7M9^K@R4CK84\B8#T(2P]*L]+_?Z=4:U!LW6%+W5OR\+]X/SQBM


IYZI!4:?SFYF-45
M0RO1#[)7M]GROMSO\HMI&U'I7=:/9VP%V'IAY%,RWM,O3GB-R#!8H;\J4E

MW^P+T@F`

M#W+3=+4ZP;BR8_V56;\:S52-&.8+S'$./)%0W$`

3
Q
C


MO[VNO-$S89P&_H]'[]^='HV([P8SZB]^/'J\/Q[?GU]?'_WMKW_\PP__=GP\

MW]D(/OWS;'HS^O#N_6BT#

_



QIXW





M+F@](:AF=X%'74KX)0\I]$UFCYS

M80@R!+%KU`\6]

M4#W#+7LZ!(]X?IA%'IG



S+/I\&VLH!;I@M$*3
9G!-Q;2WP1-
M^[JP.!0_P)@-+!;*R3P
NMF!8KQ8




MAJ##S'RA9C_Z##XO?/H;F4&I
^*3.56&2:LN55J9R)
X


2'[KA!$34W0R
MOPG\Q0-AJP/)0CT-2G%A]!G0?B:9&\BUST


MF%+=&']VJ(__=@.[+BPJ?H&3\+IPA=V(9XZC?Q$9HM^2O$!J=2-;3;'N0F


M&U&S;G6LE*7E!IL-;0DX'*Z@#@8_P4_]OU7YG@'EKV*JW9TP5:&1EFHJ/



M800^7T@(:A(-9M1-2



MHE6Z.C[Z
\*^!/XY6H





BGH
MT/O0@%3$N!U8+EKV;!80ZF6C4_]#@R(-TEL(9S*PF'0EP5!HU`M./T*&WV;=
M.&SAX+I$13\ZF1QEZCM;6B&BW'T!AG.\@ZTL*5^`*NZ&?Q05(A-57`A'N:$

M8E08@



MG@2ZE-Z=Y


B2MA4
MU'B&2\%&
&;;$#G





M8[*9B9^&\9C

AG2GI;4X4!`?1`'#*(QG*^I3'C+Q

MILMWT




ZAL6@7Z0!-



TV&JG%F*I77O#K_T9K%INJ5_T@KW
MK-\$IUDL'G^!3I$8L4L8JR/Y6_O&U;7E^
DO=
]!.A;2-RB2PN9D_8DO!4!V
M&7$XN2#Q_V76GC9-Z.(1=




4#:F'8

F*ZZ3](1B[OT:4$6F.RAIN&C2@




ME]=-O1#_AL#G9753G2]/:72/HE-``U9J&M#-'QH$)_/6BW:+%K1SB.F_)L+S





'S:;W
+S)O77YHMY71@J

MDK7U&TP-`\](DK-_PZ]A4#`K$ZH?#Y9'Y)
G5#@XGC$



.WIS

4*WFW]
M6TAE.T(JEU()Q*0/%#ORU`8V!;UIU5Z'%#L5=YE[$]_*NV&M**N8$#TOC4W;
M




I?0QXMFLMKFLQEM4Y_U:D6V[2@
M8\/?H:\5,]WHEBB12SCV3




M_



M2.(TFHU'^V6C`?\6F?T[R$$#`+H$HC3=B!#G15R2D`))!IG]
52)[U*/9D[J


FGDY5&M^$!J]^-K;32=0.N\U'%2IO$\
)55&FM
M-&X.#Y'LU&.EU7/@62=1*ZPTB`XO615GBM3V0R/V/[YHU\J&[/MEJ8:6O?L
MW_&;S6(Z`(V^QD]^=N$:Y^'+*HZL3:LK-
G(R




-K






MY)Y?3NI7H7P!R
^$.0MT1XI60M_BCU#R(4BSCN9#
/^*W7V%[N[#P/UE$I?^



'I.^Z.UZO&7%C
M3Y$IMF7!$ES'P9L;LNS&UM*MLHQ^LP=IGW3KUNHJRNU?J^U9HC.2T19R1YA0


MEM3AL+-/29XJ


M7:14YCO;J*J24&RYA


ML.=?:;@LF)SWSC[7


M1W9-Y2L_T!6N`:9DX3#T6+US8
+A([%8SK;M+`41M9*YHGG(8-[.@]6*AJEW



M*HA@)
\V24
ZCK.Y(S`Z]Y8EN(Y=H@O1KD$0A32EUQDB+T:Q%4P'$6YN2;@
M9I@V*



2[E@P
O(+]$*YPS`<-[E@L35!?_$0'4PR,MUI'83Q_)_.S(%QB38<O@OJ


E04!

@



5%)[5&PMM';V&HIQ-+UE\P3%C^``CMAEL\C*)X\3X


M





M=3YX010[@5OI2`=C=?W\M[_][5/Z:[DU@6
/;]'R_?^F$_X[#GVT0*MW*<0_QOL=

M;U.HW[^CXWY?W%8IM/%B1
9!Z6Z+#SOW$VWZ23C:IZZP+DC/WQYCLCWI'//5





3A_MYZC+M!JQ3^E)



Z:-]5ZA

&G'\B=R&KYY/

/@^1.Y]*
J


@A663R!CD



4+LM2/K\YN1L3M
MM$4W/7Y?



1

QYS7^G9[L=1FYF6LCB1PU_LAL`'NZ


$WN9^IEJ]?7[

TC]4RV/MRO!



M.3X`=.




PPIAY[F49W7[0Y.
O
7AV\[$MMH!4TRTC9BU*A!P#[)FLEAB=[T6CC





5):1003/.8B@?'H_$ESLZ+'9\*
MS6&63)F'7'-'$'P.^2;8





M.T+@DULTRKJ4V9O'X]_X[4&AOR.DO25_-H)=-`2%-S4\-\&:-8*!\Y09S*.T
M'ZC;4QC

M9[A*

MO1`3
OS]_9?W[Y*(`!?N


M[5_L1TUH7HP_5?[,952.A08_YO]&'-Q^YNQN/$]#2I/L
ZGF/WQ=R54\;N



%LE8PN#)K*MJYGZ%8V5H$'PO1

M5(AYQ:K-W.#U$PY^=J66M@^S[XFVL.Y459#&Y%W?-VGJL1




A#?VAM
M!.3S)(YHWB#RP

MIKNPPT`@@[@LZVN'ZE\=XSI3;(?JOBVF1[;9#K5[6RPKS+4=JG(95*4T-ZJZ

MR


M;[M*;2\LEYNUZMD!O3L'AVQ=
.))

:T@J':/XL*?DD.M:AMP*#ND?%,?!P1;)BA7R,6(O'WT(21_$R8R]+VE
MZ'U5'\<<;(5WO;`+6Y=CI/R%6'G7@AY7Q`M!NA[*YK]:1;]C)9KU%1GJ?NX



M=:@SBJPIW_'-,?X(W))4T%IL8Z#]KG&&0P/R;/ON?/5N&Z5EJYNW'KIF2#
M:C.201BGK)7FC2HY9I_[-//A:[M-6;U-6S
=FU0T$)P+G-`.(Y_.V%PWQC8(
M


M9TKQTQN\Z2H7@E6Z8X5P







8X$TJ^A/X+O6NK
M-[$XKZ2H#TAZ&L='!VO5\:JLZIU+E.<@I30$,(Z%/FN^FK\&$<;;S=;$99%
TK%[-A_?_)DD-5TS%<\?!M.#RA/#V+G0OBQYTD+/K
5EEWKB
M


#@/O

MT#6PH%G][_9!='D4D,:-3X2ODLF%R+2J?N2\W`KUC4F!9&-8M$Y3I@1
R:
R&YJV'$I13'T91UX\:K%I
MS5/^\.*D\Q,H\&B&+\XIW*2X-NJ.ZXYAZYK*4*)4KGP-0@'K
1GPIJJU:7C
MA1A5&!P&+ZN*)U0:U\=DNW7PGD#OK0-OY;E.$

_U4'0=Q=Z6





M2;1X2
O


G!O@U6(MUEZ9!UL
M/IDKV2:IP_!-B!$!XMK!-$*=*8D(6D



\ELT

'+);/3RN][N_'/4'2[W1'JDRME?Y+^FZE`'1@$D%I$
M77&4+(:H?QX8:GF[';DX?W:I4_S)0?+]$3O0ISEXV`5^5'L?$YUQ2:#S3`&


M3U#^]%TX/BWL^KA!B

MW5=ZG6J



M`235
YG@!#8A9\)O;S7TYV#*!5/A3X9/6%6`Y+M8R7C-/U@F82U
4J$/:2-4
M`UP3J@JSP+:A2CQN([:BMJ5?DXK=7)-A6XSY`HT--D
MZYPSKN#6P1:Z;VDF



MJH-%3
N)ASB/40!74$@(K(U\3BZ6
]EJ2X+DSJNL):\(I'G9%YOYK7S[
219

-HTO3-3I0QMA6L%^EG@(/&R=\R3.


MD9S%




U


MA4%VF_/#-0$D\IGK)MLD#3VY0CN


^-B



M4?1SD1$X]D/!^E
8+E\]GY9@OPUB)UA[9(72XNS1Y8:FKHIN@TL'XSTM@[0-

MT3Q/1






PP1S98'Z*)R2H/&QKXY4*
MD(YDT!P52


97K

H(1&/[B^$FVL7T_?*4;1A8S1D]-)H'\
F6=@/D0C'(KC&0V@F08]\0?[I



MB
$=:$!W%99OE&6CQY-OW11T@(=?E-.+U=(`B



M]^


M\U7&6C84?V(TU;)[Z?-]'#?GQW

MW$)/QB.^5%]CL.)+7=SFIL!^1W6-6B'-78;$2Y`FB866(




$.F?]]7651Y;2



`Z9_'0VFG!.


.GKMR4I;GQ7GBD;SV<X;C?!O?D@B8






1OK;?



1M(6AV$V+DK8/+-%N9NY=BB*_2N&FJH_[\


MQR
Y#TXV
XOCC
B%?X4BTHJN^RBAYIL@U(##M%USP)+J7)YA9[(I&$*!J5
(2J@7H=J2M!U%
M/_2/CH\J4Q+&,?W6#&_)XR_)2_@ON9D66L(#:]<)+T`CX8!0%7^8E5=U=6#


MSV)EE!N
8^`NQGW@W*AZM\-S5HAU:S'6#H=91=P%0K`=GK%2.URDCK7#]57Q

$L


MSR@M=%SSK+4F.04SN[T*+&DE'90K@8G:**NDVJ)3M$`N174YB_.&M\%E&$2A



7[
&AD`FMM


0=4XA,/[A!6X9D'-)00S*+)*?('OLE#
MT:%+V2]D'BR02X1QLHDNG,@#<0890Y)\9@XZ;K/)#6`R*Q<2C2<1S%!N.QG#
M.YN.+_;YGS][)
7=[._0R_(%^PDR
Z!!
M&0LG`]ID0+/)BE3/IV=#B)HRFA4I$MXP*'5+J
EAS&



@FH/*$8PE.NJ)F72BS?4?2&Z3\VM88#VWQS\.XIODF`94(I
M9?I-II7)M%))/TP.\.%*F]%$XRFC7&SM2-Z(T69


L64AM#-B`[Q9<:5F\$PW


*K'H97\7S

M)CWFI



'B/_.?






M@

7K\R@E+4


XK1^_&&S]\O5ZMD!O3?WTG

MR!ZG*D5R%M*E?`K)-5G!+XSB^S#^!XH)EN$Z\/XLV+4V]&HUWZBH1S@9+Z2/


1NA

5P2SH+#]0@:0L/[

M=MS?




`V?-F$2.<'RZ17Y


B'0:]L0T]T(A)M





=E
0\5S$




B-I

KS!]7[71E%UARJY0)4W7
'8P'_6QA;'#*\HD


MQ1;8K0B_

M&WQ

P'TSZL_4:




5.L0GI?I$]D0R_GR64Z_7%[D^C^746H2^
M3ZX:^F/_)M/9CG=`#@9V=E'3%FZ@59#[5990/3)SAT8

M(W0/ZH#WJ:KJ`(V-I_^7+/E(L
Q-Q2']5!(J.+J[GBZ!]O,B/I#L532TX^3
MM@



MT60JK&&BFVH_M.])?7V^&8@AU*_GEZ@86K5WAFF



8]F/X\N]E4)*$6K0Q;!CI.:$Y;2&A%!2;L^9K*,8G4L6E14Z3;31#'%
MF7[[8E(:DM
2G+(@1L7J6#4@E('`LGZ?7O7*A5KY\GLIUOXBO`!J:UWFA]C


J!+R8AC;YQ='W0IF]7L#8_K@3)EX[F]46]]$*;DS6!OP%H/
MAF9X\'+/AI%E[*#A+VA=CU0IN*29&^
7`^4*;L0V9M^JH\'FW&4H!)%*::6


MQWE0HM/







L]D94T@


PU0PSR]5-5Z

M1L2K26
&I_O)]&.FK7F;7A4^JU9G

SV
M=EF


MG70G)UD#3'(\D/.37#KK-






S;]E
HW1FAQ7R*VO)N=E[M*0AE
MGS14UE/7'-5@1UCM7`DCM8<=8;7J!:Z9[:<`AD`80I`F`(0I@$*0!AD`8
MGB93`




++I6(1SD=K@?P+6I^+A&:6-UVQ`%_.


M/OADT2AP-5&TYG1?:P@*KS#%6;71Y(MOIBC/Y^MS-0A+3H'/:BJU\.I20'E7
ML&ACPYH.I9X1R-/@CF-\SW7N95O5/%6ON#&[D\L19`@.'S[2QVAR\?+-&^PK
M(D^LGJ1O*_S@A]]2DBG+#79Z

MWYEE6GI


M=I8L[M#?/)932R%_V]S6WZ.)?V?!SC@TI#8N)=+H7E]I007S&0CQ?K-GSZ



\MJ
M.HT`&GE.N-;@D_1.OQG6LZ%7BLI#-#@0E!:54PK*2U,&W?(&16@`L6D86



9&J\X*V(#;;QTZN5`S'M%[2
PORS6
M]&;VY
8*GOK!+!*WT!B.NB+0L.\9TQ]DU!5_AJ4O(\YLU*5\!K]B6]1J&V/M
MF




M1RL`K-J1=Z8E=88.6RVDA_
K&2=R*V-BV2H2E3W25
S-+(6.KD!=
'_#*5!W
MM2UBF0GEY!JJ9@I?'D*7VY-^^$$&BOJ\5E&9'Y$BGEV6%MIS-`KC3I&4$SF
M-J+J


T@@GVQ/4Y3AV*AKWK97`
UPOG($D9\FT
PP
M;KP5A..Z/;*$46!



(0:80Z`T
I
Y9#*'


:3-MXL*8O'



M)(JW/)?KEH.`V%@*$.]1_!/9EY3B-V3W7Z'(6P?IJN#_3!S?6^VIR$I.\HT?
MOOZ
EFN.OEKKT

Q%:GU
ME88`QC'UY?.S=TKYMA)U!K%JIK&#E-QA0`1JM#9;2&@%NV1T28(;1`KN]$

MT^4\'
<Y(=+&GGVC.!L_U=C3YZ@.1C0ECY*R9;$J7X<Q8[9N$
M

MFVP7B$B


(1&UU'L;2DOF!W6@Q2/*R_/;7!/X+\AJ^SX_T`.SVE!


MZU/I#G$ROCEO]/T3NBM5VX!`F;W28B@K;;2L?77-
EUWNG19(8OYZKCUHLOP

8L
M=1L+Q(N
6EM$B9OSW\&@$^?T*+70LA
6:-G^/9/OK`76?R#?#U_;@ZO4']II



=#7D%


M


EYT<6.<$0

_#@W.RR&'&ZFX%;V8^:)8_QHS/:C64*UJ+LV?SV9D!?
MNJFE


MIF/7TY1Z:
\J`%2A$K;#SZP3\HVTDF*:?^

##A[ZT**&
'17!1%QAM&<G?9$G;'E<MJ4)H)

M+VR;H2R6[-YF8/:08'?C$

M];1:3$PN_1=48CD6**LJ$A)YQ#V\1D);5]=1[:&$2(O:9410$4;M4BJSKHJ'

'(
0A])&0%&ZPA

MU6RSZ
83B)O;@^3

](6=+/Y9-FDS5




M-WC^8#9?JB


M`H?[$

89`




`EK?B/R98(%]Z?

F!EM42%.(C8R2\#7FM

M:#9):C:8^MHL[H#Z+7##(8!+%/.!!'_TS/0;A/.5&]PQ[+/QIO/.CF&?34LE
M./E


M'X3-[ZD/J@$+:2GMLAEN%HA=(F10^:F:6\NR+;!SIH30R_71XN=)O6F?G8(
MAW@3ADLYR!K[Z(&,'$8OV5XY'MX+8*FW@MS'[;-'#\B_.*YHL2/S*:`
-.M

^=I@



MXED4(6[
X.%'*$TF_IGY!,^'M-3(`PYX[764S;+V7G'AY+C^:R9]?Q8C0S
M(_!ZABW!':P%/4VA[N7[EXB!4=W8;^\U[0
KL3&A1QDIUA$M4';H(Q34
A


@+9!%(;2+Z_9E-)-GK..TB:=;B]^H5.



ZCP59

MD]S.9.


]MD`!.:P^79]Y
'
W'GI)

M140NJ;L




M;2!7P4!E+#VKDGA_.FD$Y$\X3'9W/HTZN$).D'[[F4C#7K.R&?!BD.`:KG

M#=








^?_4?




ML9V]]#`C(_0@UV@!FV7R9YC9A&NIJ:RP?52M=9-;
K*E%L\-GJ2`4EE8
-

E`2BAJ*V(<JG!4VXQEGP8,P6;C@ZM<R57(E5&1Y<LI;)=FC




`0_&A%
6]YL

MCG=AE)6!I+S.)3G4Y(XB5Y07GH:X*734`B.Y+^/-

B
!B^$G46H

MA$/EB3[
B!.P[2;IO__?4'5J3




K01F3370\]4+ADL=ZQ*QP\942YG
\



MRYML
6V+8%^B@
D6UK:T*C.Q)IM1V^)W(DJ8;#)MBZ)T@0#S[*2Z4!:D]C?5



M5@--/JDLS559IDGD$C=.








/-O3J'L)2



M59


ZI:J+IZ
M.XS0A4F1(-(/O,E^2UIQ5F?_3'9GTDJ:-G*$R1Y0<L3I5YD![C*E;?/TH?R


OA@L(0Q%#WR-<2G_!765137
MOTX;\#6=#.)]&2OT<UCM`VWY_7M-P8/*7G;;QK6I)D<HQ6X);-OOUFXC6X.
MW.:K&VOMV@0;_!`UOC.*.CAPO\4A;U*Q!0N^SHMF4J@8A51+?IJ'/+-J`@

-I10U$65!M'3QH8Z$35!:V)T^D.V


M\_K%X)Q_]82R);'
:I@;-L6_?Z(@/1
)@OSC_P=02P

MV]^Y``$`'_P.`!4`'`!W=V%V+3(P
3
Q
C

M!Q%3=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``U%W[;^



MED8/.YYO.&:F(1.6UU2;3J=G_*_!TQ[^['$I=\3D7A(P$`J?8/_J18_UV*]Z


P)M%M'$
):-/QO:*Y8N^@WM)RCNDW.&A;].19;`5[



CY)&!+(@D@8?(O$269)R_CT9OB.
MS1?QX&.T$?2)0O9X#\;6F-OHPK'H;]PU+9^P
IN



M\J1U+WDFA*@G.MWZ^9&A)M\(WI`ZZPP_GA4/=4YXCKDAJG2\F@A!EU$T*1
I<72
M@8D_*F?*YL./`%OK.S*6?

M;QV3+-&S\2XP25CPO-P^.-\(X5F@R53+

MT;6^'G
VQ!NPDD;Z%IESPX9Z\
M0Y['NOS8CU;*@,YDE!:(5IAK#O5W6X.%R*(;XB+\XEP;KD/+,:^@#QZ6L&@






Q/E-I7^`R3M









K#26[.BNW@2W33\'H'_F&

M)':K$5ORN3.)KV5V%V;!-E^=FI08GT;&3B#S^!4&V\K3=BM:24U4I:8(?QN;

E:[1#&O0L=6O]/H037L
M;4+!M&P/QYJ^X0I2*I]&@9H\1J%.,V`FC`A*D@2N)^\4VY@M+[MV?.QO





M/3`!LBG=V'9-DNU5/&T
0







LDP.)(`@E*6+1X:@X=_BV7W8R
T=G86]%O/R380_&5++P





X



M%7)IDI2ZHRM\*5UN5])`

M$;#K78ZDEE1LZ.!LEK2U8G9+`&%7:2$C&ML6]2JTDGG8=DDBNC67@\
.WK



^F\X:-:M1
-M$KUG
M1)N
]1I)ALON5'YI@%8XMQP1[2%II0%DX912#+D#V21#4L%
DCA+97%_299S
M[!CQL.HJ!Z1'1^%7U&2@A0
`2HMDIX@6
_NA`TCM*4\$P='8H/#DI4.U!H

X.M=-
MZ4+J^@&?-^H0]&M'&'U)'`];_+)AFF_8K3H+Y+K(TL2CIUB$6E87VB4:UP-]


$+#/

6QL+]V]TXD*WQ

MVO]_/]&_H.!=PN#VLTE5OB-@F/.


$CX;
M3X]V9S-Y?'3-?TA)A@L?(MG!

UI\LV?5J]I9XLD-\
M%MIE*=96/8

MS7#_1/[-VK&\XAOEA=K)GY*O-DKTZ\YP.II

MV_`\O





MZ#I1.913*E




M[CC\4;-

Z#

M
;@


M.]?J0





6M*7&8?+

JU?W#IFV;@)5
''(BKXN)8AC
B%MV$B`OF!?7HX2J.






'*0O.'P
-%DY+2Y)M1AF+.L3
&1CZE=UAF&:;[POH_J8&3KO









G8,0*DV]0`PE:&W7LSGSM2!43TKD9:KC!/A/+&

;P%(F[3WNK/SF.X3$;#M-@:N[)]3UVUYZ[Z-V_32D[N1D
@\NW@;T.C
MW$1U0E;7
3Y&S5-)HH?UCFP%&H#W^\[S.HD%.8@)


CAXJS8*J/(R#J$K
&
).RDN!&YP11V
MXO\95CV;\/@B82`^.9-TN:L2/3`[RF/)L5


MM9I
EUEEJ.+55_PRK/Q&J#^H9)[J:-^0IMC:J076ML[`J#79&6ZRKMD5
$R+

M
!5%W)333-%880EL@]I(@A3N[V3]+6%4EEV!GYIEWLDF?U
X)8$6C@S);3


!DJ%



J

(1P!_](17A



T-_O-6@#
MW@*VGD]6:4?(Y:%$(





M9;V367]*C=Z6C

OK=S(8B\7C9ALQ(6C&Q^EXFD]
M







MM`ZFV


IQGTB`S$A!L.^MRW\6)'GD[?I//U69H?6

`#9^LZ2W-2&A0!;S^X\R*(XI4(DI$




4A6S6DT\@YN3P2QA$

HI`7@BL9S_8_+()'#9J!*Y/-9M
JE!


M]XF`0%O;+M+N
I.90*;=)QQZ+P3H+[APLJ&EDVEYV4#OWZP1.$5=;*H[/PKQ



Y-



M:PB\-O!8-W:Z.;'K



;VGK;



M/K`K$^

BF%XNY:)%UM%%%&3\/'7;3]39NT[RA

YTO1R8O2
7%[-M@--52ZQ:Z`)5OV


M`I__??9.QZY@DTLQCCVI:N#X=(2;VXM03-M@-V3Q2SZR9NSJ+!5Y@W65J:QW
MZ
3




M

M/R2F^:QWE1'?#J_JP=UVS^E@IFL]M68;BWR7F/S*S[Z8D(^=O?#Q+[#(-2

]9DRF['SO722S;W07CDA]'$IUAZB;!@^J-)/VBIJ=ELLYDWS6MD

MTXNV:&Y)

S$[/'FK46FTB(X?S2E0D76Y+^1-'Y


M-O4


M9Y@


FZAZ)1H(I6LN69KOR3/





0DB

AK).T/H?FSO=%TJ&LE%


MN

150KH
M5*'!@XQ-
MOO&Z1R]\+=:R$=
P9#5SR@`'7P#MT








9TTL4:A
MF/Y-:S']P7;W/.\^W`&



O0$89
M.Z






[7_$MFWHH^4K+BFGOOK9-[M



A1

EH%&[
MVBP:5F-(.')Q%@&VNWGR^QQ!F&ST@4E0EJ*S#7BYV^P`5^%0&OCC%]\QK*
M(N`=$?-ETUI!\3RG+5CK:R7#VWWAC*9=P!%$7C-XJGZP`T#1YRCVCFY64?WS

)YMI=TLSU?'Y7!L^NK:6



XUMHZ83NFS*I:I0.%7]UX^^SY3Z6_8Q(O

F5'HWE
M/AD:T2(QZ.2^)L5BT#X@#^`PIM6`SSYUZC

Q7I%#?AYFOQBTD+HT.VW17'FL3#$OCHTZ)88M\4^
M$QB1A)\


#LM`?J6!CN\_4
MFMP.MO^V%&W54`6BKN0E

DS6]HQ5Q#8I`



MX?6;RV[7:#H8)'S82

-LPI&_:.KEJT6J8?
H/R<^FZQID4G&(RC-^?D:1
MD8[
2#O.QK1'H1A$$J^8A5*A=F.E)VS]R@VO&H&67!]P&C-U9C6(E:NP5A
U







MGS6^H(T'A=S;U9:R6A1R=,.UK$H-@MEQCWTX_05R)(5-U@#5P^'@.PZ;





:H-FB`G2`Z&S6]:5#

M\IJ1#EJLWCN=K:N[0WB&X(*IV+_R*\+-Y[T*CWNA;TQ?-=?TO[Y.J6GX(/

\P#C.MXNKHG?,(+N/@(Z'I16S&*2MS

.YC`UMUUYAS




G59!=




Z99AINZ'U_R9Q(2K[VZX:YT_5=R*(2Y2H#H4


M#563H7IPQ-0`.A87/O(![X

[7;-9/

AN^'4(NR5O[IZ?!+(J!/

M=\@C!OL&4FQE_*CAM:B(7Q)WH)\2!\G]TA@R1HD2RAZM=`GRL8VDV3/QZQE_


@XJC'E0UHJ
9I*&C*6&
M8SK$2:?6Z

M^U$K^
LW_-FP84^?PYHFCZQAB@'`D?)&7\=:SR+MI3![2K.5
WH4GW36PC0!

E/_*5J(6K(G4YGZ]72<_!<L&(2J:GY9EL/N&0
M2T=

M!#O-3$*2JO=*RX;0*N`/P0=

=


MWQZU3BO6B2K5&C[LJ

M^OW9B_'O+KVR)PAV$2O-Z/JO9LI/#'=(M7Z$:9
!9QX5A+93L9J&`+NMUT\B

LV;7

M
XIZF3IK)M5M7L;^ORWJ-GJ9*K(TJ5-4I9!Q;.U+C_UB6/9A6^TTRI%=DLJZ


M/'
G#W=3+%JAGR;^+'K%(N;LF&]6WS+/I-W[Z^6DC5%MS#J'F#O++[(BQEU$

M&OLDJP(V`:?Q'JS%Y3L-=-Q

M?_G6\5P


M%RTYP




Z5T'


'-CK=5?T



M!;UR/U30CE


9S[86JV]_3F?RT

M



MS&G%KO@='_E$3/A10I.ZF409]$2



MD4XK6-#_LD/H
2H\?F(JO$.OV`WM3T&5\XH6KI9_9FL)_
']\8%/PM)4

I?X45A6
MN>UI(\194@%\Z

-5J@&!AS8G35


M`1'2QJ&A
MUDUZ(Q

N


M=&=$62#B$DT!086!3F$1


M%K[_$VJA/GRTA%\9)TU.

NDH%V\+`%58S^NHD
[`



E51L`9KH#RH9,='C=)XB,AO%UJEY6UNN@U!L,*.=
MJRC<6XMK6#`?/#1U+W:'0&9WW<`\XZ)A..+ZX7_=`]GS)P=T4L[\Y+QOV(W





DQ/R[SV%W`MC&'JW
LISDT=JT\_HH=1X
MA`A
R(@?_O^[&V?&]OA`LC?Z-&^$

G#X1V*\%.(GUS6M.S=

&MZ=I<I(!GF(2=J3;'G83-K




MV0.AP3?.6+[1LY=A$(OD6Q7Z.]I(+BE7[FI+:.C

M^K(]U1]A\1(0T0I#/W








X\UZ
E\E




M&
32`_P5H3)I-(=IN*R%--PW5Y51CJ]C=2-I:90%*%)ZAI5DQ1''-ZZI'-L
MGIJL/F5@PJB`KZAN-,9_-Y-NXG0A78F[0/LB0J69#6@?.@ZQAN
T[.[J@

JA%WX(XK2J%



M==


M:X#:NO1.



N<_!)]<+7[^XX5&./.%SNN$G

MH8]C


4


M&M/4N#D



M
Z0

]5O3


M#`2%LO5;7HF!)9IFX94&&4*8:C`+W4?TMJW=3$,MT=U5#(FZJ[HC5
-9
M-!LL?L8@?#M
[DVGD\ED*L+MF!.@$+CV













MI6731LL



-4*LFOSP'4/M*I)
M9=SP#N%L\/24Y
N%W;SB^5*V=.T=3ZX7LG7][;


M8V]U'ZW&T

VNXX
M
]/P9079



M1QQNF5.R+$PJ`)`QR6


$`(.I:@`?0

JYI^7KI


MUQDI-
SI89AN1(C#3`0
@2-4K7GCT'?YW='Y7=WF'Q1/W:?\,W^:^`_L9V/
MPC(^?:486`?OJ+XFI[5=.)DVX3R1HIWE^?-T.TOM*%D=_$8M7L`J\NCNF)J


L[[/<&24N1
MQ0*BTF]Q!VY29'9O/J+CBTCF/T\U`ID

J(
7;7W-[T5OK9`J?T/K
M^$.J!CA7GVRRG2^)











6S(JR1!WHCL^?


!?9


RL4$([!R,+S4N<#E:


IMF


M7:!!M%BE14T+$OEV\8)
Q(4:A\9P4PMX*1I
5S?OG]T0)Y+_J\%B`T!JC%()




MG`&TI@)Z*8X=]!S6X(;TM;NGH*
=LD=8=]_-T]T`7A&_]J^^QAOGGJ
M9G]_PEMO[^'=/X
#2:(?B-@HW6[UJ^=[Q_/Q+G@E:M9G_

@.XM
M6XVRW6RQ8,K@C)-4*(*WS5QXZ.-G29+M

M@K4\F(1ZR!H


@.CWN8ZF;E!
MS=QW$'M-@DP4IVU@JWG*%M#]ZOZ@X^NVX6XO$8;!*-
+G#Q-G%DS
)
6C(_N

M/?#;$-WH5R/H#EP_NL-;[+VXCP?\@=:0O3^%V-W=^/]T0X_^DMY2*XL=Z.LZ

GH#]8M




?/32/D_C+MI(*ZHN!#7:OTFJ#N
M?'#M(]HLXNTBWK#UK##05XP:2+C.+X04Y+CHR0P2_UE/#^J2@X(L6^F@:Z^W



&EJ^^.K`(H9`YC;??%`L^C;%V4+K6H

*

MM9FE$Q.RX*I0N@$&Q#1?)Y1_+!!5'0[S+?8K)9R7)@]KSC<L`9LV'`TL3'0
MFO!A^!CBK^[VV?-Q^'KE[VAA[Q




MGM7`+SATG^B17*^Z#`AX07]7UZ`-

E1V
W%

/'_6EA)RO





EF
M

M@
Y&EI$YQPK*B3Z2L&+W@?V?P
?W)
$_@SE'^*Y)TA$I!.W@EHO55
8Z)(%.
M!2



M.#6ZPBJ6@
&I

\J81;1NQQJUAF7'=
MEM!



48YLOU[=_O;I/9%3JQ2YOZ._*(`JPI

MN1NJZ0VCJ/_:\5(DTADNQ+L+&*;-W_^DRD3!
@O
1'-8K`5A
]*^&K_;J:[3





D/R;9!

!4GP'-

M[8SSAL$7?2]GRSS$^?N(C#6(?:T(0MPC]O@QKPD_MXP#3
'YXQ^OW9B_'O







M:9\




M1W=WV\





MI`(^E\9V'')Y?/
AE8B82
TSRJJ
FYHSKF6J696%3L%TK5M$POIC]S2&:A
MGCEH`



46+G]2R1F%OYT=ZA678

M%V@&Z8





M

M(R+=
)X4FEY(




M=$&2C8C.U8



MRM_=DF!(MW7?[+]XONMO/?=P3W[#RCBU[E%2(ELG`E4H#([JM9-VEX5F4:E=

$!2M

FX!%A=JL(OQP@$8@*$@TO(:LSLW`'

?0R.IQ`_TR/M+SC?!O8![X




M



R%;_4NO
Z&E
M9)4




M=7S&T
)QI`9WSBMIQ.Z



MTZ;:^F#(NT:Z8H!B4/)VYDMG6NR1[)1)AQETDWVS,K-GEIB-JC5FZ[H\9V




M!
QM&.S.[7


S)0


D=,*6E(ZH9B^:$*I

M4G'&-SZH


PZN=X.$=
2O+?O0BC
?Q
-,B;!D#4H`Y\OC0=PF9X
M(FEE22QZ%`NVRX5%GL%QF!V5*!I-!Z+\C_R%#+[H;4,V(`X0M+PM3E

9VSN!2
M=2\GC6`I6TWZ5/V$^:C2V))2%_!E\]
0WYCMG9-+8?PGE@BU]@B5QXWTPV4=
MP%W1;+&N`RF3A9@P4^NQ:HR;5SM:O
=AB'=HGUFYE5FIOXL51YZX7Q5XQ2QL

MS&#0GR@0*8=DN=[,;UG['1^/'A;`C:-
EH6#^RY
$I1I?$6R811G+G[;_/
M7H@_G//QU&$HU_(&I#F?0U`TB3Z0*_+FM6'2W2P2&7B7*AB$DUBS@EMO)Q

FV9PKD8B82$1E





K.`-'

H#7
M[8UXV5
/C$9C#[AF_W5



MUX\_N7&U[

B


M%;2L@M&$3#WXXQ@A[]L0'[WS40E99[)L)^=44?!6N
UZ[@PBX[1%NZFWGU^&




M&SE2)98;V:]-/
U.;G]T8_P4A!Z./@64-RJ?K/UYG3NT94J`-RLO%NDL*-V4

C
M;1=\UFT]V10`05]'?U`!!B'0RP8':H/..*\&2C6T2Y::C.96ZB\\9B.['@



MA4
^0RFVVE#/1Z]NOMJ]X##VHL:
LOJ@WGZOTCJTF]AL)OD8C-U271!BK-
;
M8HQ3-


M06-[G5_MEDA'5#Q*Y:.\`51NP52O/I(/G)(/**20F_H@S'T0M?I`'\Z[!WH9
MVAT]J6@:*&\UJV!PC^/XP/;AI%D'420@Z3\AU6L_J5MV1:^.9#PKGB)0(%?_


0]R$(P^`[*[:R)P,OWPM

MPK'(2W`@V$:D58:LK=1*$_@1AI\



0UNE$P1);T2=0^L8YM.
MLT457H;




D76J@4

MBXRD56@^
I]OIAD4:(U1^K*QN.^C/`OT;V3TYOG;X#A2V9`@=@\CZ+YLUUTC





1JFAQL%7

S-746MW5#OI`1UE_!)K[:YC

BSV-!FR

M9%#EK8V]0[O[&%^92SIQE$:7]!S`*_.+


MY.'#!%I!!-U-:^&`$4WK`__N]K4@7VZ?0=7L-4^-PC)J8BZCI=^^QT+$5D

*TER]T36GT#/_B

H1ILYFNT\Z!?EXFPEC_,,&J58;VCJ)`88P



5_&VLU(4+O'+]AO`5OQ&2-P*R@`I=2)
R_/`S(9)C'7VXBI5B
`

^M+FH1][OG:6


+_J&XX_G

M^P4QM.HW2@096OL:;!
+^H?0W6$4YL)8I6]ZRL4]'(+O+HE5^H__-7TWFR]8



U[X`YN
M4\8S?GRUW09G/_;\I]LP\
F/6\P.V337U.\AP`3G@+4#3Q(N9I--SCRT'E76




M@D*%&'HZTSP#W.ROH@C'44GKHKYM]8-ZBS/&`W`=H0$_7Z\V0BH@*05OJTH*


SL_3


?1+6+(*_K'_.!:@9
M=

MQ`?+B3S=U*#*EJG`%FOF6U49Z52-)

MQ`D`F!5XH

[5[






0F`V)B^8%9'C1;;@2;


NB)

MO?6$Q_
\FVA
6T-4(@



\JT_

<HE6D(^?/FH*

OGE^()/+1*G0TI66
MB5A30%)JKE


MH8IC

MI;9
%*\\6SS'-M95@X#D5H5Q#!)TO3%B%^W%0:D6O

YZNT
M-^50++2;7!.9M\QR35%5K1$/ZC3TOKK]-%7D)_

M26FSK


MS)+R5E0ZW6W
CQ3R!MB_61.(MT'R7O-7/8_F!SX)PBT/]BCBEN^\Z!1$Q'96



M9A.H(:),0-LD&[@POC+]4H$[KP15LDN;0:Q=JSMWIW5.YS_R\49.:S@ETX










M';ET1U


'2/Q\99
M+6?=.98V?&D

M
LX.&KS!E^;.QZ



M0S^)2L!H7\\6DXE@;


Y`WK.&
#KWC=+)RUFO19%`]ID;
'+IS10\;(41A(CM2
M;BB$(
PZ[U^E!5OI/
M$WMI])J(Z89XS:*9:ZU^K

MD*Z3



M6S=W([Y8].40?$?_P+LG6\K]*4:NC
34?2$+B4YB01Q\]3T0D[3SJ0YCJW






*K`P#OH0
MQ





I;%/X!8T1;17_0=LUST[BN8CR4RWW79KH!



M60=^+.4]$L0[+Y[AP.LV$#Y:2.T45(!&LFS]5PP4YZ*LJ5.0'_3:A4!(*;I
MQZ`PV,2HJOO$IR`.^3Z&V;QTKD8Y7HJJ!E:Q[^L)A-O(2=LDF'KH?UPW#


*
=WR7);M$F&.2^V39







GOGD!)

('E@14T177YNF'H#YI8N9OI/))U)=
PG:P&QU2;!$!VTJ`6OBKH09/@E

MM/Z1M/D4A)U6-*!S,TE`C6$3B?-%ZO%JCZCF+9N^FD'90V9'9Y8Q3[!9S5


MY^

M#]H48FT96PL9PQ4U]K+`%5#R&L

.D[N];
M2F0=!@E3XK_-5%`)'QI(XZ6AO)7#P_TX2X3X\61W='LLP-&'M#OBM3V3+U
MDZASAT_T'*S_5)C)_O#:P&U#)!F9@*K!U[T7\$2T1I#&?ME!:(2+0;Q;HN

M2TX&G./G@'5)[%*0^YA0[\TI3FM!?GC]_`.'6R_MZ&WQ7?4YB'D-K!1BQAO


9%Q8U05R59'QIS7%T2SS+^._W
M9R_&O[LON


MEYVNR=MX9\.&N'&85;1[;H1O:$L:6[


^G[S!Y)''ZF&&*2'
MJN!%P\5


10'?@C!^OCIB

.P]T]@;Y.$;T*NWHORU(M*5!)LBS




RI6!A^6T/%\;E9=!F%!;.DE%YC(47D41CJWH

M_T:`%HV@YZJ7R]E\G6X8#N(TWW07I*Q1K;`*#4T*EI0]L6_I5:ZPRT5M
N

MED9

6A%^R$781*^=J3&X7*@PM4
MD1\62?H#N#6F^=(8_K^I(HAKHCE)







YLL5FIFE;D
M^J*PHAIC*C*V54*F=+DP31)RZ\$N)`I2&V?1E'O8]^GV?!/X^,GNG]`_:RF
MOB\TIY\HD985GV?[(:)WZ$7F.;MG017P_/ITJ&?T/:N


-4U)]TWTPD.^PQZ^SY-GV&D1;RQOP4;O.4^HGT
M^H2)_[X$P2Y+CO*WGB(9\S=?G;[CF\@O+O_+4);,QXTGVP-].\''YQ@/)+


M_
2;39X5?T[3



SJ&;2C(;NG(<NJ@=![LGB1+EK&
MG_7)3_*4Y:UURI8-(_L$Q=OJUK_1.F3TKB1A&1+][;^);KEB%'CF::U[H3M3
M=
RZ%_QBP


MUL$FI)C4&^I3U7J[UMVV.AO4'U_R+

=O[SE9]D*













L3+




MS0J-
^&HT%62'

MRQH'^+Y
E2^9(.-

?3(7C%




M7MZI\F'=P/##X@






M\%(G#=


K^14Y5NV9I9(26Y:WM)1_^&@^@Q<V2D/

6W

MZ4C
5G7_A=.;@6
(T-8ODP`5;(%W5JNI\D6G(B.:.(:@.UM6]AW^8CFT
K_]



MQZ:].Z8)O5R(U







N:


MX//%4AE)IL-;T:W)E[F

M$NYH&[A
UFP^44[#PJN9WR@1C_E='&V7.B?N(@H_!A?LL&G98Y=XV?-(5*NT




M]P*XL0WHBKBQ\5/:LV^\IRV%`@C)X+9I.-MM;[DFE8SO/]=C)W@SSKQT0E6P


ON
P




IV-<T.?\!/GD^+3WUP#_0`A)9UM*$J7NJZVD[
MP<LVJ]*=R.LLPD(O76=+3


J.CG5BOZ@TA$3;VR3F7+;G9+M;M'V+]AT
M;=8N@5O&

PB



M@!-B1N@(HWCAEV_0Z=K`AW8ZPG=



8RH+Y[O^EO/

MT`L@\YE9TU`KZ@`.-E;;:95J*5R[)A[[&T5!U*[+=JQ(@HJ(39JIAO%P@,M
MW-/VM?A#)J*?M0QFVM6J%O9_,`FFP[V[&=5I1;D9VB.]%#+$
_--1/;=`WY
M1%)#



MUVF=H%/:R






MCCTR!+K'6_)H[-7(6I%0


46Z`3/]Z62]G#NM@\D$:;P)E+9AQ8!QN/%`
MFM%A?*_AWW`/

)




%4]F`V6:!SM
46B(+]:S52ON69.7-Y


MJ]5R/2\FW$R&J6N:!ADQU6H$(#WN;8G3Q1)]J:L``^4$M6JPD4[G_!CA?Y_I
M-0


%C/D;H968)\:
34!IOMZYT0D60*6QN*GH47

MH
MO=.A-DDR+0N*GS8$5@



Q6N28[6B?3U(




M;IC:YH8V#AO1%XYB7V@BL%X\4P[A[52&BQ=[.K]M)7!T64J=39S*;S+N3
MUHCKQ@/YJH?UG;G*Q*KYN[H3%'F%MG[@KPC

J*B44&V!3LFU=O.`?O;


]WDGG0L=#7P/6S


MG=3V4V8[O8_/+=B^3VS'#;9K(9?.6

MJIU4Q'J`MSYLUHOD`H1TXUW$9KBX
$.9A1*CIF:
:B$$%98Q_$\GZ)491FM(
SX$7G6\RURA&/'?
M@RYXKSUM#NU55:!QLEY-TEWM):Q_#^Q!^C#;:CC79AH4Y</LJV'<L0GC,D`)
M$YT@U)\MV/:
(X[)72K]2*]JC[__&:QVD/_J4;]88#L880#-T(K_EHP9[BV



^RBXK&GM`

@

P+E)
M(^B6S]EZ.5T5\)W(1$PHRJ6:&NZKM7-JV$X`Z@SUAEFK#XF@,Q3`VM3AJ;
3Y13$&6.79.[#&_VLA3'L0+4XYA<32LB?OOCKP'?
MK1:[(;_B]ATKQ?#3_U7XP_]EY%+;SJ%D


IR-T:?\)8Q
YI-1S3LGHQVX[%-
M6U1
^[]=_TPK^`@-TX7_%@`5T=_D`XNP3R(FQ&Z$(\)3YP.M$O2%6'Q+/G/(



2
X8O(G'%UMM^$9[[J&7H
D&RA%KAX4
WA#H)\B]]L1_CG

MN*^+]2+#K0(ZG=X=^:[64NIR%?W%.&;_=7I=/V]$J(^]B-SS'YU5?OZ/&]
M5!T'%(-:

2K2AORWH8]DLK#[7LKE8





8.P

M?H]VO(51K9-/@;F[)XRPS_)#=1%.3V17.2D/GZRB+1JK:4JNLLQCQM276#

F



`_HNW[X3W\O.&

P9FM-XN%#.ZI2#O@/L1`=[U&-@)[T.L
M3`&_L0[P8FS)`_PP1B`O\<O!%]=$%]]PS#D*^I`R[(O9PMI#Y^)M`/S0RR4
M8%Z3A9U`/\3


BG@N




)-@*%$89
%4
MHP7-4!YDA@
W0PM6)8&?P5%D+(_\1.6OY''R;_(O\L.C&V'RC_\?4$L#!!0`












M0K?C(HBRV6*!N)X


MN8O3(

'QZN&[_2OM@Z/J\1#?Q3C`]6
M#I;S'1;.
6'5$?P9)'%Z_'VT1@)L'F;HUB'WZ@*+5CIZQT?[KI#YC
;9W4=[


MXD?BG
FYWJ!_X@UV'23)`5T(LRWF#N:K4Y\N
^[TW6'FKWV5I;\US#Q_0I=^


WT$KSU(`ARQ^YG'N6/=TF\O2Y9



M'E1N(/=1FB6%APXVM=X%
/DE'/P02X0R]:
(U4F
:F.LI(E@8)2+
GM-3/


M^+8!'([+T=#G#($`X:MF;H]Y-

CCP/I\

M4

%P)#W^!)?=;$34ELU]MI
MD5@.$1

D_A?`/
H1\^Y^6L(UZ5Z


:*#Y=YKQ`48W#I

_JS58I\0..
M_I&C*P

M4_'VLDL$OVC'Q%^PS*MU+TA]MV\0
MWY
OI)$C#U/*IE44?B_K+?2]OB=]@OVG)











MS`C+
GM%W#]ZVLZ($N_7/XXG



N


M/O_F\:%S:35


MA4`];VN:ER=/NMHO_#D=?[(
0.
[/L.DB2`^)8BE`=RBS$^AJ9%7Y)YZOB

ME'DDSYN9H/7FR*\C_J&\Z!`WP;Z]63T
SZ#!NWZ.HX7H-
C=C
PE!W=(1&MX
M:G

X)8*@T%O]68LCX'FJB5
PLJ:4ABG<!
M7!Y+


<[@5NEJ'[&C!8(Q*ZNL81)?8OS





M`\=28\BA(LY#N)HB0\7/JLVUMGV9)G/:6KY;1$0N+ZP3.-][=)KGLH+%85SZ
M\!@[

GE2-

M872PA7[^

M-F
Y\=Q]:X


E*0`$3J:(0[]

M;%E&\+S$5Z!\6M!EN:+0+][?3%F.YNU?1HCG:+M7=W]Z!59Q`AKQ@)]@5+!A
ME7]@M&R/4CH?@)(1%_BM%II&8%.PV=`NQ$6&
BWYX^9B=NZ$8NGD.60XKL




Z3T4F3$IJ9I%B/7&*6@X&+8

+O-;;=W:(C
MAE**M1I-!8=
-]&DF)AKI%3\

J2P!#(MYZAN<<).[1@]ZE?7LPA+`


M7D(EV(00D[FXVHB]V/]

P?#;A5C[3^*4N!PH\5KM-PTU$FA)1'O




MW]EBD6_S(@Z71M:I
C+QTA'O;^)BG2V7QSP(CP%$PM5UL(.(WV'/B-E'2QJ\

B]&;WGG_?\


&(P4YUH


OD9G]8(%5A[Y92
S=)[#IC'T3=/@'A?BX(;T=I?$
MDX41X;E3NNOA.O#7[M





MWK&=2E2/#!TQ:R^MAML)VSI*QTWF4L@FUDK
3N8?)H/3A=6ME?-9DU6A6TK5

31W/^J1Y)FSNJ6\\85O+2%'$TF)PY_^TGJ
.4L![IEMQ^+&#J,MIT/6B
M\1I8=*F]J#H.

'U'7K:R[*SAU*0.M4KS=H3.I$/:O



1






&L#N^:GM:]9`=L^W


MLTH92

\5UORS

MP7';]=-P4C!A'\(]P


5W*

IX]F*4JCAD^$#I@R?6/A`C:O
JS]E7


MEACMME7

M)YSRI@;/33E3
O=/6UP_*Y]38?6]FW:#3EB=%=*KL7)32]0!JXXI[VMD_8F]

4@CZUXL8T:/$=U^H;LYW#
ML0;*406.E#$
H4U7HZJ#+IP.LVR





M[F8B!^]U&*2(F.*IN8FW`:3E9R8T-$)OO-W&44'
[!/8OH*$1N]E0\/T7HG2








JPL?^?(*#)+1(#F)Q?

%&


M/50-O6N5T2@(*T\N7JDW/6/KJ41=.




#S'6E\V7\V_1B!)-W`W



,Z<Q:(^A%C)\;!_G
M&C\O7M2J$FKTJZM)U3O!=6G.4
MU[BY



M!:L\?
`%G_#U%*.7
#L\AKA3M

MC(AA)B8Y:Z0K4_4N1_OU.5YE7]&QH@=H4UH:R5J&:W9NXG!YO]TE\;Y\69G0
ML7J8F

(M2`K3/O8$V

M_M.2D]@NN)69@3+9EA3QZW5)SN*73/E6@V$NGKSYKC-F]X$XTTPRB:8`7?




P.55_*5M`SMI;U.R5
9X!*PPV4]Z_N5LBT(#<T4




WQ/_M(;Y]$*\H)XB*=_:6


UOX&^H-!+


M8@JQ/@
FQ:[?!

M0:\
-SN`ZFCJ



M*N=
3D4UP%7D

MFA22=*:@58.'?B=.&*U.-B0%#X)16=5\:(+/JX[$6C9817[Z+J[@`(#ZHUK
M]JT#]Q&:D)E--X3

9QJ\PVWR*

MIQ@



%N-W%J%&8[8F`A&=SZP42D2Q

O^!J]G

MTY%
2A7R5S@)5IB=3*:\+UZM4KHLP(IGJQ4
(5H.:FX2@9ZF$\A@_\((\=`;
MN+O&HO*12-J

^
?M=`A/GU=O_AK9(*JEEO]C=J]J?H3SL%




M$.UE*?R%QC![_W)/2?O.E`+'?2%*#3W6@79?Z%'#K+@RNHD:
BZ/)A]1:F*R
MZWB[BZ-2;J9G+S-3B/?YD5BB1N`(%K`TG\5[$)0[W$4&WC)(-_%K^7K2N@
=9U5E%W(A

<$O_Y6G62%P<TBG=#*2]CA.LLULQ*X)CW!Z&A66M4!::0\:G=
MV@CE8%W8-T\3H+=!L$8
NV7]/9&J#]YL#?I8?@JT-N;E#&5;E*RPN-L^[FN

M#L?Y6*H1LD:OWG3]P8G:VV32HA[8G;R^H^]9WF]W`4P*8Q7=6YK2V`:^3EF6


$.LV
572:%^'08RY/)SR46(KY)09QOF]1EDJK
B

?]W'

T




M[
)4(GV&!+;@/X=+T612^IHM%MB3
7T

:&$OB3
MB7J`P2L


Z(ZV)/1R1E7P+7
0U/
576-/[!B;8GM



SDL#DJO99BE5YLI5K;,.\-B\
MN*N*YMZ0J^0VI^.-:2(WC[N?0I@1QO&MIM*8%!C]N6/=P@ZS%+!*$=LPI%?

.


06A`N]O;SBUP6PO/7



MA!Q:C:6636YD6Q&YW@31&C6XC=!-5?BW=02,JM\[\!RWPA?V:I@]@ZSW
A

M[@OGBU.%PRH?D1'C^7D*C3H+\7V$-D'.4FP*=K8BER*.G8KP3A2=2]W!OH;
M^^0SX#FITWI9,1,)\FVBF7.[,[M8,0?W\Z6R+%4QOUDVT6O(4`7(9*HB%8$
M9GLKD




M5('M6


2IRFE^I6Y:CS:[T;SY8$IU--:




3VVQA
MUC.*=2J;UVYK3MV






M


6/$Z6WR/#^(@V.LRP/J?);-[DX5N!$DP-0&
N.K7KY:QS`8AMJ3

*+L!FAUD_FJ9(F)!XG95


M5-^Y':S92['6YQW@I2&,&V:$S#(&:=Q3.9#3$IV).4%?8QUADE-;:9?6K)

M(_5:8=1&G
F?`8$+5QK]!Q/,BNVF5%O9D8'+;L;C5\8YKB[FMQ0PU'%7YX



MC;@)+D`4)##^$J4[LBRH#/.[V]%JR5(-:-K`AM


/#)0R2

M&CX%.K_ZZ]=5E48=U]H((@8$]

F[/@H0U*[?2\4
MQ3GGNF1WZ(.FS^A2DZ+IK$



M7*V
*!/X?A'PXCHWS8FO:NT?*5=2UW.B2P!'BDMR/76A+#SM


I`M1/_U$?030<Y99S.$MK4
M./G]Q$Y'5(=_^BN*F0:L!LI-^[XR4.=9MVJ@W&2;E(%JI[BJ87+369*92+9E
MDZ3CZ3S_Q$X`R_&,F#!*]0'E$S`-8/9]VFSOV;]\V(#EGD(YJMCV!0$Z7S5



8)*^H-A[[F*COBK^G9B=C8[KV;A`OYJM%N;
MI?QSL!6]G1I-#=


M:5;.K?SY?%;E;YM$Q26O5%;L.9L#K[79]6#[P[9;:?$\N-WNPO@``$ZV!**T



MO^-23.]I8F_
5RN$$

8



Z

M3ZH[I4]@@8%:SK*JX7UT'4=I'
'$A%76I


M#2TZ9?]^CB



+$V7MT6+!I^ASG`WE


M*B/96M^@F0KD)3XE_?E
=6_H-J8)%!X3N`8\[Z@=9ZH(*`^GLD[M,/NE\W0
MPP!4S0KP8WE116-[Q*[WRI-.'?8M&K&!#6



MWH+L+
LN-Y2[:W9'M+MK=D


36FSJLBK
!I!3WZ+R1NP<XB2SED`;LT1D?

'G.$I::/*T
M]'J_


^9\%:\%)R
;MJ
150KXBV;_+IE)KK]0[0<X/[
MF!)OK/7&VK&BYXVUWE@K@!Y=ZJ?S/619V_4[3ES?4-FW1H`UPW9DNG5NK-!





M44'
C*G/)C0T1V^!VG6P@^BU*`YXBBY-D.S!$IV=NSQ#Y_X^37.\(9C3D1G'
M4/[=P^H^D*;)4D0K4M&]\2'':X1JX5^09EVAP&MFO\KC]R2\URH@2$YNA%D
MJ@=NOFK2_P3`'



M5A6\E+[G%'J(HX


1W<P21&/%Z'W*DD+-_J?$^8W2`FB$BMTD`]S^$9W5G14L<DF/U/(N7

]V4A
M7B+.@L+U




3OJ(

(?3*I__UG/[;MQU
RA0!
MI
M)__BCVC\/G`!S#0.;?:$^YYC=FZ]N$/NW0%_#OFDGQ7!ZO]T%F#5%G0N#
M+]8%)S1?C*%)L'(?4?G&VM\C6@K)Y[U\R@AF&9+

'%-SPV&D$=O;X9Z_/7=




D78+J^B6CW5K/3VOB;*-7K%D*&=


MVT&A9L:`N9XTV
;WXBP7H!O!BL8?\+Y#JM$?<BLN2M
MKR?6MEX`+U4/(K$1DC'4:^E9E&E


\/85R_D5X*L.R6![D`1K7/LKWY9JZE+ZO4TSN$7X5M7!YJLJ
M^+&IU[
]BGVOD*$.EC/QE=VZ6WO&N#WK[
.K)R*G.QV2:@[JMH'(^)%





Y6+1^)9(W(/




MD8N:$LOVA
_Z+3Z\]#BVBS;ZOGP']X#SX483C=^-\X3WW;J)ON]^AA%OOHTF



7G1RN6AT[=Z.^E+[O=T*_F^2=]



N`?



M6_SQ!ETS=P%

ME?#ICI\R5E6]7$PBKTAO-^VX%:(DJB=O
&LSNNX4ZDO-^\@?&^#PD3];IIA[


MZ




M^*T

MN7&

MV

M'A2&]H;4S*O/]:G/?;#^V/2-2'81Y^5*G.?'L%VA-&#?EXQS@+[F11Q;JV+
M3UMAD;;!FXVGF_;H^N3BOBD(GY-3)/FW$EII_(='/FSS[N
K7W;7I:^4:V.



\RE_1@

QA9%1;(^?'Q6V%^*]


HF7EKA+C7\W6ZZ3(Y&=R




_G82)N6C1!

EQ`
MI0OK8Y/_2
?2/IY)M\39TQ?XL6P!!RSP

D)AZG7R!9:-KY-L

%W1+I&C3X1OCZM#\^/82@Q@932KRGK

TA+$+XO6*7CLC0MQ

M2L:XEQL9'OHJR
?XTA@1Z[=ZH0

4(Y]Q



87-2N$6V3KT(]BE46SE0W7*7K$7I[
M=4]&H-

N3GK4RDH#R_H^6&

^

$Q:?
\IX)B.?
VHHI



:8=]?HRV2M/13)7R_TRB3AC
M(M@F5)6=4L!
C@
'&ZWNS`^`/`,DCU<4';A2_!V!2*P@MD=
MNB:?SGM




$Z;;
.


+T[K.#V;Q

4'NUBM)?/!+I9$=2@E6%?P!!D9+#[8Q7C4@`]V



M?CBG%_WJM]LH@Q1+T\6?^Z?F`:R#L/PFX=R16DS31NAM4MXFY6U2H[1)#8D9
M/NFS'6);%[!\
W%&M?1Y]O3


;S
=D\W4&_1ZMYGV;1%Q&V)AFZF;66IL
M
.GU'5OG
+)BUNB)UOC1=$


MUR1^!ME/:%=CQ._0V;D!*5Q'Q:HD_\B#$*X.6)F[I[
/[Z
UBN*18PK4
;
6451J
-S
M+)SXP_)%E[Z969V-^(04^3TPW'&$*&$:(







M(^R\9YV:[*SP;@SNUNN(!;%
-[0!&9)U0A/F1/:BJN@%C:N[)J


M0+!XL5J:.&$M!Y5H68/5N!K9ITMF!/AWQ?L:.,&/_YV_AK=;D3R).4'
2Z



A
M)0L]R;)*#6G+

MPTQCZ_2=%+02LV

8N\\R5=

M!ME#V+%V*1)UBK?\$2&:5#)/LT4M_S!]'_6

M.RG4F@H?'
!$(IK:5@LE/R4`1/\91^!3'F80G(#`J)1


=*V&W<=WUM2_D=6C:7*_




MRYG2L-*RHM2@NBE

MWP*GA:F:SOYYK.%HI$+3%-
D8;O:T4'I^%ML6J-
3[B[1:&FF)XGL(C7$?SS
M(DY
KJ^1`+QSYKN$FQ4#)=554V#+:9_CBG9)C+8!KGP'HW7A@G@ZTFTR97HZ
M%2!.W*N^W'K`9)WOEWWX.Z(HMA]XKHSMB*(4I==-Z=JF9H+5G)UBSA:P!!6
M/E/QO\"9'%$(-X%,/DE'-0FM]G:0HRSP`.EBLPRX

MSL[

H-:@H.#.7!/
M]E(IE7NKDQWS*


.NDI1Y-O6'M

4.9





MFBQE
#OF71^5A_-
:=QIDOK:
2&!;*+)JB)I2?XWHR;BG51!-'J0WMN@VDDPC*J85WDNJFMQ//!-HF




&P_!G4)\R?DP1

MAB!!S]WF\`#V(&1$X`AV-CJO^VB79VE!S`_
2`]6#Z
S:#Q4Z27
S$`BN3&
MSG)>

MT@A`?`+K(%G:%V5%G#&#[E80;!L6A+TP'/*X:'4;CYS#!B
^NJO$G!XKMU
MO'^_!+`D'/UP3B_ZU6^W48;.^TOP=K]$VP:NX*+83)]S@E*-W]X$VNTCC0.S





UM\<RN\P0?\6X3
M/`UB\3SO(YQON

MCL6SY=9


X&R987!9^(3;W

M.GX


M
N.2`.;#UVYCD



CYN#I``G8D)BUX7`:@8_'<[Y%

MC

ELM0QOS
#M22%_


V\KY;WU?*^6H)S(K!#DJLE.)@-\_X$`JS*&Z6NJ1Y'PY@SCFBV?&
M68NAG3G3ZU+T(:[K+'F:(&*0VKFD
0&O/V&0&.HIU_T/)#1#[2IQ#)68Z^9A
M






8F7^2*[QM$/:&JR?FI]=M6*PN
()H;B]H80U).K:0I

H3K
&EV48(6BA'=-1*7/</JF?)O#('(JS
M?BV=
%
\Z-ZM13+UG-.6G^ZIYZ9AV5&TX3CJ$N5M.'WD@[D*0EQ:^7D#@!7)


MDBU)N=YNH






M(I^]S.2B&&T3M&O&2LD.831\/]S&:5R+/)@KNN3R?(&TTLSD1TUU.OTV6;

;@ZJ

DNYZY(CR1CJW

T@59EI^1

MYY@(O;
1:D.AZGCDFGX8:^O@;2/'C2UO?=@)A+09'S);9!$V-CU)+G38#C
[O*0PG:^NXFR#6<3G`;#
M'$'\&1QY[=,'C*3J_!HDRQ?T%89C3+N-%C^%`@*X!\]@D:,-@,1=!$68HT7#
M%4RC#XO&MR^E0VP=-?`=KXZ7Z<+OK/IW3#
ATUXL)Q3P_'AHC:W@?;BI`@2

MF)\M9O1*0L&RIA


$


;$
M:OT*X'J#&;JR4.#)DZ)Y^Z3S/$NS(


*GA(FHJ
M6M:17HZIJZ:`X=4PS;7BB

G%QV[D1=5E)$MKGI8









\+7
MZ%CPW=9S`^#[R6Z*B%1G2Y9IM7Q.XM[X*$7-./WDY])Z1@\=TZWK]?`EAN


M6JU*WTD6HUW/.\_1ES65]0*0NJIRI^DQ:@=
TKOO?(R!D.:DPNCB!G$UIH4A
M%V

X5YOK.XPF`I

)91CN




@!.D30!QP
05U#ZNYK(FY^7
MUKFTYUQ_0_))<=7[QSO4-5/2+[U+1T'\79WU5U'%:66)..JCXXJ.'T)4:[Z








MB5

M3XG8M
#T<$$_7=Q`N`ZNL[1
MHQ(A8G!.(70/%?))MS^&1[MW$+34Q_/2`Q='^_PC!$I-VC%R5:0\0JETJ7


I@4?.MC


'J'5T#&PD2A3L
9@/X$=

=SMT!H@FGX.HF5X





OG.2^*


M2(XJ_M)*#
MF#S&2JLJ&-#N7U[%XVWN[9W&(3^)=O$*+15:SB)SP#FM=WF&Z=SBD(
_B\UR


M5.B`F70.
7?

.'-A
M'.%]AU4#1Y*/\ND5B
`*ROK.R(]H%H'3@E5+A1Y_=89);C2S
[]=K0`.;035
M

M@-?,J(+$R`L7%

MFBG]&O5ZL+HA@

[VJ$@/LT=M
MJI=-M4=(BJE/(

M**Q_Q::5CT*OGS+BU8D.[N=@V9OD%:WN]7$)(TW\3:`$8?*8R/#;GAA\9E



9V!%^_LD*AYOE2U8.EF83(2

MV76/

M4:'O*:3Z#E#%]6\N)*/MI:#3(X$Y5$'G-V7&:ZY\884_/
KH-TTU#1X0^G
M*K.1&


-8CS_!
LOB%%



MYL[[KND2IZ;MK#:D8F3:KFN:E

]@5ZV!<TNCH'JR!S71UN`[+B9=.`X3%3Z3D<6I

+MYL)X]#M'SF^

KW-T\-?G6EZ2O-P





O;/;@%KF1-SMQSIC_`E(

.ZACA
MY\=UQT=M.H+<Z[[1&I#6%`

MSO_2)N

R7Q
E]DU^ASZSB1RKXH.HCA+&=GVZLA+%\=3JB+IS.3




M2P
?+C;
M`N
X3CIM9]#915XFLP$R$V^2:8O[I:`EVN96EEQ22N+]]7M(2C)MRJ(HR4F*

$Z3^




^6RL@A:



M$AS.DH=A_K*Z(8*



MB5*-0I&03&E




AK(
M:!2-9V/X_`(*%$XH:

Y^IRP&#YQGF*&+I
DY&_0



M7E
49`+\.Z
MXX3)W+QDF]QK.9V?Y

U&Q.+Y8W8

MRA@


.






M-GN#Y)BZ@]`;0:(/#'I9EJ;_O21IW0A)G=?.9EFT;6(6`F[[UCVW(;,?H34
M@^JM$25UR,&'JA0!BEMD%1'H;!^)=;#[YG@M[VBVB?J#-X6L+4XX7'9!&P5



3+`@\C)FK9J`)N0XE$-$:%






M9DZ1G7P':




M!Y%


B_U)DMYBF-Y;#(\-](2NW&S8
7
8W4[2&TCO563G1^SYG'3
M.VZ:Y;)V8&5!C)G;ZHH8'T-_/B=3;KGYC-.




M8O!*&6
TGLGSM/H=./2@CP7KQM)#;P


^A?YPE;'6V

MA4:(
F*Z3T\8![UG&`6@O5[UH06V]5/U;9


;.
M:C0)D_^*=SMV7N]'B`5GQLIW:C;`JY\!TBM4%_.[N?3JP\1R:/UG(XET]
M5R4OY2

&BA`6?YB61SQ-@

CEQB^IJ+



0'0=WK196]5:;*E&!?@\OIX+7U](
M.B:

!5Y&


M'FQ[`1N.8'Q3&'[
DC`+TOP$XXI;E7OB:@&6F7/NPA7H=0K@%:J^#1M%_7


W1*YZB%B-JM[!A-@'
B5VD:#)S=B

4`HP8T[
K8`&A&9O/

.(SI?
M4
Y-WE]?\H




P$-%PMFJL3A5=\:.;(AF#45
@.1X[::(3EK\&






MGZT(0)T1S:6A
[`J7V!R
HPESC+X-5L`9ID&:[742C#S\5X#FFY;NHH)

`:MEP-N
ME^RMOGV-=1N)2PM$3278H!11//:63V

--HS/

SI)7O&CQ%!4V:59I]FHCD
VAU
8G(7R-=[IMS[#=$B/81@@TII=R4R$EX+^DC5_PVW4C-*.
M(AR:#F$2%8-RJE<K0O?W'RSEHJHV3UH)I4EZOTUOX=[Y6#DGLW%I!``<2Q*

M6JN06IM'*-OF9WH127




M#NE(\95'2?X=?@-S
MLG+
W6T?8(]/2`CY!)@V5U;T('39$]R!.)M
7L:'RX
MK0(E+KR&4;.

@G6$3#14GA=;%D0+2
6
M?N=Q`6)%97^/9VAE[

MWW':BKR0/K.Z\XVAC-*T`0/V'1]97)G*(!K)6,X$52\+/U@N5Y7%YO:IX9
M]&Y3472I?3VT!SSX

M3)9N_;3%F=DJ7(K%D

X%T:L3+4:+(.P
M.4(3)2(K[YN?%$L85SR-(_US$U[&6B1WDFV]#;2TK@)S*6[-MFV+-EL%DE@L




&2J8O+
M0)@:8EU5B:&VAG.';R1P&GMI+7%7J(&`O


Q22FJV4!XR%(C1_?7@?'P@JNR7T0(0U


]KKJZ1=W9?J!.^2C8N\F/@]'V3)\;)FN2Q
M:KLU=-:Z
39N'@XUQ$^HBHUCJ96JHHL!C!CIP81A=_TQ'

M*5V]0H'V$*W6^ANV7D0.\




M9%+HVIV#]$=O%^]XO
.''I:(L.
!QMEJN@H99MZ]$:4U(69

%IOIYL8
3`=T'.5)\6BN[*[['IO%5P:\5]
M'QQ/-*%;'W$J'&*)VF*9@[N^!@/H7$GV?.?_WT@U_S=GR]8;M5KX+W=Z6Y
M##=%6S





M$Q[5C-V8WS*
^CGX+0UQ&OS6.6!]#GYK5N2XC?&9\1WXK8[1/S6_Y4$76673


H]2&\J
C@1U7OR



M@#G7)S9497)/[N%OU!H($/
$UJ!\9TU:E7CX*


!Q%3=7@+``$$)0X`
M``0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`0XA<1(O_!8Q3)0``B4\`!4`&````````0``
M`*2!C!(#`'=W878M
C`Q
S$R


3
Q
C

M#@``!#D!``!02P$'@,4`````!#B%Q$A/S;W[D``0`?_`X`%0`8```````!
M````I(&+K`
`=W=A=BTR
#$S
3(S


M`0```*2!DZT$`'=W878M
C`Q
S$R

3
Q
C


 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAssetWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationUncertainTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_DilutiveSecuritiesIncludedAndAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_DilutiveSecuritiesIncludedAndAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ScheduleOfBalanceSheetClassificationOfNetDeferredIncomeTaxAssetsLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <i style=FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-VARIANT: normal; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesAndFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsTransferredInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsConvertedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsTransferredInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_wwav_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsConvertedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'

