

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-20-008013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200330
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Act II Global Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001753706
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38880
		FILM NUMBER:		20757694
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS 11TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		910-322-6193
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS 11TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ELLENOFF GROSSMAN & SCHOLE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190321
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Act II Global Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180920









     







Washington
 D.C. 20549




ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal
year ended December 31
 2019


TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition
period from &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; to &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Commission file
number: 001-38880

Act II Global
Acquisition Corp.
(Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)



Cayman
    Islands
    
    

    
    incorporation&nbsp;or&nbsp;organization)
    
    
    Identification&nbsp;Number)




745
    5
    New York
 NY
    
    

    
    
    



telephone number:&nbsp;

Securities registered
pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b) of the Act:




    
    
    
    
    

Units
 each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant
    
    
    
    

Class A ordinary shares
 par value $0.0001 per share
    
    
    
    

Warrants
 each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share for $11.50 per share
    
    
    
    




Securities registered
pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(g) of the Act: None


is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.



is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;



(1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.



has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). Yes&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9744;


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo;
and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    

    
    

    
    



 indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;


is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9744;


 2019
 the last business day
of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the aggregate market value of the Class A ordinary shares
outstanding
 other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant
 computed by reference to the closing
sales price for the Class A ordinary shares on June 28
 2019
 as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market
 was approximately $292
500
000.


 2020
 there were 30
000
000 Class A ordinary
shares and 7
500
000 Class B ordinary shares of the registrant issued and outstanding.






    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Unresolved Staff
    Comments
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s
    Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
Selected Financial
    Data
    

    
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    

    
Quantitative and
    Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    

    
Financial Statements
    and Supplementary Data
    

    
Changes in and Disagreements
    with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive
    Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
Security Ownership
    of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    

    
Certain Relationships
    and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
Principal Accounting
    Fees and Services
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits and Financial
    Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    



    
    


CAUTIONARY NOTE
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


 including
 without limitation
statements under the heading &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&rdquo;
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology
 including
the words &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo;
&ldquo;plans
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;projects
&rdquo; &ldquo;predicts
&rdquo;
&ldquo;continue
&rdquo; or &ldquo;should
&rdquo; or
 in each case
 their negative or other variations or comparable terminology.
There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include
 but are not
limited to
 any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements
that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management&rsquo;s current expectations
but actual results may differ materially due to various factors
 including
 but not limited to:&nbsp;


our ability to complete our initial




our success in retaining or recruiting
                                         or changes required in
 our officers
 key employees or directors following our initial




our officers and directors allocating
                                         their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our
                                         business or in approving our initial business combination
 as a result of which they




our potential ability to obtain additional








failure to maintain the listing on
                                         or the delisting of our securities from
 Nasdaq or an inability to have our securities
                                         listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange following our initial business




the ability of our officers and directors




our public securities&rsquo; potential








the use of proceeds not held in the








in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on
us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number
of risks
 uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include
 but are not limited to
 those factors described under the heading &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo; Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize
 or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect
 actual results may vary in material respects
from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise
 except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
These risks and others described under &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; may not be exhaustive.


 forward-looking statements
involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future.
We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations
financial condition and liquidity
 and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made
in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. In addition
 even if our results or operations
 financial
condition and liquidity
 and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements
contained in this report
 those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.



    
    



in this report
 or the context otherwise requires
 references to:




    
    
&ldquo;founder shares&rdquo; are to our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering
 and our Class A ordinary shares issued upon the conversion thereof as described herein;




    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;ordinary shares&rdquo; are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares
 collectively;




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
&ldquo;public shareholders&rdquo; are to the holders of our public shares
 including our initial shareholders and management team to the extent our initial shareholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares
 provided that each initial shareholder&rsquo;s and member of our management team&rsquo;s status as a &ldquo;public shareholder&rdquo; shall only exist with respect to such public shares;




    
    
    




    
    
&ldquo;sponsor&rdquo; are to Act II Global Sponsor LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company;




    
    
&ldquo;warrants&rdquo; are to our redeemable warrants
 which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees; and




    
    
&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;company&rdquo; or &ldquo;our company&rdquo; are to Act II Global Acquisition Corp.




    
    






    
    





16
 2018 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
 which we refer
to throughout this report as our initial business combination. We have generated no revenues to date and we do not expect that
we will generate operating revenues at the earliest until we consummate our initial business combination.


 2019
 we entered into a purchase agreement
(as amended on February 12
 2020
 the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Flavors Holdings Inc. (&ldquo;Flavors Holdings&rdquo;)
 MW
Holdings I LLC &nbsp;(&ldquo;MW Holdings I&rdquo;)
 MW Holdings III LLC (&ldquo;MW Holdings III&rdquo;) and Mafco Foreign Holdings
Inc. (together with Flavors Holdings
 MW Holdings I and MW Holdings III
 the &ldquo;Sellers&rdquo;)
 in connection with the proposed
purchase of all of the outstanding equity interests of Merisant Company (&ldquo;Merisant&rdquo;)
 Merisant Luxembourg (&ldquo;Merisant
Luxembourg&rdquo;)
 Mafco Worldwide LLC (&ldquo;Mafco Worldwide&rdquo;)
 Mafco Shanghai LLC (&ldquo;Mafco Shanghai&rdquo;)
EVD Holdings LLC (&ldquo;EVD Holdings&rdquo;)
 and Mafco Deutschland GmbH (together with Merisant
 Merisant Luxembourg
 Mafco
Worldwide
 Mafco Shanghai
 and EVD Holdings
 the &ldquo;Transferred Entities&rdquo;. Subject to the terms and conditions of the
Agreement
 at the closing of the transactions contemplated thereunder (the &ldquo;Business Combination&rdquo;)
 the Sellers shall
sell
 convey
 assign
 transfer and deliver to the Company
 and the Company shall purchase
 the issued and outstanding equity interests
of the Transferred Entities and certain assets and assume certain liabilities included in the Transferred Assets and Liabilities
(as defined in the Agreement)
 in each instance
 free and clear of all liens (subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Agreement)
in exchange
 subject to the limitations
 for the Cash Consideration and Ordinary Share Consideration (each as defined in the Agreement).
Following the closing of the Business Combination
 the Transferred Entities will become wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company.


 related agreements and closing conditions are
further described in the Forms 8-K filed by the Company on December 23
 2019 and February 13
 2020. See Item 7 &ldquo;Recent Developments
&ndash; Pending Acquisition and Related Agreements&rdquo; below. 


 this report does
not assume the closing of the Business Combination. 




or sector
 we intend to focus on businesses that operate in the following &ldquo;better-for-you&rdquo; sectors: (i) consumer packaged
goods (&ldquo;CPG&rdquo;) and other consumables and (ii) hospitality
 including restaurants. We consider &ldquo;better-for-you&rdquo;
to include businesses that focus on health and wellness broadly. We believe &ldquo;better-for-you&rdquo; products appeal to health-conscious
consumers seeking products that are less processed
 contain natural ingredients and are transparent with their ingredients and
sourcing practices. We believe that many consumers already prefer better-for-you products due to increasing awareness for the
role that food
 beverage and personal care products play in individual long-term health and wellness and that this trend will
continue to grow. As a result of our view of these long-term trends
 we intend to focus on these sectors that have global consumer
appeal as we believe &ldquo;better-for-you&rdquo; has become a global phenomenon and we expect it to continue for the foreseeable
future.


that have a broad range of experience in executive leadership
 strategy development and implementation
 operations management
financial policy and corporate transactions. Our management team members have worked together in the past as executive leaders
and senior managers while generating shareholder value for many consumer-oriented companies
 including The Hain Celestial Group
Inc. (&ldquo;Hain Celestial&rdquo;). Our management team members have worked at other leading consumer-oriented companies including
The H&auml;agen-Dazs Company
 Slim-Fast Foods Company
 H.J. Heinz Company
 The Hershey Company and Church and Dwight Co.
 Inc.


acquisition opportunities in the marketplace. Our management team&rsquo;s industry expertise
 principal investing transaction experience
and business acumen will make us an attractive partner and enhance our ability to complete a successful business combination. Our
management believes that its ability to identify and implement value creation initiatives has been an essential driver of past
performance and will remain central to its differentiated acquisition strategy.


more than 50 corporate merger and acquisition transactions as well as their subsequent integration
 representing more than $2.4
billion of value. Examples of the transactions in which our management team played an integral role include:


Hain Food&rsquo;s acquisition of Celestial
                                         Seasonings
 a leading specialty tea brand
 establishing the company&rsquo;s entry into




Hain Celestial&rsquo;s acquisition
                                         of Ella&rsquo;s Kitchen in the United Kingdom: increasing category scale
 with Earth&rsquo;s
                                         Best as a leading natural infant
 toddler and children&rsquo;s food brand in the United
                                         States and growing Ella&rsquo;s Kitchen to be a leading baby food brand in the United





    
    



Hain Celestial&rsquo;s acquisition
                                         of Sensible Portions
 expanding Hain Celestial&rsquo;s scale in the better-for-you snacks
                                         category along with its Garden of Eatin&rsquo; and Terra brands
 becoming one of the




Hain Celestial&rsquo;s acquisition
                                         of Tilda
 expanding Hain Celestial into the ethnic rice category and establishing an
                                         operational platform and infrastructure for geographic expansion into India
 Africa and




Hain Celestial&rsquo;s acquisitions
                                         of Alba Botanica
 Avalon Organics
 JASON and Live Clean
 establishing and expanding Hain




Hain Celestial&rsquo;s acquisition
                                         of The Greek Gods brand




 members of our management
team have led to the creation and execution of numerous brand growth strategies. Many recognized domestic and international better-for-you
consumer brands were developed
 influenced by
 acquired and/or managed by members of our management team while employed by Hain
Celestial. These include Arrowhead Mills
 Better Bean
 Clarks
 Cully &amp; Sully
 Danival
 Gale&rsquo;s
 Hain Pure Foods
 Hartley&rsquo;s
Imagine
 Joya
 Lima
 MaraNatha
 Natumi
 New Covent Garden Soup Co.
 Robertson&rsquo;s
 Spectrum
 Sun-Pat
 Walnut Acres
 WestSoy
Yorkshire Provender and Yves Veggie Cuisine. Our management team has been responsible for product development and launch
 commercialization
supply chain management
 go-to-market strategy and delivery for a wide variety of categories collectively while at Hain Celestial.


 with respect to the foregoing examples
 past performance
of our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or
(ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical
performance record of our management team as indicative of our future performance. Additionally
 in the course of their respective
careers
 members of our management team have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. Our officers and directors
have not had management experience with blank check companies or special purpose acquisition corporations in the past.




acquire and
 after our initial business combination
 build a company in the &ldquo;better-for-you&rdquo; products and services
industries
 including (i) CPG and other consumables and (ii) hospitality
 including restaurants
 that suit the experience of our
management team and can benefit from their operational expertise. Our business combination strategy leverages our management team&rsquo;s
network of potential proprietary and public transaction sources
 where we believe a combination of our relationships
 knowledge
and experience could effect a positive transformation or augmentation of existing businesses to improve their overall value proposition.


returns and create value for our shareholders by applying our disciplined strategy of underwriting intrinsic worth and implementing
changes after making an acquisition to unlock value. While our approach is focused on industries where we have differentiated
insights
 we also have successfully driven change through a comprehensive value creation plan framework. We favor opportunities
where we can accelerate the target&rsquo;s growth initiatives. As a management team we have successfully applied this approach
over approximately 15 years and have deployed capital successfully in a range of market cycles.


Executive Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer and the rest of our management team in seeking an initial business combination and
employing our business combination strategy described below. Our Executive Chairman is a leader in the consumer products industry
and visionary in the better-for-you sector. Over the course of their careers
 the members of our management team have developed
a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships that we believe will serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities.
This network has been developed through our management team&rsquo;s extensive experience:


in both investing in and operating
                                         a wide range of business with a focus on &ldquo;better for you&rdquo; products and services




growing brands through repositioning
                                         increasing household penetration and geographic expansion; expanding into new distribution
                                         channels
 such as e-Commerce




identifying lessons learned and applying




sourcing
 structuring
 acquiring
 operating
                                         developing
 growing




developing relationships with sellers
                                         financing providers




executing transformational transactions





    
    



 drawing on their extensive investing and operating
experience
 our management team has tapped four major sources of deal flow:


directly identifying potentially attractive




receiving information from our management




leads from investment bankers and advisors
                                         regarding businesses seeking a combination or added value that matches our strengths;




inbound opportunities from a company
                                         or existing stakeholders seeking a combination




team with a robust flow of acquisition opportunities. In addition
 we anticipate that target business candidates will continue
to be brought to our attention by various unaffiliated sources
 which may include investment market participants
 private equity
groups
 investment banking firms
 consultants
 accounting firms and large business enterprises. Members of our management team
have communicated with their network of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target company and a potential
business combination and begin the process of pursuing and reviewing potential leads.




that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating
acquisition opportunities. While we intend to acquire companies that we believe exhibit one or more of the following characteristics
we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines.
We intend to acquire companies that we believe:


have potential for significant growth
                                         or can act as an attractive acquisition platform




have demonstrated market segment
 category




provide operational platform and/or
                                         infrastructure for products and/or services
 with the potential for revenue
 market share




are at the forefront of evolution around




offer marketing
 pricing and product




are fundamentally sound companies that




offer the opportunity for our management
                                         team to partner with established target management teams or business owners to achieve
                                         long-term strategic and operational excellence
 or
 in some cases
 where our access to
                                         accomplished executives and the skills of the management of identified targets warrants




exhibit unrecognized value or other
                                         characteristics
 desirable returns on capital and a need for capital to achieve the company&rsquo;s
                                         growth strategy
 that we believe have been misevaluated by the marketplace based on our




will offer an attractive risk-adjusted




relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based
 to the extent relevant
 on these general guidelines
as well as other considerations
 factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter
into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines
 we will disclose
that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination
which
 as discussed in this report
 would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would
file with the SEC.




 we have conducted
and will continue to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass
 among other things
 meetings with incumbent
management and employees
 document reviews
 inspection of facilities
 as well as a review of financial and other information.
We also utilize our operational and capital allocation experience.


 we intend to:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For
each potential transaction
 we intend to assemble a team of industry and financial experts to supplement our management&rsquo;s
efforts to identify and resolve key issues facing a target business. We intend to construct an operating and financial plan that
optimizes the potential to grow shareholder value. With extensive experience investing in both healthy and underperforming businesses
we expect that our management will be able to demonstrate to the target business and its stakeholders that we have the resources
and expertise to lead the combined company through complex and potentially turbulent market conditions and provide the strategic
and operational direction necessary to grow the business in order to maximize cash flows and improve the overall strategic prospects
for the company.



    
    


Performing
disciplined
 fundamental research and analysis is core to our strategy
 and we intend to conduct extensive due diligence to evaluate
the impact that a transaction may have on a target business.

We
intend to understand the underlying purchase and industry behaviors that would enhance a potential transaction&rsquo;s attractiveness.
We have extensive experience in identifying and analyzing evolving industry and consumer trends
 and we expect to perform macro
as well as bottoms-up analysis on consumer and industry trends.

Acquire the target company at an attractive price relative
to our view of intrinsic value:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
experts
 our management team intends to develop its view of the intrinsic value of a potential business combination. In doing
so
 our management team will evaluate future cash flow potential
 relative industry valuation metrics and precedent transactions
to inform its view of intrinsic value
 with the intention of creating a business combination at an attractive price relative to
its view of intrinsic value.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Our
management team has the ability to structure and execute a business combination that will establish a capital structure that will
support the growth in shareholder value and give it the flexibility to grow organically and/or through strategic acquisitions.
We intend to also develop and implement strategies and initiatives to improve the business&rsquo; operational and financial performance
and create a platform for growth.

Seek strategic acquisitions and divestitures to further
grow shareholder value:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
including evaluating potential non-core asset sales to create financial and/or operational flexibility for the company to engage
in organic and/or inorganic growth. Our management team intends to evaluate strategic opportunities and chart a clear path to
take the business to the next level after the business combination.


 our management team
intends to apply a rigorous approach to enhancing shareholder value
 including evaluating the experience and expertise of incumbent
management and making changes where appropriate
 examining opportunities for revenue enhancement
 cost savings
 operating efficiencies
and strategic acquisitions and divestitures and developing and implementing corporate strategies and initiatives to improve profitability
and long-term value. In doing so
 our management team anticipates evaluating corporate governance
 opportunistically accessing
capital markets and other opportunities to enhance liquidity
 identifying acquisition and divestiture opportunities and properly
aligning management and board incentives with growing shareholder value. Our management team intends to pursue post-merger initiatives
through participation on the board of directors
 through direct involvement with company operations and/or calling upon a stable
of former managers and advisors when necessary.

Strategic Approach to Management.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

performance-based metrics based on strategic and operational goals
 both at the overall company level and for specific divisions
and functions.

Active
participation as board members can include many activities ranging from conducting monthly or quarterly board meetings to chairing
standing (compensation
 audit or investment committees) or special committees
 replacing or supplementing company management teams
when necessary
 adding outside directors with industry expertise which may or may not include members of our own board of directors
providing guidance on strategic and operational issues including revenue enhancement opportunities
 cost savings
 brand repositioning
operating efficiencies
 reviewing and testing annual budgets
 reviewing acquisitions and divestitures and assisting in the accessing
of capital markets to further optimize financing costs and fund expansion.

Our
management team members
 through ongoing board service
 intend to actively engage with company management. This is consistent
with the approach Mr. Simon and Mr. Carroll employed at Hain Celestial. These activities may include: (i) establishing an agenda
for management and instilling a sense of accountability and urgency; (ii) aligning the interest of management with growing shareholder
value; (iii) providing strategic planning and management consulting assistance
 particularly in regards to re-invested capital
and growth capital in order to grow revenues
 achieve more optimal operating scale or eliminate costs; (iv) establishing measurable
key performance metrics; and (v) complementing product lines and brands while growing market share in attractive market categories.
These skill sets will be integral to shareholder value creation.

Our
management team has expertise in identifying
 acquiring and integrating synergistic
 margin-enhancing and transformational businesses.
We intend to
 wherever possible
 utilize M&amp;A as a strategic tool to strengthen the financial profile of a business we acquire
as well as its competitive positioning. We would seek to enter into accretive business combinations where our management team
or an acquired company&rsquo;s management team can seamlessly transition to working together as one organization and team.

Through
their combined 120+ year history of investing in and controlling businesses
 our management team members have developed strong
professional relationships with former company managers and advisors. When appropriate
 we intend to bring in outside directors
managers or consultants to assist in corporate governance and operational turnaround activities. The use of supplemental advisors
should provide additional resources to management to address time intensive issues that may be delaying an organization from realizing
its full potential shareholder returns.


 due diligence processes and value
creation methods are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination
may be based
 to the extent relevant
 on these general guidelines as well as other considerations
 factors and criteria that our
management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business
that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines
 we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria
in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination
 which
 as discussed in this report
 would be in
the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC.



    
    





of our management team and their respective affiliates
 and the relationships they have developed as a result of such experience
provides us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. These individuals and entities have developed
a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through sourcing
 acquiring and
financing businesses and maintaining relationships with sellers
 financing sources and target management teams. Our management
team members have significant experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. We
believe that these networks of contacts and relationships and this experience provides us with important sources of investment
opportunities. In addition
 we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated
sources
 including investment market participants
 private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest noncore
assets or divisions.




with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor
 officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business
combination with a company that is affiliated with our officers or directors
 we
 or a committee of independent directors
 will
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions
for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair
to our company from a financial point of view.


affiliated entity
 or our Board of Directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses
we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
 another independent firm that commonly renders
valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or from an independent accounting firm that the price we
are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained
 our shareholders will
be relying on the business judgment of our Board of Directors
 which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard
used to establish the fair market value of the target or targets
 and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome
from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials
 as applicable
related to our initial business combination.


combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or
contractual obligations
 he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting
such business combination opportunity to us
 subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our officers and
directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties
to us.


ordinary shares and/or private placement warrants
 and
 accordingly
 may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a
particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further
 each
of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if
the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement
with respect to our initial business combination.


 our Executive Chairman
 is currently restricted
by non-compete and non-solicitation provisions contained in certain agreements with The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 which provisions
will be in effect for at least part of the time following the consummation of our initial public offering and which prohibits him
from competing with The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. and its subsidiaries solely with regard to certain natural or organic branded
products.


or director of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act
 until
we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial
business combination by April 25
 2021.




must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance
in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing
a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our Board of Directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses
 we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire
or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses
in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination.



    
    



so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests
or assets of the target business or businesses. We may
 however
 structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction
company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives
of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons
 but we will only complete such business combination if the
post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940
 as amended
 or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more
of the voting securities of the target
 our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest
in the post-transaction company
 depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction.
For example
 we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case
 we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However
 as a result of the
issuance of a substantial number of new shares
 our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity
interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company
 the portion of such
business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets test. If our initial
business combination involves more than one target business
 the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of
all of the target businesses.


SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result
 we are subject to the rules and
regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other
obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.




partner to target businesses. As an existing public company
 we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial
public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation
 the owners of the target business would exchange
their shares of stock in the target business for our shares or for a combination of our shares and cash
 allowing us to tailor
the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being
a public company
 we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public
company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering
 there are additional expenses incurred
in marketing
 road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business
combination with us.


 once a proposed business combination is completed
the target business will have effectively become public
 whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the ability to
complete the offering
 as well as general market conditions
 which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring. Once public
we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives
consistent with shareholders&rsquo; interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company&rsquo;s profile among potential
new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.


backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner
 some potential target businesses may have a negative view of us since
we are a blank check company
 without an operating history
 and there is uncertainty relating to our ability to obtain shareholder
approval of our proposed initial business combination and retain sufficient funds in our trust account in connection therewith.


&rdquo; as defined
in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following
April 25
 2024
 (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion
 or (c) in which we are deemed to be
a large accelerated filer
 which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million
as of the prior June 30
 and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
securities during the prior three-year period.




in the amount of $293
003
025 as of December 31
 2019 assuming no redemptions and after payment of $11
280
000 of deferred underwriting
fees
 before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination
 we offer a target business a variety of options
such as creating a liquidity event for its owners
 providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations
or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination
using our cash
 debt or equity securities
 or a combination of the foregoing
 we have the flexibility to use the most efficient
combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However
we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.



    
    





 and we will not engage in
any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the
proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants
 our shares
 debt or a combination
of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may
 although we do not currently intend to
seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early
stages of development or growth
 start-up companies or companies with speculative business plans or excess leverage
 which would
subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.


or debt securities
 or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection
with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares
 we may apply the balance of the
cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes
 including for maintenance or expansion of operations
of the post-transaction company
 the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business
combination
 to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.


of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination
 and we may effectuate our
initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account.


assets other than the trust account assets
 our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination
would disclose the terms of the financing and
 only if required by law
 we would seek shareholder approval of such financing.
There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination.
At this time
 we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional
funds through the sale of securities or otherwise.

Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial
business combination


must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance
in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing
a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will
be determined by our Board of Directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community
 such as
discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. Our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of
our Board of Directors
 which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value
of the target or targets
 and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used
will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials
 as applicable
 related to our initial business
combination.


market value of the target business or businesses
 we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent
accounting firm
 with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated
industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement
 our management has virtually unrestricted
flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses
 although we are not permitted to effectuate
our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.


 we will only complete an initial business combination
in which we own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we
own or acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses
 the portion of such business
or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net
assets test.


a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular
target business
 we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.


 we expect to conduct
a thorough due diligence review which will encompass
 among other things
 meetings with incumbent management and employees
 document
reviews
 inspection of facilities
 as well as a review of financial
 operational
 legal and other information which will be made
available to us.


and to structure and complete our initial business combination
 and the costs associated with this process
 are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective
target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and
will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.



    
    





initial business combination
 the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries
it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line
of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity
 our lack of diversification may:


subject us to negative economic
 competitive
                                         and regulatory developments
 any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact
                                         on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination;




cause us to depend on the marking and



Limited ability to evaluate the target&rsquo;s management
team


a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business
our assessment of the target business&rsquo;s management may not prove to be correct. In addition
 the future management may not
have the necessary skills
 qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore
 the future role of members of
our management team
 if any
 in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one
or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination
 it is unlikely
that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover
 we cannot
assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the
particular target business.


in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.


 we may seek to recruit additional
managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to
recruit additional managers
 or that such additional managers will have the requisite skills
 knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management.

Shareholders may not have the ability to approve our initial
business combination


to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
However
 we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule
 or we may decide to seek
shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons.


 shareholder approval
would be required for our initial business combination if
 for example:


we issue ordinary shares that will
                                         be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding




any of our directors
 officers or substantial
                                         shareholders (as defined by NASDAQ rules) has a 5% or greater interest (or such persons
                                         collectively have a 10% or greater interest)
 directly or indirectly
 in the target business
                                         or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary
                                         shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting




the issuance or potential issuance






combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules
 our sponsor
 directors
 officers
 advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the
number of shares such persons may purchase. However
 they have no current commitments
 plans or intentions to engage in such transactions
and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In the event our sponsor
 directors
 officers
 advisors
or their affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination
such purchases could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such transaction. None of the funds in the trust
account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they are in possession
of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the
Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder
 although still the record holder
of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We have adopted
an insider trading policy which requires insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when
they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution.
We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan
 as it will be dependent
upon several factors
 including but not limited to
 the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances
 our
insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary.



    
    



 directors
 officers
 advisors
or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to
exercise their redemption rights
 such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their
shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases
 if any
 would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer
rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however
if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules
 the purchasers will
comply with such rules.


in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination
or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination
 where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not
be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.


 if such purchases are made
 the public &ldquo;float&rdquo;
of our ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced
 which may make it
difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation
 listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.


 officers
 directors
 advisors and/or their affiliates
anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor
 officers
 directors
 advisors or their affiliates may
pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests
submitted by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the
extent that our sponsor
 officers
 directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase
 they would identify and contact
only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust
account or vote against the business combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom to acquire shares based
on the number of shares available
 the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant
at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public
shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor
officers
 directors
 advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the
Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.


 officers
 directors
 advisors
and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent
such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18
 which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under
Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with
in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor
 officers
 directors
 advisors and/or their affiliates
will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act.

Redemption rights for public shareholders upon completion
of our initial business combination


to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price
payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial business combination
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares
 subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account as of December 31
2019 was approximately $10.14 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their
shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. Our sponsor
 officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us
 pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to their founder shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.




to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i)
in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision
as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us
solely in our discretion
 and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms
of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under NASDAQ
rules
 asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company
where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek
to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. We intend to conduct
redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless shareholder approval is required by
law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long
as we maintain a listing for our securities on the NASDAQ
 we are required to comply with NASDAQ rules.



    
    



to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons
 we will
 pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association:


conduct the redemptions pursuant to
                                         Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act
 which regulate issuer tender offers;




file tender offer documents with the
                                         SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially
                                         the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the
                                         redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act
 which regulates




we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in
the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer
 to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.


offer rules
 our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days
 in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange
Act
 and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period.
In addition
 the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares which are not purchased by our sponsor
 which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets
 after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions
 to be less than
$5
000
001 upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo;
rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business
combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase
 we will withdraw the tender offer and
not complete the initial business combination.


 however
 shareholder approval of the transaction is required
by law or stock exchange listing requirement
 or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons
we will
 pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:


conduct the redemptions in conjunction
                                         with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act
 which regulates
                                         the solicitation of proxies








shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However
 we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available
to such shareholders well in advance of such time
 providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction
with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so
 we currently intend to comply with the substantive and procedural
requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our NASDAQ listing
or Exchange Act registration.


business combination
 we will distribute proxy materials and
 in connection therewith
 provide our public shareholders with the
redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination.


 we will complete our initial
business combination only if a majority of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the
business combination. In such case
 pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us
 our sponsor
 officers and
directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares
purchased in favor of our initial business combination. We expect that at the time of any shareholder vote relating to our initial
business combination
 our sponsor and its permitted transferees will own at least 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares
entitled to vote thereon. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for
or against the proposed transaction. In addition
 our sponsor
 officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with
us
 pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares
in connection with the completion of a business combination.


provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than
$5
000
001 upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo;
rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant
to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example
 the proposed business combination may require: (i)
cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners
 (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other
general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed
business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares
that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed
business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us
 we will not complete the business combination or redeem
any shares
 and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.



    
    


Limitation on redemption upon completion of our initial
business combination if we seek shareholder approval


 if we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder
together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a &ldquo;group&rdquo;
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act)
 will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares.
We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares
 and subsequent attempts by
such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force
us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other
undesirable terms. Absent this provision
 a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in our
initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder&rsquo;s shares are not purchased by us
or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our
shareholders&rsquo; ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares sold in our initial public offering
 we believe we will limit
the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination
particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash. However
 we would not be restricting our shareholders&rsquo; ability to vote all of their
shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our sponsor
 officers and directors have
 pursuant
to a letter agreement entered into with us
 waived their right to have any founder shares or public shares held by them redeemed
in connection with our initial business combination. Unless any of our other affiliates acquires founder shares through a permitted
transfer from an initial shareholder
 and thereby becomes subject to the letter agreement
 no such affiliate is subject to this
waiver. However
 to the extent any such affiliate acquires public shares in our initial public offering or thereafter through
open market purchases
 it would be a public shareholder and restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to any Excess
Shares.

Tendering share certificates in connection with a tender
offer or redemption rights


their redemption rights
 whether they are record holders or hold their shares in &ldquo;street name
&rdquo; to either tender their
certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents
 or up to two business days
prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials
 or to deliver
their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company&rsquo;s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian)
System
 rather than simply voting against the initial business combination. The tender offer or proxy materials
 as applicable
that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether
we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly
 a public shareholder would have from
the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period
 or up to two days prior to the vote
on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials
 as applicable
 to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise
its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules
 the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and
in the case of a shareholder vote
 a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the
shareholder vote. However
 we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance
of such time
 providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given
the relatively short exercise period
 it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.


tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will
typically charge the tendering broker $80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming
holder. However
 this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights
to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of
when such delivery must be effectuated.


blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations
 many blank check
companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders&rsquo; vote on an initial business combination
 and a holder could
simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise
his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved
 the company would contact such shareholder to arrange
for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result
 the shareholder then had an &ldquo;option window&rdquo;
after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company&rsquo;s shares
in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price
 he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before
actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result
 the redemption rights
 to which shareholders
were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder meeting
 would become &ldquo;option&rdquo; rights surviving past the completion
of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery
prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder&rsquo;s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is
approved.


 once made
 may be withdrawn
at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the shareholder meeting set forth in our proxy
materials
 as applicable. Furthermore
 if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election
of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights
 such holder may
simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds
to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion
of our initial business combination.



    
    



for any reason
 then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their
shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case
 we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.


we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target April 25
 2021.

Redemption of public shares and liquidation if no initial
business combination


 2021 to complete our initial business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by April 25
 2021
 we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
including interest (less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable)
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders&rsquo;
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our Board of Directors
 liquidate and dissolve
 subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
with respect to our warrants
 which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 25
2021.


 officers and directors have entered into a letter
agreement with us
 pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 25
 2021. However
 if our sponsor acquires
public shares after our initial public offering
 they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by such date.


 officers and directors have agreed
 pursuant to
a written letter agreement with us
 that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association that would (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination by April 25
 2021 or (ii) with respect to the other provisions relating to shareholders&rsquo;
rights or pre-business combination activity
 unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class
A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares. However
 we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets
to be less than $5
000
001 upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC&rsquo;s
&ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public
shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above)
 we would not proceed with the amendment
or the related redemption of our public shares.


our plan of dissolution
 as well as payments to any creditors
 will be funded from amounts remaining out of the $1
005
831 of
proceeds held outside the trust account (as of December 31
 2019)
 although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient
funds for such purpose. However
 if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution
 to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes
 we may
request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to $100
000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses.


public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants
 other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account
 and without
taking into account interest
 if any
 earned on the trust account
 the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon
our dissolution would be approximately $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could
 however
 become subject to the
claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that
the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than $10.00. While we intend to
pay such amounts
 if any
 we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors&rsquo; claims.


vendors
 service providers (other than our independent auditors)
 prospective target businesses or other entities with which we
do business execute agreements with us waiving any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the
trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders
 there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even
if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not
limited to fraudulent inducement
 breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims
 as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver
 in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets
 including
the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held
in the trust account
 our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an
agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party&rsquo;s engagement would
be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party
that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where
management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver.



    
    



 there is no guarantee that such entities will
agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of
 or arising out of
 any negotiations
 contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares
 if we are unable
to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame
 or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection
with our initial business combination
 we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived
that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if
and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to
us
 or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement
 reduce the amount of
funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account
 due to reductions in value of the trust assets
 in each case net
of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third
party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities
 including liabilities under the Securities Act.
Because we are a blank check company
 rather than an operating company
 and our operations are limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire
 the only third parties we currently expect to engage would be vendors such as lawyers
 investment
bankers
 computer or information and technical services providers or prospective target businesses. In the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party
 then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity
obligations and believe that our sponsor&rsquo;s only assets are securities of our company. None of our other officers will indemnify
us for claims by third parties including
 without limitation
 claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.


below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
liquidation of the trust account
 due to reductions in value of the trust assets
 in each case net of the amount of interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes
 and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it
has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim
 our independent directors would determine whether to take legal
action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us
 it is possible that
our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly
we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially
less than $10.00 per share.


the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors
 service providers (other than our independent
auditors)
 prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right
title
 interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any
claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities
 including liabilities
under the Securities Act. We have access to up to $1
005
831 from the proceeds held outside the trust account (as of December
31
 2019) with which to pay any such potential claims. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the
reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient
 shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for
claims made by creditors.


petition is filed against us that is not dismissed
 the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law
 and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of
our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account
 we cannot assure you we will be able to return
$10.00 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally
 if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed
 any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a &ldquo;preferential transfer&rdquo; or a &ldquo;fraudulent conveyance.&rdquo; As a result
a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore
 our board may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith
 and thereby exposing itself and our company to
claims of punitive damages
 by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.


the trust account only upon the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial business combination
 (ii) the redemption of any
public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination by April 25
 2021 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders&rsquo;
rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete
our initial business combination by April 25
 2021
 subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have
any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our
initial business combination
 a shareholder&rsquo;s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in
a shareholder&rsquo;s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must
have also exercised its redemption rights described above.



    
    





contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the consummation
of our initial business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association relating to shareholders&rsquo; rights or pre-business combination activity
 we will provide dissenting public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. Our sponsor
 officers and directors have
agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination. Specifically
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides
 among
other things
 that:


prior to the consummation of our initial
                                         business combination
 we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business
                                         combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem
                                         their shares
 regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination
                                         into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
                                         including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our
                                         public shareholders with the opportunity to tender their shares to us by means of a tender
                                         offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their
                                         pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
 including
                                         interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) in each case subject to the limitations




we will consummate our initial business
                                         combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5
000
001 upon such consummation
                                         and
 solely if we seek shareholder approval
 a majority of the issued and outstanding




if our initial business combination
                                         is not consummated by April 25
 2021
 then our existence will terminate and we will distribute




prior to our initial business combination
                                         we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to




holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial
business combination
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we may consummate our initial
business combination only if approved by a majority of the ordinary shares voted by our shareholders at a duly held shareholders
meeting.




 evaluating and selecting a target business
for our initial business combination
 we have encountered and may continue to encounter intense competition from other entities
having a business objective similar to ours
 including other blank check companies
 private equity groups and leveraged buyout
funds
 and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover
 many of these competitors
possess greater financial
 technical
 human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses is limited
by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target
business. Furthermore
 our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights
may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants
 and the future dilution
they potentially represent
 may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at
a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.




 and in the
future any of our directors and our officers may have additional
 fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant
to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity. Accordingly
 subject
to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law
 if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity
which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations
 he or she will need
to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity
 and only present
it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that
subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law
 we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered
to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise
be reasonable for us to pursue. We do not believe
 however
 that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors
or officers would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination.




to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us
or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement
 reduce the amount of funds
in the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets
 in each case net of
the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who
executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of
the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities
 including liabilities under the Securities Act. Because
we are a blank check company
 rather than an operating company
 and our operations are limited to searching for prospective target
businesses to acquire
 the only third parties we currently expect to engage would be vendors such as lawyers
 investment bankers
computer or information and technical services providers or prospective target businesses. Moreover
 in the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party
 our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity
obligations and believe that our sponsor&rsquo;s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve
for such obligations.


    
    





team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem
necessary to our affairs and intend to continue doing so until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount
of time that our officers or any other members of our management team devotes in any time period may vary based on whether a target
business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process.




 Class A ordinary shares and warrants are registered
under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations
 including the requirement that we file annual
 quarterly and current
reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act
 this report contains financial statements audited
and reported on by our independent registered public auditors.


of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with
or be reconciled to
 U.S. GAAP
 or IFRS
 depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required
to be audited in accordance with the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses
we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance
with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. While this may limit
the pool of potential acquisition candidates
 we do not believe that this limitation will be material.


for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2020 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer or an accelerated filer
 and no longer an emerging growth company
 will we be required to have our internal
control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding
adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.


&rdquo; as defined
in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act
 as modified by the JOBS Act. As such
 we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not &ldquo;emerging growth companies&rdquo;
including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements
 and exemptions
from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result
 there may be a
less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.


 Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that
an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of
the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words
 an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo;
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend
to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.


of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering
 (b)
in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion
 or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer
 which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior
June 30
 and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during
the prior three-year period. References herein to &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; shall have the meaning associated with
it in the JOBS Act.



    
    




    
    


You should consider carefully all of the following risk
factors and all the other information contained in this report
 including the financial statements. If any of the following risks
occur
 our business
 financial condition or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. In that event
 the
trading price of our securities could decline
 and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors described below
are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect to us and our business. 

We are a recently formed early stage company with no
operating history and no revenues
 and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.


the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history
 you have no basis upon which to
evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target
businesses. We may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination
we will never generate any operating revenues.

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity
to vote on our proposed business combination
 which means we may complete our initial business combination even if a majority
of our public shareholders do not support such a combination.


combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable Cayman Islands law or the rules
of the NASDAQ or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. Examples of transactions that would not
ordinarily require shareholder approval under Cayman Islands law or the rules of the NASDAQ include asset acquisitions and share
purchases
 while transactions such as direct mergers with our company or transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding
shares would require shareholder approval. For instance
 the NASDAQ rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu
of a shareholder meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20% of
our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore
 if we were structuring a
business combination that required us to issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares
 we would seek shareholder approval of
such business combination. Except as required by law or NASDAQ rules
 the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval
of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us
solely in our discretion
 and will be based on a variety of factors
 such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms
of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly
 we may consummate our initial business
combination even if holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination
we consummate.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination
 after approval of our board
 our sponsor
 officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business
combination
 regardless of how our public shareholders vote.


agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public shareholders in connection
with an initial business combination
 our sponsor
 officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree)
pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us
 to vote any founder shares held by them
 as well as any public
shares purchased after our initial public offering
 in favor of our initial business combination. We expect that our sponsor and
its permitted transferees will own at least 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares at the time of any such shareholder
vote. As a result
 in addition to our initial shareholder&rsquo;s founder shares
 we would need only 9
787
501
 or 37.5%
 of the
26
100
000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares
are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Accordingly
if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
 after approval of our board
 it is more likely that the necessary
shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if such persons agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance
with the majority of the votes cast by our public shareholders.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash
unless we seek shareholder approval of the business combination.


 you will not be provided
with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our Board of Directors may
complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval
 public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity
to vote on the business combination
 unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly
 if we do not seek shareholder approval
your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising
your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents
mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination.

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their
shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets
 which may make it difficult
for us to enter into a business combination with a target.


agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights
 we would not be able to meet such closing condition
and
 as a result
 would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore
 in no event will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets
 after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions
 to be less
than $5
000
001 upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny
stock&rdquo; rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to
our initial business combination. Consequently
 if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than $5
000
001 upon consummation of our initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy
a closing condition as described above
 we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may
instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and
 thus
 may be reluctant
to enter into a business combination transaction with us.


    
    


The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize
our capital structure.


combination
 we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights
 and therefore we will need to structure
the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price
 or requires us
to have a minimum amount of cash at closing
 we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements
or arrange for third party financing. In addition
 if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially
expected
 we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange
for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of
indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore
 this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions
of the Class B ordinary shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion
of the Class B shares at the time of the initial business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete
the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would
be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.


use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price
 or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing
the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination
is unsuccessful
 you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you
are in need of immediate liquidity
 you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however
 at such time our shares
may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation
 you may suffer a material
loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are
able to sell your shares in the open market.

The requirement that we complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution
deadline
 which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for
our shareholders.


concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by April 25
 2021. Consequently
such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
 knowing that if we do not complete our
initial business combination with that particular target business
 we may be unable to complete our initial business combination
with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition
 we may have
limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected
upon a more comprehensive investigation.

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame
 in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would
redeem our public shares and liquidate
 in which case our public shareholders may only receive $10.00 per share
 or less than
such amount in certain circumstances
 and our warrants will expire worthless.


 officers and directors have agreed that we must
complete our initial business combination by April 25
 2021. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete
our initial business combination by such date. If we have not completed our initial business combination by such date
 we will:
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable
 and less up to $100
000 of interest to
pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish
public shareholders&rsquo; rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of
our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors
 liquidate and dissolve
 subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case
 our public shareholders
may only receive $10.00 per share
 and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances
 our public shareholders may
receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares.



    
    


If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination
 our sponsor
 directors
 officers
 advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public shareholders
which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public &ldquo;float&rdquo; of our ordinary shares.


and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules
 our
sponsor
 directors
 officers
 advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the
open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination
 although they are under no obligation
to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder
 although still the record holder of
our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event
that our sponsor
 directors
 officers
 advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from
public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights
 such selling shareholders would be required
to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than
the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business
combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase
the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business
combination
 where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial
business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.


 if such purchases are made
 the public &ldquo;float&rdquo;
of our ordinary shares and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced
 possibly making it difficult to
maintain the quotation
 listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer
to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
 or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
its shares
 such shares may not be redeemed.


as applicable
 when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these
rules
 if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials
 as applicable
 such shareholder may not become aware
of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition
 the tender offer documents or proxy materials
 as applicable
 that we will
furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures
that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply
with these procedures
 its shares may not be redeemed.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from
the trust account
 except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment
 therefore
 you may be forced to sell
your public shares or warrants
 potentially at a loss.


the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination
 (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to shareholders&rsquo; rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of
all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our
initial public offering
 subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder
have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Accordingly
 to liquidate your investment
 you may be forced to sell
your public shares or warrants
 potentially at a loss.

NASDAQ may delist our securities from trading on its
exchange
 which could limit investors&rsquo; ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions.


 we
cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on NASDAQ in the future or prior to our initial business combination.
In order to continue listing our securities on NASDAQ prior to our initial business combination
 we must maintain certain financial
distribution and share price levels. Generally
 we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders&rsquo; equity (generally $2
500
000)
and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally
 in connection with our initial
business combination
 we will be required to demonstrate compliance with NASDAQ&rsquo;s initial listing requirements
 which are
more rigorous than NASDAQ&rsquo;s continued listing requirements
 in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities
on NASDAQ. For instance
 our share price would generally be required to be at least $4.00 per share
 our shareholders&rsquo; equity
would generally be required to be at least $5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of
our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.


and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange
 we expect our securities could be quoted on
an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur
 we could face significant material adverse consequences
 including:


a limited availability of market quotations








a determination that our Class A ordinary
                                         shares is a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; which will require brokers trading in our Class
                                         A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced




a limited amount of news and analyst




a decreased ability to issue additional





    
    



 which
is a federal statute
 prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities
 which are referred to as
&ldquo;covered securities.&rdquo; Because our units and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on NASDAQ
 our units
Class A ordinary shares and warrants are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our
securities
 the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud
 and
 if there
is a finding of fraudulent activity
 then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case.
While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check
companies
 other than the State of Idaho
 certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might
use these powers
 or threaten to use these powers
 to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states.
Further
 if we were no longer listed on NASDAQ
 our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation
in each state in which we offer our securities
 including in connection with our initial business combination.

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded
to investors of some other blank check companies.


sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business
that has not been identified
 we may be deemed to be a &ldquo;blank check&rdquo; company under the United States securities laws.
However
 because we have net tangible assets in excess of $5
000
000 we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect
investors in blank check companies
 such as Rule 419. Accordingly
 investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those
rules. Among other things
 this means that we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than
do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover
 if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419
 that rule would prohibit
the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were
released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules
 and if you or a &ldquo;group&rdquo; of shareholders
are deemed to hold 15% or more of our Class A ordinary shares
 you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of
15% of our Class A ordinary shares.


and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules
 our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder
 together with any affiliate of
such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a &ldquo;group&rdquo; (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act)
 will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to an aggregate of 15% or more
of the shares sold in our initial public offering
 which we refer to as the &ldquo;Excess Shares.&rdquo; However
 we would not
be restricting our shareholders&rsquo; ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial
business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial
business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions.
Additionally
 you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business
combination. And as a result
 you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and
 in order to dispose of such shares
would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions
 potentially at a loss.

Because of our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities
 it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
 our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per
share
 or less in certain circumstances
 on our redemption
 and our warrants will expire worthless.


competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours
 including private investors (which may be individuals
or investment partnerships)
 other blank check companies and other entities
 domestic and international
 competing for the types
of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting
 directly or indirectly
 acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various
industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical
 human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than
we do and our financial resources are relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe
there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the
sale of the private placement warrants
 our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that
are sizable is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in
pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore
 if we are obligated to pay cash for the Class A ordinary shares
redeemed and
 in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
 we make purchases of our Class A
ordinary shares
 potentially reducing the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our
initial business combination
 our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share (or less in certain circumstances)
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances
 our public shareholders
may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares.



    
    


If the net proceeds of our offering not being held in
the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until April 25
 2021
 we may be unable to complete our initial business
combination.


not be sufficient to allow us to operate until April 25
 2021
 assuming that our initial business combination is not completed
during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management&rsquo;s plans to address
this need for capital through our initial public offering and potential loans from certain of our affiliates are discussed in
the section of this report titled &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&rdquo;
However
 our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future
 and we may not be able to raise additional financing
from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding
our ability to continue as a going concern at such time.


account
 will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least until April 25
 2021; however
 we cannot assure you that our estimate
is accurate. Of the funds available to us
 we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist
us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a &ldquo;no-shop&rdquo;
provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from &ldquo;shopping&rdquo; around for transactions
with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination
although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive
exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or
otherwise)
 we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for
 or conduct due diligence with respect to
 a target business.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
 our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per
share (or less in certain circumstances) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In such
case
 our public shareholders may only receive $10.00 per share
 and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances
our public shareholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares.

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and
the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient
 it could limit the amount available
to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans
from our sponsor or management team to fund our search
 to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination.


sale of the private placement warrants
 only approximately $1
005
800 as of December 31
 2019 is available to us outside the trust
account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek additional capital
 we would need to borrow funds
from our sponsor
 management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor
 members
of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such
advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial
business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available
to us
 we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently
 our public shareholders may only receive
approximately $10.00 per share (or less in certain circumstances) on our redemption of our public shares
 and our warrants will
expire worthless. In such case
 our public shareholders may only receive $10.00 per share
 and our warrants will expire worthless.
In certain circumstances
 our public shareholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares.

Subsequent to the completion of our initial business
combination
 we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs
 restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition
 results of operations and our share price
 which could cause you to
lose some or all of your investment.


with which we combine
 we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present inside a
particular target business
 that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence
or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors
we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets
 restructure our operations
 or incur impairment or other charges that
could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks
 unexpected risks may arise
and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Although these charges
may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity
 the fact that we report charges of this nature could
contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition
 charges of this nature may cause us to violate
net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or
by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly
 any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following
the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value.

If third parties bring claims against us
 the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00
per share.


funds from third-party claims against us. Although we seek to have all vendors
 service providers (other than our independent
auditors)
 prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right
title
 interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders
such parties may not execute such agreements
 or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing
claims against the trust account
 including
 but not limited to
 fraudulent inducement
 breach of fiduciary responsibility or
other similar claims
 as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver
 in each case in order to gain advantage
with respect to a claim against our assets
 including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute
an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account
 our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes
that such third party&rsquo;s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.



    
    



party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills
are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or
in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition
 there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of
 or arising out of
 any negotiations
contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public
shares
 if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe
 or upon the exercise of
a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination
 we will be required to provide for payment of claims of
creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly
 the per-share
redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the $10.00 per share initially held in the trust account
due to claims of such creditors.


to the extent any claims by a vendor (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us
 or a
prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement
 reduce the amount of funds in
the trust account to below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as
of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets
 in each case net of the
interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes
 except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights
to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering
against certain liabilities
 including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover
 in the event that an executed waiver is
deemed to be unenforceable against a third party
 our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations
and believe that our sponsor&rsquo;s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not have sufficient funds available
to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations
 and therefore
 no funds are currently
set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result
 if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account
 the
funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In
such event
 we may not be able to complete our initial business combination
 and you would receive such lesser amount per share
in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including
 without limitation
 claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification
obligations of our sponsor
 resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to
our public shareholders.


below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets
 in each case net of the interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes
 and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim
 our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our
sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal
action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us
 it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors
choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations
 the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to
our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.

If
 after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account
to our public shareholders
 we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed
 a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds
 and the members of our Board of Directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors
 thereby exposing the members of our Board of Directors and us to claims of punitive
damages.


 after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to
our public shareholders
 we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a
&ldquo;preferential transfer&rdquo; or a &ldquo;fraudulent conveyance.&rdquo; As a result
 a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition
 our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty
to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith
 thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages
 by paying public
shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.

If
 before distributing the proceeds in the trust account
to our public shareholders
 we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed
 the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.


 before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to
our public shareholders
 we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed
the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law
 and may be included in our bankruptcy estate
and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
deplete the trust account
 the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation
may be reduced.



    
    


If we are deemed to be an investment company under the
Investment Company Act
 we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.


Company Act
 our activities may be restricted
 including:


restrictions on the nature of our investments;




restrictions on the issuance of securities




for us to complete our initial business combination.


 we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements
including:






adoption of a specific form of corporate




reporting
 record keeping
 voting




to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in United States government
treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted
to these instruments
 we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act
 compliance with these additional regulatory burdens
would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
 our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per
share
 or less in certain circumstances
 on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Changes in laws or regulations
 or a failure to comply
with any laws and regulations
 may adversely affect our business
 investments and results of operations.


regional and local governments. In particular
 we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
with
 and monitoring of
 applicable laws and regulations may be difficult
 time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect
on our business
 investments and results of operations. In addition
 a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations
as interpreted and applied
 could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination
within 24 months of the closing of our initial public offering
 our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 24 months
before redemption from our trust account.


within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering
 we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account (less up to $100
000 of the net interest earned thereon to pay dissolution expenses)
 pro rata to our public shareholders
by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs
 as further described herein.
Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to windup
 liquidate the trust account
and distribute such amount therein
 pro rata
 to our public shareholders
 as part of any liquidation process
 such winding up
liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Law. In that case
 investors may be forced
to wait beyond the initial 24 months before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them and they receive
the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors
prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only
then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public
shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination.

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third
parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.


 any
distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the
date on which the distribution was made
 we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.
As a result
 a liquidator could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore
 our directors may be viewed
as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith
 and thereby exposing themselves
and our company to claims
 by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We
cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly
and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay
our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of $18
292.68
and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands.



    
    


We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until
after the consummation of our initial business combination. Our public shareholders will not have the right to appoint directors
prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.


we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on NASDAQ. There is no requirement under the Companies Law for us to hold annual general meetings in order to appoint directors.
Until we hold an annual meeting of shareholders
 public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs
with management. In addition
 as holders of our Class A ordinary shares
 our public shareholders will not have the right to vote
on the appointment of directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination.

We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time
 and such registration may not
be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants
 thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants
except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless.


upon exercise of the warrants issued in our initial public offering under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this
time. However
 under the terms of the warrant agreement
 we have agreed that as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than
15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination
 we will use our best efforts to file
 and within 60 business
days following our initial business combination to have declared effective
 a registration statement covering such shares and
maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
 until the expiration
of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so
if
 for example
 any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration
statement or prospectus
 the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or
the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants issued in our initial public offering are not
registered under the Securities Act
 we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However
no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis
 and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking
to exercise their warrants
 unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities
laws of the state of the exercising holder
 or an exemption is available. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if a registration statement
covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following
the consummation of our initial business combination
 warrant holders may
 until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement
 exercise warrants on
a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
 provided that such exemption is
available. If that exemption
 or another exemption
 is not available
 holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a
cashless basis. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an
exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant
 or issue securities or other compensation
in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants issued
in our initial public offering under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares
upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification
 the holder of such
warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event
holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the
Class A ordinary shares included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us
 we may not exercise our redemption
right if the issuance of shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable
state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or
qualify such shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us
in our initial public offering.

The grant of registration rights to our sponsor and holders
of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination
 and the future exercise
of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares.


issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering
 our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that
we register their founder shares
 after those shares convert to our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business
combination. In addition
 holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register
the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants
 and holders
of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
 may demand that we register such warrants or the Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration
and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the
market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition
 the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business
combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity
stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of
our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our sponsor
 holders of our private placement warrants
or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered.



    
    


Our Executive Chairman is party to certain agreements that will
limit the types of companies that we can target for an initial business combination
 among other restrictions
 which could limit
our prospects for an initial business combination or make us a less attractive buyer to certain target companies.


 our Executive Chairman
 is a party to an agreement
with The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 or Hain Celestial
 which contains confidentiality
 non-competition and non-solicitation provisions
with respect to Hain Celestial and its subsidiaries.


and succession agreements with Hain Celestial
 which provisions are in effect for 3 years from November 2018
 and which prohibit
Mr. Simon from (i) soliciting customers of Hain Celestial and (ii) providing competing services to entities competing with Hain
Celestial or its subsidiaries in the manufacture or marketing of natural or organic branded products developed or sold by Hain
Celestial or its subsidiaries for the two years before November 2018
 in counties of any country where Hain Celestial or its subsidiaries
does business and where Mr. Simon had provided services to Hain Celestial or received confidential information about from Hain
Celestial
 for the two years before November 2018. Mr. Simon may request that Hain Celestial&rsquo;s Board of Directors approve
limited exceptions to the non-compete described above
 and Hain Celestial&rsquo;s Board shall consider such requests in good faith
but may disapprove any such exception if it reasonably determines such disapproval is necessary to protect Hain Celestial&rsquo;s
business
 goodwill and customer relationships.


 we will not seek an initial business
combination with any company with operations in the businesses described above. In addition
 if our initial business combination
does not cause a violation of the non-competition agreements
 no assurance can be given that the combined company would not in
the future engage in competitive activities which would cause a breach of the non-competition agreement. If a court were to conclude
that a violation of the non-competition agreement had occurred
 it could extend the term of any or all of the non-competition restrictions
and/or enjoin Mr. Simon from participating in our company
 or enjoin us from engaging in aspects of the business which compete
with Hain Celestial
 as applicable. The court could also impose monetary damages against Mr. Simon or us. This could materially
harm our business and the trading prices of our securities.


 any litigation associated
with the non-competition agreements could be time consuming
 costly and distract management&rsquo;s focus from locating suitable
acquisition candidates and operating our business.

Litigation brought by third parties against certain members
of our management team in connection with their prior employment may affect our business combination process.


 several class and derivative
actions were filed in connection with certain public disclosures made by The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 including financial performance
disclosures submitted to the SEC for fiscal years 2014
 2015
 and 2016. Irwin Simon
 our Executive Chairman
 and John Carroll
our Chief Executive Officer
 are named as individual defendants in each of these lawsuits. The lawsuits generally share a factual
nexus
 and allege securities law violations against all defendants
 including Messrs. Simon and Carroll.


are defending vigorously against the lawsuits. While Mr. Simon and Mr. Carroll do not believe such litigation
 if it continues
after our initial public offering
 will be time consuming nor divert their attention from our search for a target business
 it
is possible that the litigation does consume some of their time and that potential target businesses may ask about the status
of the litigation.



    
    


Because we are not limited to a particular industry or
any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination
 you will be unable to ascertain the merits
or risks of any particular target business&rsquo;s operations.


industries
 except that we are not
 under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 permitted to effectuate
our business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations and we will not seek a company
engaged in the manufacture or marketing of natural or organic branded products because of the non-competition agreement entered
into by Mr. Simon with Hain Celestial. To the extent we complete our business combination
 we may be affected by numerous risks
inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example
 if we combine with a financially unstable business or an
entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings
 we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations
of a financially unstable or an early stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business
 we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors
or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore
 some of these risks may be outside of our control and
leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot
assure you that an investment in our shares will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment
 if
such opportunity were available
 in a business combination target. Accordingly
 any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders
following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have
a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our
officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them
 or if they are able to successfully bring a private
claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an
actionable material misstatement or material omission.

Past performance by our management team and their respective
affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.


 or businesses associated
with
 our management team and their affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management
team
 including their affiliates&rsquo; past performance
 is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business
combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination.
You should not rely on the historical record of our management team and their affiliates as indicative of our future performance.
Additionally
 in the course of their respective careers
 members of our management team have been involved in businesses and deals
that were unsuccessful.

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or
sectors that may be outside of our management&rsquo;s areas of expertise.


areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive
acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management&rsquo;s
expertise
 our management&rsquo;s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation
 and the information
contained in this report regarding the areas of our management&rsquo;s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of
the business that we elect to acquire. As a result
 our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the
significant risk factors. Accordingly
 any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our initial business combination
could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines
that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses
 we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines
 and as a result
 the target business with which we enter into our
initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.


for evaluating prospective target businesses
 it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that
does not meet some or all of these guidelines
 such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that
does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition
 if we announce a prospective business combination with a target
that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines
 a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights
which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net
worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition
 if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law
 or we decide to
obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons
 it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval
of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination
 our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We may seek acquisition opportunities with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings.


with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings
 we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and
difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business
 we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors
and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore
 some of these risks may be outside of our control and
leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business.

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking or from an independent accounting firm
 and consequently
 you may have no assurance from an independent source
that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view.


entity
 or our Board of Directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses
 we
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders
valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or from an independent accounting firm that the price we
are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained
 our shareholders will
be relying on the judgment of our Board of Directors
 who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted
by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials
as applicable
 related to our initial business combination. However
 if our Board of Directors is unable to determine the fair
value of an entity with which we seek to complete an initial business combination based on such standards
 we will be required
to obtain an opinion as described above.


    
    


We may issue additional Class A ordinary or preference
shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business
combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than
one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely
present other risks.


authorizes the issuance of up to 200
000
000 Class A ordinary shares
 par value $0.0001 per share
 20
000
000 Class B ordinary
shares
 par value $0.0001 per share and 2
000
000 undesignated preference shares
 par value $0.0001 per share. There are currently
148
250
000 and 12
500
000 authorized but unissued Class A and Class B ordinary shares available
 respectively
 for issuance
which amount takes into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants but not upon conversion of
the Class B ordinary shares. Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares
 initially at a one-for-one
ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. There
are currently no preference shares issued and outstanding.


and may issue preference shares
 in order to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after
completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary
shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However
 our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provides
 among other things
 that prior to our initial business combination
 we may not issue additional
ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial
business combination. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preference shares:


may significantly dilute the equity




may subordinate the rights of holders
                                         of ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded




could cause a change in control if
                                         a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued
 which may affect
 among other things
                                         our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards
 if any
 and could result in




may adversely affect prevailing market
                                         prices for our units



We may be a passive foreign investment company
 or &ldquo;PFIC
&rdquo;
which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.


below) for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined below) of
our ordinary shares or warrants
 the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject
to additional reporting requirements. The term &ldquo;U.S. Holder&rdquo; means a beneficial owner of ordinary shares or warrants
who or that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States
 (ii) a corporation
(or other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized (or treated
as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States
 any state thereof or the District of Columbia
 (iii) an estate
the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source or (iv) a trust if (A) a court
within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons
have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust
 or (B) it has in effect a valid election to be treated as
a U.S. person.


 non-U.S.) corporation will be a PFIC for U.S.
tax purposes if at least 75% of its gross income in a taxable year
 including its pro rata share of the gross income of any corporation
in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value
 is passive income. Alternatively
 a foreign corporation
will be a PFIC if at least 50% of its assets in a taxable year of the foreign corporation
 ordinarily determined based on fair
market value and averaged quarterly over the year
 including its pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which it is
considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value
 are held for the production of
 or produce
 passive income. Passive income
generally includes dividends
 interest
 rents and royalties (other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of
a trade or business) and gains from the disposition of passive assets.


 with no current active
business
 we believe that it is likely that we will meet the PFIC asset or income test for the taxable year ending December 31
2020. However
 pursuant to a start-up exception
 a corporation will not be a PFIC for the first taxable year the corporation has
gross income (the &ldquo;start-up year&rdquo;
 which in our case is the taxable year ending December 31
 2019)
 if (1) no predecessor
of the corporation was a PFIC; (2) the corporation satisfies the IRS that it will not be a PFIC for either of the two taxable
years following the start-up year; and (3) the corporation is not in fact a PFIC for either of those years. The applicability
of the start-up exception to us will not be known until after the close of our current taxable year ending December 31
 2019.
After the acquisition of a company or assets in a business combination
 we may still meet one of the PFIC tests depending on the
timing of the acquisition and the amount of our passive income and assets as well as the passive income and assets of the acquired
business. If the company that we acquire in a business combination is a PFIC
 then we will likely not qualify for the start-up
exception and will be a PFIC for our current taxable year ending December 31
 2019. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable
year or any future taxable year
 however
 will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Accordingly
 there
can be no assurance with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year ending December 31
 2019 or any future taxable
year.



    
    



portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares or warrants and
 in the case of
our ordinary shares
 the U.S. Holder did not make either a timely qualified electing fund (&ldquo;QEF&rdquo;) election for our
first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder held (or was deemed to hold) ordinary shares or a timely &ldquo;mark to
market&rdquo; election
 each as described below
 such holder generally will be subject to special rules with respect to:


any
                                         gain recognized by the U.S. Holder on the sale or other disposition of its ordinary shares
                                         or warrants; and



any
                                         &ldquo;excess distribution&rdquo; made to the U.S. Holder (generally
 any distributions
                                         to such U.S. Holder during a taxable year of the U.S. Holder that are greater than 125%
                                         of the average annual distributions received by such U.S. Holder in respect of the ordinary
                                         shares during the three preceding taxable years of such U.S. Holder or
 if shorter
 such
                                         U.S. Holder&rsquo;s holding period for the ordinary shares).






the
                                         U.S. Holder&rsquo;s gain or excess distribution will be allocated ratably over the U.S.
                                         Holder&rsquo;s holding period for the ordinary shares and warrants (as applicable);



the
                                         amount allocated to the U.S. Holder&rsquo;s taxable year in which the U.S. Holder recognized
                                         the gain or received the excess distribution
 or to the period in the U.S. Holder&rsquo;s
                                         holding period before the first day of our first taxable year in which we are a PFIC
                                         will be taxed as ordinary income;



the
                                         amount allocated to other taxable years (or portions thereof) of the U.S. Holder and
                                         included in its holding period will be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for that
                                         year and applicable to the U.S. Holder; and



the
                                         interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed in respect
                                         of the tax attributable to each such other taxable year of the U.S. Holder.



 if we are determined to be a PFIC
 a U.S. Holder
may avoid the PFIC tax consequences described above in respect to our ordinary shares (but not our warrants) by making a timely
QEF election (if eligible to do so) to include in income its pro rata share of our net capital gains (as long-term capital gain)
and other earnings and profits (as ordinary income)
 on a current basis
 in each case whether or not distributed
 in the taxable
year of the U.S. Holder in which or with which our taxable year ends. A U.S. Holder generally may make a separate election to
defer the payment of taxes on undistributed income inclusions under the QEF rules
 but if deferred
 any such taxes will be subject
to an interest charge.


warrants to acquire our ordinary shares. As a result
 if a U.S. Holder sells or otherwise disposes of such warrants (other than
upon exercise of such warrants)
 any gain recognized generally will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating
the gain as an excess distribution
 as described above
 if we were a PFIC at any time during the period the U.S. Holder held the
warrants. If a U.S. Holder that exercises such warrants properly makes a QEF election with respect to the newly acquired ordinary
shares (or has previously made a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares)
 the QEF election will apply to the newly acquired
ordinary shares
 but the adverse tax consequences relating to PFIC shares
 adjusted to take into account the current income inclusions
resulting from the QEF election
 will continue to apply with respect to such newly acquired ordinary shares (which generally will
be deemed to have a holding period for purposes of the PFIC rules that includes the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants)
unless the U.S. Holder makes a purging election. The purging election creates a deemed sale of such shares at their fair market
value. The gain recognized by the purging election will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain
as an excess distribution
 as described above. As a result of the purging election
 the U.S. Holder will have a new basis and
holding period in the ordinary shares acquired upon the exercise of the warrants for purposes of the PFIC rules.


and
 once made
 can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A QEF election may not be made with respect to our warrants.
A U.S. Holder generally makes a QEF election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621 (Return by a Shareholder of a Passive Foreign
Investment Company or Qualified Electing Fund)
 including the information provided in a PFIC annual information statement
 to
a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return for the tax year to which the election relates. Retroactive QEF elections generally
may be made only by filing a protective statement with such return and if certain other conditions are met or with the consent
of the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a retroactive
QEF election under their particular circumstances.



    
    



a U.S. Holder must receive a PFIC annual information statement from us. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year
 we
will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the IRS may require
 including a PFIC annual information statement
in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a QEF election. However
 there is no assurance that we will have timely
knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future or of the required information to be provided.


ordinary shares
 and the special tax and interest charge rules do not apply to such shares (because of a timely QEF election for
our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) such shares or a purge of the PFIC taint
pursuant to a purging election
 as described above)
 any gain recognized on the sale of our ordinary shares generally will be
taxable as capital gain and no interest charge will be imposed under the PFIC rules. As discussed above
 U.S. Holders of a QEF
are currently taxed on their pro rata shares of its earnings and profits
 whether or not distributed. In such case
 a subsequent
distribution of such earnings and profits that were previously included in income generally should not be taxable as a dividend
to such U.S. Holders. The tax basis of a U.S. Holder&rsquo;s shares in a QEF will be increased by amounts that are included in
income
 and decreased by amounts distributed but not taxed as dividends
 under the above rules.


annually
 an initial determination that our company is a PFIC will generally apply for subsequent years to a U.S. Holder who held
ordinary shares or warrants while we were a PFIC
 whether or not we meet the test for PFIC status in those subsequent years. A
U.S. Holder who makes the QEF election discussed above for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or
is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares
 however
 will not be subject to the PFIC tax and interest charge rules discussed above
in respect to such shares. In addition
 such U.S. Holder will not be subject to the QEF inclusion regime with respect to such
shares for any taxable year of us that ends within or with a taxable year of the U.S. Holder and in which we are not a PFIC. On
the other hand
 if the QEF election is not effective for each of our taxable years in which we are a PFIC and the U.S. Holder
holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares
 the PFIC rules discussed above will continue to apply to such shares unless
the holder makes a purging election
 as described above
 and pays the tax and interest charge with respect to the gain inherent
in such shares attributable to the pre-QEF election period.


 if a U.S. Holder
 at the close of its taxable
year
 owns shares in a PFIC that are treated as marketable stock
 the U.S. Holder may make a mark-to-market election with respect
to such shares for such taxable year. If the U.S. Holder makes a valid mark-to-market election for the first taxable year of the
U.S. Holder in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) ordinary shares in us and for which we are determined to be
a PFIC
 such holder generally will not be subject to the PFIC rules described above in respect to its ordinary shares. Instead
in general
 the U.S. Holder will include as ordinary income each year the excess
 if any
 of the fair market value of its ordinary
shares at the end of its taxable year over the adjusted basis in its ordinary shares. The U.S. Holder also will be allowed to
take an ordinary loss in respect of the excess
 if any
 of the adjusted basis of its ordinary shares over the fair market value
of its ordinary shares at the end of its taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income
as a result of the mark-to-market election). The U.S. Holder&rsquo;s basis in its ordinary shares will be adjusted to reflect
any such income or loss amounts
 and any further gain recognized on a sale or other taxable disposition of the ordinary shares
will be treated as ordinary income. Currently
 a mark-to-market election likely may not be made with respect to our warrants.


is regularly traded on a national securities exchange that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 including
the Nasdaq Capital Market
 or on a foreign exchange or market that the IRS determines has rules sufficient to ensure that the
market price represents a legitimate and sound fair market value. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding
the availability and tax consequences of a mark-to-market election in respect to our ordinary shares under their particular circumstances.


 at any time
 have a foreign subsidiary
that is classified as a PFIC
 U.S. Holders generally would be deemed to own a portion of the shares of such lower-tier PFIC
 and
generally could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge described above if we receive a distribution from
 or
dispose of all or part of our interest in
 the lower-tier PFIC or the U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an
interest in the lower-tier PFIC. We will endeavor to cause any lower-tier PFIC to provide to a U.S. Holder the information that
may be required to make or maintain a QEF election with respect to the lower-tier PFIC. However
 there is no assurance that we
will have timely knowledge of the status of any such lower-tier PFIC. In addition
 we may not hold a controlling interest in any
such lower-tier PFIC and thus there can be no assurance we will be able to cause the lower-tier PFIC to provide the required information.
U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs.


during any taxable year of the U.S. Holder
 may have to file an IRS Form 8621(whether or not a QEF or market-to-market election
is made) and such other information as may be required by the U.S. Treasury Department.


elections are very complex and are affected by various factors in addition to those described above. Accordingly
 U.S. Holders
of our ordinary shares or warrants should consult their own tax advisors concerning the application of the PFIC rules to our ordinary
shares or warrants under their particular circumstances.



    
    


We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection
with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders.


 in connection with our initial business combination
and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Law
 reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company
or business is located. The transaction may require a shareholder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the
shareholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make
any cash distributions to shareholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with
respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation.

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions
that are not completed
 which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
 our public shareholders may receive only approximately
$10.00 per share
 or less than such amount in certain circumstances
 on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants
will expire worthless.


business and the negotiation
 drafting and execution of relevant agreements
 disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants
 attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete
a specific initial business combination
 the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be
recoverable. Furthermore
 if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business
 we may fail to complete our initial
business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us
of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with
another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
 our public shareholders may receive only approximately
$10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We are dependent upon our officers and directors and
their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate.


of individuals and
 in particular
 Messrs. Simon and Carroll
 as well as our other officers and directors. We believe that our
success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors
 at least until we have completed our initial business
combination. In addition
 our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and
accordingly
 will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities
 including identifying
potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with
 or key-man
insurance on the life of
 any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors
or officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business
combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel
 some of whom may
join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business.


is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business
 however
 cannot presently
be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions
following our initial business combination
 it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain
in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination
 we cannot assure
you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a company regulated by the SEC
 which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar
with such requirements.

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting
agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them
to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result
 may cause them to have conflicts of interest
in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.


the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection
with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination
and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services
they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business
 subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman
Islands law. However
 we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business
combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business
combination. There is no certainty
 however
 that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial
business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions
with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial
business combination.



    
    


We may have a limited ability to assess the management
of a prospective target business and
 as a result
 may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management
may not have the skills
 qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.


combination with a prospective target business
 our ability to assess the target business&rsquo;s management may be limited due
to a lack of time
 resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target&rsquo;s management
 therefore
 may
prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills
 qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target&rsquo;s
management not possess the skills
 qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company
 the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly
 any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following
the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value.


resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target&rsquo;s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidates&rsquo;
key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate
that certain members of an acquisition candidate&rsquo;s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate
following our initial business combination
 it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not
wish to remain in place.

Our officers and directors allocate their time to other
businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict
of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.


 and do not
commit their full time to our affairs
 which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to
the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which
he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of
hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers&rsquo;
and directors&rsquo; other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their
current commitment levels
 it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our
ability to complete our initial business combination.

Certain of our officers and directors are now
 and all
of them may in the future become
 affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted
by us and
 accordingly
 may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented.


 we will
continue to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors
are
 or may in the future become
 affiliated with entities
 (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged
in making and managing investments in a similar business
 although they may not participate in the formation of
 or become an
officer or director of
 any other special purpose acquisition companies with a class of securities registered under the Exchange
Act until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete
our initial business combination by April 25
 2021.


opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual
duties. Accordingly
 they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities
prior to its presentation to us
 subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.

Our officers
 directors
 security holders and their respective
affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.


officers
 security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to
be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact
 we may enter into
a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor
 our directors or officers
 although we do not
intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly
 such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and
ours.

We may engage in a business combination with one or more
target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor
 officers
 directors or existing
holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.


 officers and directors
with other entities
 we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor
 officers and directors. Our
officers and directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business
combination opportunities. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm
regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international
businesses affiliated with our officers
 directors or existing holders
 potential conflicts of interest still may exist and
 as
a result
 the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent
any conflicts of interest.



    
    


Since our sponsor
 officers and directors will lose their
entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed
 a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.


 our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 2
875
000
founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
 or approximately $0.009 per share. On April 4
 2019
 we effected a
share capitalization in the form of a share dividend of 2.5 shares for each Class B ordinary share in issue
 and on April 25
2019
 we effected a share capitalization in the form of a share dividend of 1.044 shares for each Class B ordinary share in issue
resulting in our sponsor holding an aggregate of 7
503
750 founder shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete
an initial business combination. In addition
 our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6
750
000 warrants at a price of $1.00 per
warrant ($6
750
000 in the aggregate) in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public
offering. Each private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share
 subject
to adjustment as provided herein. The private placement warrants will also be worthless if we do not complete an initial business
combination.


in the units being sold in our initial public offering except that (i) holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on
the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination
 (ii) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer
restrictions
 (iii) our sponsor
 officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us
 pursuant to which they have
agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial
public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public
shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame) and (iv) the founder
shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination
 or earlier
at the option of the holder
 on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights
 as described
herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.


may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination
 completing an initial business combination
and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination.

Since our sponsor
 officers and directors will not be
eligible to be reimbursed for their out-of-pocket expenses if our initial business combination is not completed
 a conflict of
interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.


 our sponsor
officers and directors
 or any of their respective affiliates
 will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations.


expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf. These financial interests of our sponsor
 officers and directors
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination and completing an initial business combination.

We may issue notes or other debt securities
 or otherwise
incur substantial debt
 to complete a business combination
 which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and
thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders&rsquo; investment in us.


to issue any notes or other debt securities
 or to otherwise incur outstanding debt
 we may choose to incur substantial debt to
complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from
the lender a waiver of any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such
no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless
 the incurrence
of debt could have a variety of negative effects
 including:


default and foreclosure on our assets
                                         if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay




acceleration of our obligations to
                                         repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if
                                         we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios




our immediate payment of all principal
                                         and accrued interest
 if any




our inability to obtain necessary additional
                                         financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such





    
    



our inability to pay dividends on our




using a substantial portion of our
                                         cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt
 which will reduce the funds available
                                         for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared
 expenses
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions




limitations on our flexibility in planning




increased vulnerability to adverse
                                         changes in general economic
 industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes




limitations on our ability to borrow
                                         additional amounts for expenses
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions
 debt service requirements
                                         execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our



We may only be able to complete one business combination
with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants
 which will cause us to be solely
dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively
impact our operations and profitability.


sale of the private placement warrants
 $300
000
000 is available to complete our business combination and pay related fees and
expenses (which includes up to approximately $11
280
000 for the payment of deferred underwriting commissions).


target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However
 we may not be able to
effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors
 including the existence
of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present
operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By
completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic
competitive and regulatory risks. Further
 we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading
of risks or offsetting of losses
 unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations
in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly
 the prospects for our success may be:


solely dependent upon the performance
                                         of a single business




dependent upon the development or market
                                         acceptance of a single or limited number of products




competitive and regulatory risks
 any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which
we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations
with multiple prospective targets
 which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to
increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.


that are owned by different sellers
 we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations
 which may make it more difficult for us
 and delay our ability
to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations
 we could also face additional risks
 including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple
sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the
acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks
 it could negatively impact
our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination
with a private company about which little information is available
 which may result in a business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected
 if at all.


 we may seek to effectuate
our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private
companies
 and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the
basis of limited information
 which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected
if at all.



    
    


Our management may not be able to maintain control of
a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that
 upon loss of control of a target business
new management will possess the skills
 qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.


company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet
such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target
 our shareholders
prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company
 depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example
 we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target.
In this case
 we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However
 as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of
new ordinary shares
 our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding
ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition
 other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings
resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company&rsquo;s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly
this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business.

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold.
The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial
majority of our shareholders do not agree.


does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold
 except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets
 after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions
 to be less than $5
000
001 upon
consummation of our initial business combination (such that we are not subject to the SEC&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules)
or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business
combination. As a result
 we may be able to complete our initial business combination even if a substantial majority of our public
shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or
 if we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules
 have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor
 officers
 directors
 advisors
or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all ordinary shares that are
validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business
combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us
 we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares
all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof
 and we instead may search for an alternate
business combination.

The exercise price for the public warrants is higher
than in many similar blank check company offerings in the past
 and
 accordingly
 the warrants are more likely to expire worthless.


typical in many similar blank check companies in the past. Historically
 the exercise price of a warrant was generally a fraction
of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The exercise price for our public warrants is $11.50 per share
subject to adjustment as provided herein. As a result
 the warrants are less likely to ever be in the money and more likely to
expire worthless.

Because each unit contains one-half of one redeemable
warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised
 the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies.


warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly
 unless you purchase at least
two units
 you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose
units include one share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way
in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of an initial business combination since the warrants will
be exercisable in the aggregate for one half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a warrant to purchase
one whole share
 thus making us
 we believe
 a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless
 this unit structure
may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more
difficult for use to consummate an initial business combination.


 if we issue additional ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at a newly issued price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share
 then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be
equal to 115% of the newly issued price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination
with a target business.

In order to effectuate an initial business combination
blank check companies have
 in the recent past
 amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments.
We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing
instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may
not support.


 blank check
companies have
 in the past
 amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. For example
 blank
check companies have amended the definition of business combination
 increased redemption thresholds and extended the period of
time in which it had to consummate a business combination. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments or extend the time in which we have to consummate a business
combination through amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution
of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law.


    
    


The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association that relate to our pre-initial business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the
agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account)
 including an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the
trust account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced
or eliminated
 may be amended with the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in
a general meeting
 which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us
therefore
 to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to facilitate the
completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support.


charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions
 including those which relate to a company&rsquo;s pre-initial
business combination activity
 without approval by a certain percentage of the company&rsquo;s shareholders. In those companies
amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90% and 100% of the company&rsquo;s public shareholders. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that any of its provisions
 including those related to pre-initial
business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement
of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances
 and to provide redemption rights
to public shareholders as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or an amendment
to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption
or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated)
 but excluding the provision of the articles relating to the appointment
of directors
 may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in a general
meeting
 and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended
if approved by holders of 65% of our ordinary shares. Should our sponsor vote all its shares in favor of any such amendment
 we
would require 16
875
001
 or 56.3%
 of the public shares issued in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of any such
amendment for its approval (assuming no purchase by our sponsor or its affiliates of public shares in our initial public offering
or thereafter). We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association. Our sponsor
 which collectively beneficially owns 20% of our ordinary shares will participate in any
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion
to vote in any manner it chooses. As a result
 we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies
and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue
remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.

Certain agreements related to our initial public offering
may be amended without shareholder approval.


 including the underwriting agreement relating
to our initial public offering
 the investment management trust agreement between us and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust
Company
 the letter agreement among us and our sponsor
 officers and directors
 the registration rights agreement among us and
our sponsor and the administrative services agreement between us and our sponsor
 may be amended without shareholder approval.
These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders might deem to be material. For example
 the underwriting
agreement related to our initial public offering contains a covenant that the target company that we acquire must have a fair
market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account at the time of signing the definitive agreement for the
transaction with such target business (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned
on the trust account) so long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NASDAQ. While we do not expect our
board to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination
 it may be possible that our
board
 in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties
 chooses to approve one or more amendments to any
such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendment may have an adverse
effect on the value of an investment in our securities.

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business
 which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination.


offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination
we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient
 either because of the size of our initial business combination
the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business
 the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number
of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated
transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination
 we may be required to seek additional financing
or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms
if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative
target business candidate. In addition
 even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination
we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing
could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers
 directors
or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination
 our public shareholders may only receive approximately $10.00 per share
on the liquidation of our trust account
 and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances
 our public shareholders
may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares.



    
    


Our sponsor will control the appointment of our Board
of Directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a substantial interest in us. As a result
 it
will appoint all of our directors and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring shareholder vote
 potentially in
a manner that you do not support.


shares. In addition
 the founder shares
 all of which are held by our sponsor
 will entitle the sponsor to appoint all of our
directors prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will have no right to vote on the appointment
of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be
amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90% of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. As a result
 you will
not have any influence over the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination.


 to our knowledge
 any of our officers
or directors
 have any current intention to purchase additional securities
 other than as disclosed in this report. Factors that
would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class
A ordinary shares. In addition
 as a result of its substantial ownership in our company
 our sponsor may exert a substantial influence
on other actions requiring a shareholder vote
 potentially in a manner that you do not support
 including amendments to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of major corporate transactions. If our sponsor purchases any
additional ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions
 this would increase its influence over
these actions. Accordingly
 our sponsor will exert significant influence over actions requiring a shareholder vote at least until
the completion of our initial business combination.

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that
may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants.


agreement between Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 as warrant agent
 and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision
but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely
affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly
 we may amend the terms of the public warrants
in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment.
Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65% of the then outstanding public
warrants is unlimited
 examples of such amendments could be amendments to
 among other things
 increase the exercise price of
the warrants
 shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their
exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you
 thereby making your warrants worthless.


after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration
 at a price of $0.01 per warrant
 provided that the last reported
sales price of our Class A ordinary shares equal or exceed $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits
 share capitalizations
rights issuances
 subdivisions
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day
period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when
the warrants become redeemable by us
 we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares upon exercise of the
warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such
registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares under the blue sky laws of the
state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. Redemption of the
outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be
disadvantageous for you to do so
 (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to
hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which
 at the time the outstanding warrants are called for
redemption
 is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants
will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.

Our management&rsquo;s ability to require holders of
our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their
exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash.


criteria described elsewhere in this report have been satisfied
 our management will have the option to require any holder that
wishes to exercise his warrant (including any warrants held by our sponsor
 officers or directors
 other purchasers of our founders&rsquo;
units
 or their permitted transferees) to do so on a &ldquo;cashless basis.&rdquo; If our management chooses to require holders
to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis
 the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will
be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential
&ldquo;upside&rdquo; of the holder&rsquo;s investment in our company.

Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination.


000
000 of our Class A ordinary
shares as part of the units offered in our initial public offering and
 simultaneously with the closing of our initial public
offering
 we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 6
750
000 private placement warrants
 each exercisable to purchase
one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share
 subject to adjustment as provided herein. Prior to our initial public
offering
 our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7
500
000 founder shares in a private placement. The founder shares are convertible
into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. In addition
 if our sponsor makes any working capital loans
 up to $1
500
000 of such
loans may be converted into warrants
 at the price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical
to the private placement warrants. To the extent we issue Class A ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction
 the potential
for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights
could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued
and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction.
Therefore
 our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost
of acquiring the target business.


    
    



sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that
 so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted
transferees
 (i) they will not be redeemable by us
 (ii) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of
these warrants) may not
 subject to certain limited exceptions
 be transferred
 assigned or sold by the sponsor until 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis.

The requirements of being a public company may strain
our resources and divert management&rsquo;s attention.


 we are subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &ldquo;Sarbanes Oxley Act&rdquo;)
 the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act
 the listing requirements of NASDAQ and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance
with these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs
 make some activities more difficult
 time-consuming
or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources
 particularly after we are no longer an &ldquo;emerging growth company.&rdquo;
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
 among other things
 that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and
 if required
 improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting to meet this standard
 significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result
management&rsquo;s attention may be diverted from other business concerns
 which could adversely affect our business and operating
results. We may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants to comply with these requirements
 which
will increase our costs and expenses.

An active trading market for our securities may not develop
which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.


or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore
 an active trading market for our
securities may never develop or
 if developed
 it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market
can be established and sustained.

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target
business financial statements
 we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with
some prospective target businesses.


respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender
offer documents
 whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to
be prepared in accordance with
 or be reconciled to
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
or U.S. GAAP
 or international financing reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
 or IFRS
depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 or PCAOB. These financial statements may also be required to
be prepared in accordance with GAAP in connection with our current report on Form 8-K announcing the closing of our initial business
combination within four business days following such closing. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential
target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such
statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning
of the Securities Act
 and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth
companies
 this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance
with other public companies.


meaning of the Securities Act
 as modified by the JOBS Act
 and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including
 but not limited to
not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements
 and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not
previously approved. As a result
 our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could
be an emerging growth company for up to five years
 although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier
 including
if the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before that time
 in
which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors
will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less
attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions
 the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise
would be
 there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.



    
    



 Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging
growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is
 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that
a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies
we
 as an emerging growth company
 can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because
of the potential differences in accountant standards used.

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination
 require substantial financial and management resources
and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.


and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31
2020. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will be required to comply with
the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further
for as long as we remain an emerging growth company
 we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public
accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company
makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies
because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands
 you may face difficulties in protecting your interests
 and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal
courts may be limited.


Cayman Islands. As a result
 it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our
directors or officers
 or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers.


memorandum and articles of association
 the Companies Law (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the
common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors
 actions by minority shareholders
and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common
law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent
in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law
 the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority
 but are not
binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under
Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United
States. In particular
 the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States
 and certain
states
 such as Delaware
 may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition
 Cayman
Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States.


the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original
actions brought in the Cayman Islands
 to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the
federal securities laws of the United States or any state
 so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in
nature. In those circumstances
 although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the
United States
 the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent
jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the
judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign
judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands
 such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum
 and must not
be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty
 inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter
 impeachable
on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner
 or be of a kind the enforcement of which is
 contrary to natural justice or the
public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy).
A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.


 public shareholders may have
more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management
 members of the Board of Directors or
controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company.



    
    


Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us
 which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management.


contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests.
These provisions include two-year director terms and the ability of the Board of Directors to designate the terms of and issue
new series of preference shares
 which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that
otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

After our initial business combination
 it is possible
that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside
the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights.


a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside
of the United States. As a result
 it may be difficult
 or in some cases not possible
 for investors in the United States to enforce
their legal rights
 to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States
courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws.

If we effect our initial business combination with a
company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States
 we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that
may negatively impact our operations.


with operations or opportunities outside of the United States
 we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in an international setting
 including any of the following:


higher costs and difficulties inherent
                                         in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial




rules and regulations regarding currency




complex corporate withholding taxes




laws governing the manner in which








regulations related to customs and




longer payment cycles and challenges




tax issues
 such as tax law changes




currency fluctuations and exchange
















crime
 strikes
 riots
 civil disturbances
                                         terrorist attacks




deterioration of political relations








If we were unable to do so
 our operations might suffer
 which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.

If our management following our initial business combination
is unfamiliar with United States securities laws
 they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws
which could lead to various regulatory issues.


 any or all of our
management could resign from their positions as officers of the Company
 and the management of the target business at the time
of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities
laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws
 they may have to expend time and resources becoming
familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely
affect our operations.



    
    


After our initial business combination
 substantially
all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations
in such country. Accordingly
 our results of operations and prospects will be subject
 to a significant extent
 to the economic
political and legal policies
 developments and conditions in the country in which we operate.


 political and social conditions
 as well as government
policies
 of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven
 both
geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such
country&rsquo;s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected
 there may be less demand for spending
in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability
to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business
combination
 the ability of that target business to become profitable.

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may
cause a target business&rsquo; ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.


 all revenues and
income would likely be received in a foreign currency
 and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions
 if any
could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions
fluctuate and are affected by
 among other things
 changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value
of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or
 following consummation
of our initial business combination
 our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally
 if a currency appreciates
in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination
 the cost of a target business as measured
in dollars will increase
 which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.

We may face risks related to companies in consumer packaged
goods and other consumables and hospitality
 including restaurants.


and other consumables and hospitality
 including restaurants entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in
completing a business combination with such a target business
 we may be subject to
 and possibly adversely affected by
 the following
risks:


an inability to compete effectively
                                         in a highly competitive environment with many incumbents having substantially greater




an inability to manage rapid change




an inability to build strong brand




limitations on a target business&rsquo;
                                         ability to protect its intellectual property rights
 including its trade secrets
 that




the high cost or unavailability of
                                         materials
 equipment
 supplies and personnel that could adversely affect our ability




an inability to attract and retain




an inability to license or enforce




seasonality and weather conditions




an inability by us to successfully
                                         anticipate changing consumer preferences and buying trends and manage our product line




potential liability for negligence
                                         copyright
 or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content




dependence of our operations upon third-party




our operating results may be adversely




we may be subject to production-related




regulatory changes that impact our




changes in the retail industry and
                                         markets for consumer products affecting our customers or retailing practices could negatively




our business could involve the potential
                                         for product recalls
 product liability and other claims against us
 which could affect




following a business combination. However
 our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses are not be limited to companies
in consumer packaged goods and other consumables and hospitality
 including restaurants. Accordingly
 if we acquire a target business
in another industry
 these risks will likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry
in which we operate or target business which we acquire
 none of which can be presently ascertained.


    
    


Our search for a business combination
 and any target
business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination
 may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus
(COVID-19) outbreak.


 a novel strain of coronavirus was reported
to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China
 which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world
 including
the United States. On January 30
 2020
 the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19)
a &ldquo;Public Health Emergency of International Concern.&rdquo; On January 31
 2020
 U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary
Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to
COVID-19
 and on March 11
 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a &ldquo;pandemic&rdquo;. Since the
outbreak of the virus
 the United States has imposed a travel ban on certain countries in Europe and Asia. On March 20
 2020
 President
Trump imposed additional travel restrictions
 including the closure of both the Canadian and Mexican borders to any non-essential
travel. A significant outbreak of COVID-19 and other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could
adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide
 and the business of any potential target business with which we
consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected.&nbsp; Furthermore
 we may be unable to complete a
business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel
 limit the ability to have meetings with potential
investors or the target company&rsquo;s personnel
 vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a
transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future
developments
 which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
 including new information which may emerge concerning the severity
of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact
 among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other
matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time
 our ability to consummate a business combination
 or the operations
of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination
 may be materially adversely affected.








Item
2.



Avenue
 New York
 NY 10151.
We consider our current office space
 combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers
 adequate
for our current operations.


Item
Legal
                                         Proceedings.



claims
 lawsuits and other legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims
lawsuits and other proceedings may involve highly complex issues that are subject to substantial uncertainties
 and could result
in damages
 fines
 penalties
 non-monetary sanctions or relief. However
 we do not consider any such claims
 lawsuits or proceedings
that are currently pending
 individually or in the aggregate
 to be material to our business or likely to result in a material
adverse effect on our future operating results
 financial condition or cash flows.

Elstein v.
Simon et al.
 Index No. 603599/2020
(Nassau Cnty. Mar. 6
 2020).&nbsp;
 2020
 an Act II shareholder brought an individual and derivative
suit with respect to the Business Combination.&nbsp; The plaintiff brings three derivative claims under Cayman Islands law: &nbsp;(I)
breaches of fiduciary duties as to the individual director defendants; (II) failure to disclose material information as to Act
II
 the nominal defendant; and (III) aiding and abetting director defendants&rsquo; breaches of fiduciary duties as to Flavors
also named as a defendant.&nbsp; The plaintiff alleges that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties by acting
in their own self-interest in causing or facilitating the business combination agreement
 that Flavors aided and abetted such
breaches
 and that such conflicts of interest and breaches
 and other allegedly material information
 were not disclosed to shareholders.&nbsp;
The plaintiff also brings one direct negligent misrepresentation claim under New York common law alleging that the proxy statement
filed on February 14
 2020
 soliciting the shareholder vote contained false and misleading statements and omissions. The Company
believes these claims are without merit and will defend against them vigorously.


Item
Mine
                                         Safety Disclosures.





    
    






    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s
    Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.





 Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols &ldquo;ACTTU
&rdquo; &ldquo;ACTT&rdquo; and &ldquo;ACTTW
&rdquo; respectively. Our
units commenced public trading on April 26
 2019
 and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants commenced separate public trading
on May 14
 2019.




 2020
 there was one holder of record
of our units
 one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares and one holder of record of our warrants.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans







Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers





    
    





    
    




    
Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.





historical fact included in this annual report including
 without limitation
 statements under this &ldquo;Item 7. Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; regarding our financial position
 business strategy
and the plans and objectives of management for future operations
 are forward looking statements. When used in this annual report
words such &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; or the negative of such terms
or other similar expressions
 as they relate to us or our management
 identify forward looking statements. Factors that might
cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include
 but are not limited to
 those described in our other SEC filings. Such forward
looking statements are based on the beliefs of management
 as well as assumptions made by
 and information currently available
to
 our management. No assurance can be given that results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved and actual results
could be affected by one or more factors
 which could cause them to differ materially. The cautionary statements made in this
annual report should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this annual report.
For these statements
 we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result
of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable
to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph.




in the Cayman Islands on August 16
 2018 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock
purchase
 reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination
using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
 our shares
 debt or a combination of cash
 shares and debt.


ordinary shares in a Business Combination:



    
    
may
    significantly dilute the equity interest of investors
 which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the
    Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion
    of the Class B ordinary shares;

    
    
    

    
    
may
    subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded
    our ordinary shares;

    
    
    

    
    
could
    cause a change of control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares are issued
 which may affect
 among other things
    our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards
 if any
 and could result in the resignation or removal of our present
    officers and directors;

    
    
    

    
    
may
    have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a
    person seeking to obtain control of us; and

    
    
    

    
    
may
    adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants.



 if we issue debt
securities
 it could result in:



    
    
default
    and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

    
    
    

    
    
acceleration
    of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain
    covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest
 if any
 if the debt security is payable on demand;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain
    such financing while the debt security is outstanding;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares;




    
    
using
    a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt
 which will reduce the funds available for
    dividends on our ordinary shares if declared
 expenses
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

    
    
    

    
    
limitations
    on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

    
    
    

    
    
increased
    vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic
 industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government
    regulation; and

    
    
    

    
    
limitations
    on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions
 debt service requirements
 execution
    of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.



costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be
successful.



    
    









dated December 19
 2019
 as amended February 12
 2020 (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
 with Flavors Holdings Inc. (&ldquo;Flavors
Holdings&rdquo;)
 MW Holdings I LLC (&ldquo;MW Holdings I&rdquo;)
 MW Holdings III LLC (&ldquo;MW Holdings III&rdquo;) and Mafco
Foreign Holdings
 Inc. (together with Flavors Holdings
 MW Holdings I and MW Holdings III
 the &ldquo;Sellers&rdquo;)
 in connection
with the proposed purchase of all of the outstanding equity interests of Merisant Company (&ldquo;Merisant&rdquo;)
 Merisant Luxembourg
(&ldquo;Merisant Luxembourg&rdquo;)
 Mafco Worldwide LLC (&ldquo;Mafco Worldwide&rdquo;)
 Mafco Shanghai LLC (&ldquo;Mafco Shanghai&rdquo;)
EVD Holdings LLC (&ldquo;EVD Holdings&rdquo;)
 and Mafco Deutschland GmbH (together with Merisant
 Merisant Luxembourg
 Mafco
Worldwide
 Mafco Shanghai
 and EVD Holdings
 the &ldquo;Transferred Entities&rdquo;). Subject to the terms and conditions of the
Agreement
 at the closing (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;) of the transactions contemplated thereunder (the &ldquo;Transactions&rdquo;)
the Sellers will sell
 convey
 assign
 transfer and deliver to the Company
 and the Company will purchase
 all of the issued and
outstanding equity interests of the Transferred Entities and certain assets thereof
 and assume certain liabilities included in
the Transferred Assets and Liabilities (as defined in the Agreement)
 in each instance
 free and clear of all liens (subject to
certain exceptions set forth in the Agreement)
 in exchange
 subject to the limitations set forth below
 for the Cash Consideration
and the Ordinary Shares Consideration (each as defined below).



forth in the Agreement
 at the Closing
 the Sellers will receive (i) $450
000
000 in cash (the &ldquo;Base Cash Consideration&rdquo;)
plus or minus the Adjustment Amount (as defined in the Agreement) (the &ldquo;Cash Consideration&rdquo;)
 and (ii) that number
of Class A ordinary shares of the Company (&ldquo;Class A Ordinary Shares&rdquo;) equal to the quotient of (A) the sum of (x)
60
000
000 and (y) the amount
 if any
 by which the Base Cash Consideration is reduced by the Company in accordance with the terms
of the Agreement
 (B) the lowest per share price at which Class A Ordinary Shares are sold by the Company to
any person from and after the date of the Agreement but prior to
 at or in connection with the Closing (the &ldquo;Ordinary Share
Consideration&rdquo;). The Agreement further provides the Company with the option
 immediately prior to Closing
 subject to certain
conditions set forth in the Agreement and after (a) giving effect to the Private Placement (described below)
 any additional equity
financing
 and the Debt Financing (described below) and (b) taking into account all amounts held by the Company in trust
 to reduce
the Base Cash Consideration by the amount of funds necessary (up to $55
000
000) for the Company to pay (i) the Cash Consideration
(ii) any amounts paid in connection with the Warrant Amendment (described below)
 and (iii) the Transaction Costs (as defined
in the Agreement) in exchange for a dollar-for-dollar increase in the Ordinary Shares Consideration.


 the Agreement contemplates
that immediately following the Closing
 the Company&rsquo;s sponsor
 Act II Global LLC (the &ldquo;Sponsor&rdquo;)
 will place
2
000
000 Class A Ordinary Shares (which will be converted at Closing from Class B ordinary shares of the Company currently held
by the Sponsor) (the &ldquo;Escrowed Sponsor Shares&rdquo;) into escrow
 which will be held in escrow by the Company&rsquo;s transfer
agent. The Escrowed Sponsor Shares will be released to the Sponsor upon the earliest to occur of (i) the volume weighted-average
per-share trading price of Class A Ordinary Shares being at or above $20.00 per share for twenty (20) trading days in any thirty
(30)-trading day continuous trading period during the Escrow Period
 (ii) a change in control of the Company
 and (iii) 5-year
anniversary of the Closing.




 2019
 in connection with entering into the Agreement
the Company entered into a commitment letter (the &ldquo;Commitment Letter&rdquo;) with TD Securities (USA) LLC (&ldquo;TDSL&rdquo;)
as left lead arranger and book runner
 The Toronto-Dominion Bank
 New York Branch (&ldquo;TDNY&rdquo;)
 and Toronto Dominion (Texas)
LLC (&ldquo;TDTX&rdquo;) as administrative agent. Pursuant to the Commitment Letter
 TDSL agreed to arrange and TDNY committed
to provide the Company with (i) a senior secured term loan facility in the aggregate amount of up to $185
000
000 (the &ldquo;Term
Facility&rdquo;) and (ii) a senior secured revolving credit facility of up to $50
000
000 (the &ldquo;Revolving Facility
&rdquo;
and together with the Term Facility
 the &ldquo;Credit Facilities&rdquo;). The proceeds of the Term Facility on the Closing Date
(as defined in the Agreement) may be used (x) to fund the Transactions
 and (y) to pay the fees
 costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the Transactions. Up to $5
000
000 of the proceeds of the Revolving Facility (which may be increased) may be used
on the Closing Date for general corporate purposes and to backstop or replace letters of credit. The proceeds of the Revolving
Facility after the Closing Date may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes
 including for capital expenditures.
The availability of the borrowings under the Credit Facilities is subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions
including the consummation of the Transactions.



    
    





 on February 12
2020
 the Company entered into subscription agreements with certain investors (collectively
 the &ldquo;Private Placement Investors&rdquo;)
pursuant to which
 among other things
 such investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase
 and the Company agreed to issue and
sell to such investors
 7
500
000 of the Company&rsquo;s Class A ordinary shares
 par value $0.0001 (the &ldquo;Class A Ordinary
Shares&rdquo;) and warrants representing the right to purchase 2
631
750 Class A Ordinary Shares (the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;) for
gross proceeds of approximately $75
000
000 (the &ldquo;Private Placement&rdquo;). The Company granted certain customary registration
rights to the Private Placement Investors.


in connection with the Private Placement have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities
Act&rdquo;)
 in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D or Regulation
S promulgated thereunder without any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Private Placement is contingent upon
among other things
 the closing of the Transactions. The proceeds from the Private Placement will be used to fund a portion of
the Aggregate Cash Obligations (as defined under the Agreement) for the Transactions.


 the Company has agreed
to put forth a proposal to the Company&rsquo;s public warrantholders to consider and vote upon an amendment (the &ldquo;Warrant
Amendment&rdquo;) to the existing warrant agreement that governs all of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding warrants to provide that
immediately prior to the Closing
 (i) each of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding warrants
 which currently entitle the holder thereof
to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share
 will become exercisable for one-half of one share
at an exercise price of $5.75 per one-half share ($11.50 per whole share) and (ii) each holder of a warrant will receive
 for each
such warrant
 a cash payment of $0.75 (although the holders of the Private Placement warrants have waived their rights to receive
such payment).




 the
Company
 the Sponsor
 and the Sellers entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement on December 19
 2019
 as amended on February 12
2020 (the &ldquo;Sponsor Support Agreement&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to certain covenants and agreements related
to the Transactions
 particularly with respect to taking supportive actions to consummate the Transactions and to designate two
of the Sellers&rsquo; directors to the board of directors of the Company
 to be effective at the Closing. In addition
 the Sponsor
irrevocably waived its anti-dilution protections under the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
in connection with any new issuances of Ordinary Shares.


Support Agreement
 the Sponsor will forfeit (i) 3
000
000 Class B ordinary shares of the Company; and (ii) 6
750
000 warrants
to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares at a price of $11.50 per share (the &ldquo;Founder Warrants&rdquo;) immediately following
the Closing; and the Sponsor has waived any rights that it might otherwise have to receive any cash payment with respect to its
Founder Warrants.




nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31
 2019 were organizational activities
those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering
 described below
 the Company&rsquo;s search for a target business
with which to complete a Business Combination and activities in connection with the proposed Transactions. We do not expect to
generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on marketable securities. We are incurring expenses as a result of being a public company (for
legal
 financial reporting
 accounting and auditing compliance)
 as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with completing
a Business Combination.


 2019
we had net income of $3
932
144
 which consists of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $4
254
861
and an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $28
164
 offset by operating costs of $350
881.




Public Offering
 the Company&rsquo;s only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of ordinary shares by the Sponsor and loans
from our Sponsor.


 2019
 we consummated the
Initial Public Offering of 30
000
000 Units
 inclusive of the underwriters&rsquo; election to partially exercise their option
to purchase an additional 3
900
000 Units
 at a price of $10.00 per Unit
 generating gross proceeds of $300
000
000. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 we consummated the sale of 6
750
000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor
at a price of $1.00 per warrant
 generating gross proceeds of $6
750
000.


and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
 a total of $300
000
000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred $16
614
355
in transaction costs
 including $5
220
000 of underwriting fees
 $11
280
000 of deferred underwriting fees and $114
355 of other
costs.



    
    



 2019
cash used in operating activities was $396
814. Net income of $3
932
144 was offset by interest earned on marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of $4
254
861
 an unrealized gain on marketable securities of $28
164 and changes in operating assets
and liabilities
 which used of $45
933 of cash.


 2019
 we had cash and
marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $304
283
025. We may withdraw interest to pay our income taxes
 if any. We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account
 including any amounts representing interest earned on
the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and excluding deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our
Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital is used
 in whole or in part
 as consideration to complete a Business
Combination
 the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the
target business or businesses
 make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.


 2019
 we had cash of $1
005
831. We intend
to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses
 perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses
 travel to and from the offices
 plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses
or their representatives or owners
 review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses
 structure
negotiate and complete a Business Combination.


or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination
 our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors may
 but are not obligated to
 loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close
 we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts
 but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for
such repayment. Up to $1
500
000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants
 at a price of $1.00 per warrant unit at the option
of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.


additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However
 if our estimate of the costs
of identifying a target business
 undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the
actual amount necessary to do so
 we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business
Combination. Moreover
 we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become
obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our Business Combination
 in which case we may
issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination.




 assets or liabilities
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31
 2019. We do not participate in transactions that create
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships
 often referred to as variable interest entities
 which would
have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements
 established any special purpose entities
 guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities
or purchased any non-financial assets.




 capital
lease obligations
 or long-term liabilities
 other than: (a) an agreement to pay the Sponsor a monthly fee of $10
000 for office
space
 and administrative and support services
 provided to the Company. We began incurring these fees on April 25
 2019 and will
continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination and the Company&rsquo;s liquidation;
and (b) a sub-lease agreement providing the Company with office space. The sub-lease provides that the Company&rsquo;s occupancy
begins January 2020 with monthly rental payments $19
000 commencing May 1
 2020. The sub-lease terminates on July 13
 2021.


fee of $11
280
000. The deferred fee will be forfeited by the underwriters solely in the event that we fail to complete a Business
Combination
 subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.




statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and income and expenses during the periods reported.
Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies:



    
    





to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 480 &ldquo;Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity.&rdquo; Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are
measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that
are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within
our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times
 ordinary shares are classified as shareholders&rsquo; equity.
Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly
 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary
equity
 outside of the shareholders&rsquo; equity section of our balance sheet.




earnings per share. Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
 which are not currently redeemable and are not redeemable
at fair value
 have been excluded from the calculation of basic net income (loss) per ordinary share since such shares
 if redeemed
only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. Our net income is adjusted for the portion of income that
is attributable to ordinary shares subject to redemption
 as these shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account
and not our income or losses.




recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards
 if currently adopted
 would have a material effect on our financial
statements.



    
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
    about Market Risk.



of our Initial Public Offering
 the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering
 including amounts in the Trust Account
 have
been invested in U.S. government treasury bills
 notes or bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market
funds that invest solely in US treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments
 we believe there will be no associated
material exposure to interest rate risk.



    
    



is included herein by reference.



    
Changes in and
    Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.






    
Controls and
    Procedures.





are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange
Act
 such as this Report
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time period specified in the SEC&rsquo;s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management
 including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated
 with the participation of our current chief executive officer
and chief financial officer (our &ldquo;Certifying Officers&rdquo;)
 the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of December 31
 2019
 pursuant to Rule&nbsp;13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation
 our Certifying Officers
concluded that
 as of December 31
 2019
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.


and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures
 no matter how well conceived
and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further
 the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and
procedures
 no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control
deficiencies and instances of fraud
 if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
stated goals under all potential future conditions.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting


include a report of management&rsquo;s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public
companies.




control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most
recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over
financial reporting.



    
Other
    Information.





    
    






    
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.





 our directors
and officers are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 Director

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Vice President
 Business Development and Strategic Planning

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


has served as our Executive Chairman since December 2018 and
has more than 30 years of business experience in many domestic and international leadership and operating roles. Mr.&nbsp;Simon
founded The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. (NASDAQ: HAIN) in 1993
 which went on to become a leading organic and natural products company
with a mission to be the leading marketer
 manufacturer and seller of organic and natural
 better-for-you&nbsp;products
 committed
to growing sustainably while continuing to implement environmentally sound business practices and manufacturing processes. As Founder
President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 he led Hain Celestial for more than 25 years and grew the business to $3&nbsp;billion
in net sales with operations in North America
 Europe
 Asia and the Middle East until November 2018
 and as a Director until December
2018. Prior to Hain Celestial
 Mr.&nbsp;Simon was employed in various marketing and sales positions at Slim-Fast&nbsp;Foods Company
a dietary supplement foods company
 and The H&auml;agen-Dazs&nbsp;Company
 a frozen dessert company
 which became a division of
Grand Metropolitan
 a multi-national&nbsp;luxury brands company
 where his responsibilities included managing the franchisee system
and company-owned&nbsp;retail stores. Currently
 Mr. Simon serves as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Aphria
Inc.
 (NYSE: APHA) a global cannabis company
 and is the Presiding Director of MDC Partners Inc.
 a provider of marketing
 activation
and communications solutions and services. &nbsp;Additionally
 during the last five years
 Mr. Simon served as a Director of Barnes
&amp; Noble
 Inc.
 (NYSE:BKS)
 a large retail bookseller
 until its sale in August 2019
 and&nbsp;as&nbsp;a Director of Chop&rsquo;t
Creative Salad Company
 a fast-casual&nbsp;dining company
 until 2018. &nbsp;Previously
 he served as a Director of Jarden Corporation
a consumer products company
 until its merger with Newell Rubbermaid Inc. Mr.&nbsp;Simon is well qualified to serve on our Board
due to his extensive industry
 operational and public company experience.




    
    


has served as our Chief Executive
Officer and a Director since December 2018 and has more than 30 years of business experience with consumer products businesses.
He spent 14 years in various positions of increasing responsibility at Hain Celestial until July 2018
 having joined as Executive
Vice President and President of Grocery
 which generated over $400&nbsp;million in net sales in 2004. With each successive year
at Hain Celestial
 he gained additional responsibilities including the Snacks business in 2005
 the Personal Care business in
2006
 Celestial Seasonings in 2008
 and The Greek Gods brand in 2010
 followed by Hain Celestial Canada in 2015
 culminating in
his service as Executive Vice President Global Brands
 Categories and New Business Ventures from 2017 through July 2018. Under
his leadership Hain Celestial United States grew to over $1.3&nbsp;billion in net sales through profitable organic growth and
strategic bolt-on&nbsp;acquisitions. Prior to this he was Managing Director
 Heinz Frozen Foods at the H. J. Heinz Company
 a
global food company
 where he served in various positions of increasing responsibility
 starting with marketing and ultimately
assuming the responsibility of Managing Director of Heinz Frozen Foods
 from 1995 until 2003. He also worked in marketing positions
at The Hershey Company and Church and Dwight Co.
 Inc.
 where he earned two Effie Awards for the launch of Arm &amp; Hammer toothpaste
and was recognized by&nbsp;Ad Age&nbsp;in the Marketing 100 for 1992. Mr.&nbsp;Carroll is well qualified to serve on our Board
due to his extensive industry
 operational and public company experience.

Ira J. Lamel
 CPA

Officer since December 2018 and has over 40 years of experience in finance and accounting. He currently serves as a Director of
Novanta Inc.
 (NASDAQ:NOVT) a leading global supplier of core technology solutions for medical and advanced industrial original
equipment manufacturers. Mr.&nbsp;Lamel was Senior Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer of Hain Celestial from 2013 to 2014
and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hain Celestial from 2001 to 2013. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Lamel was an
audit partner in the New York area practice of Ernst &amp; Young LLP. He retired from Ernst &amp; Young LLP after a 29-year&nbsp;career.
Mr.&nbsp;Lamel brings to us extensive financial
 accounting and auditing expertise
 including an understanding of accounting principles
internal controls
 financial reporting rules and regulations and financial reporting processes as well as due diligence and accounting
for acquisitions acquired over the course of his career.

&nbsp;has served as our Vice President
Business Development and Strategic Planning since March 2019. He has more than 10 years of experience in strategy
 M&amp;A
 operations
and restructuring. In 2018
 he served as an advisor to Matlin &amp; Partners Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: MPAC)
 a special purpose
acquisition company
 or SPAC
 that consummated a business combination with U.S. Well Services
 Inc. a Houston-based&nbsp;provider
of hydraulic fracturing services and electric-powered&nbsp;fracturing technology in 2018. Prior to this
 from 2012 to 2017
 he
served as Vice President at Quinpario Partners
 an industrials-focused&nbsp;fund
 where he worked on two SPAC business combinations:
Quinpario Acquisition Corp.&rsquo;s (Nasdaq: QPAC) 2014 business combination with Jason Incorporated
 an industrial manufacturing
company with four business segments: seating
 finishing
 acoustics and components and Quinpario Acquisition Corp. 2&rsquo;s (Nasdaq:
QPAC) 2017 business combination with SourceHOV LLC
 a global transaction processing services and enterprise information management
provider and Novitex Enterprise Solutions
 Inc.
 a managed services provider offering mail
 print
 communications and back office
solutions. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Gupta Served as Vice President at Jason Industries from 2016 to 2017
 where his responsibilities
included cost take-out
 supply chain and 80/20 optimization. From 2010 to 2012
 he served as a strategy and business development
manager at Solutia
 Inc.
 (NYSE: SOA)
 a specialty materials and chemical manufacturer which was acquired by Eastman Chemical
Company in 2012. Since 2018
 Mr.&nbsp;Gupta has been a registered representative with Watermill Institutional Trading. Mr.&nbsp;Gupta
brings a deep understanding of SPAC dynamics from formation
 fund-raising&nbsp;and deal sourcing through execution as well as
experience across a range of industries.

Anuraag Agarwal

the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part
 is Group Head of Business Development
 Strategy
and Mergers &amp; Acquisitions at Future Group
 a consumer-oriented&nbsp;conglomerate with interests in retail
 consumer brands
food parks
 manufacturing
 logistics
 data sciences
 media
 insurance and financial services
 whose few public limited companies
are listed on the National Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock Exchange in India. Mr.&nbsp;Agarwal has been actively involved in structuring
and overseeing Future Group&rsquo;s international joint ventures
 partnerships and alliances and is a member of the board of directors
of some of its existing and former joint ventures and alliances
 including those with The Migros Group in Switzerland
 Hain Celestial
7-Eleven
 Inc. and Staples
 Inc. in the United States
 Fonterra Co-operative&nbsp;Group Limited in New Zealand and Clarks in the
United Kingdom. He has also helped spearhead
 directly and through board participation
 various investment transactions of Future
Group in the consumer and digital space. Additionally
 since 2017
 Mr.&nbsp;Agarwal has been the interim Chief Executive Officer
of Amar Chitra Katha Private Limited
 an Indian comic book company. Prior to joining Future Group in 2012
 Mr.&nbsp;Agarwal was
an investment banker focusing primarily on mergers and acquisitions
 restructuring
 private placements and principal investments
initially at Donaldson Lufkin and Jenrette and then for more than ten years at Berenson &amp; Company
 a boutique investment bank.
During this time
 he was actively involved in executing transactions of a variety of sizes across a wide range of industries including
consumer goods
 financial services
 infrastructure
 manufacturing
 media
 retail
 utilities
 and technology. Mr.&nbsp;Agarwal
is well qualified to serve on our Board due to his significant financial
 transactional and capital markets experience
 particularly
in the consumer products and retail industries
 and his work with clients in the Americas
 Europe and Asia.



    
    


John M. McMillin

upon the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part
 is a Limited Partner with Lord Abbett
&amp; Co.
 LLC
 an independent
 privately-held&nbsp;money management firm including mutual funds
 institutional and managed accounts
a position he has held since October 2018. From 2007 to 2018
 Mr.&nbsp;McMillin was a Partner
 conducting equity research covering
approximately 70 for large and mid-cap&nbsp;companies in the consumer staples sector in the United States. Mr.&nbsp;McMillin was
also Managing Director and Senior Food Analyst at Prudential Equity Group and Prudential Securities from 1985 to 2007 where he
was inducted into&nbsp;The Wall Street Journal&nbsp;&ldquo;Best on the Street&rdquo;&nbsp;Stock Picking Hall of Fame in 1996.
From 1978 to 1980
 Mr.&nbsp;McMillin worked in the securities industry at Sterling Grace &amp; Co.
 and from 1981 to 1985 at Mabon
Nugent
 Philips
 Appel &amp; Walden. Mr.&nbsp;McMillin is well qualified to serve on our Board because of his significant financial
and consumer staples industry expertise.

Desir&eacute;e Rogers
&nbsp;
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part
 is the Chairman of Choose Chicago
 the tourism agency for the city of
Chicago
 a position she has held since 2013. Since 2019
 Ms. Rogers has also been the Chief Executive Officer of One Brown Girl
LLC. a holding company investing in minority-owned&nbsp;ventures. One Brown Girl
 LLC recently secured ownership positions in Black
Opal Beauty and Fashion Fair Cosmetics. From 2010 to 2017
 Ms. Rogers served as the Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Publishing
Company
 LLC
 a publishing and cosmetics firm geared to the African American market. During the period from 2009 to 2010
 Ms. Rogers
was a Special Assistant to the President and Social Secretary for President Barack Obama. Prior to these roles
 Ms. Rogers was
the President of Allstate Financial Social Network
 a personal lines property and casualty insurer from 2008 to 2009 and the President
of Peoples Energy
 the natural gas utility in Chicago from 2004 to 2008. Ms. Rogers has served on the boards of MDC Partners Inc.
(NASDAQ: MDCA) and Inspired Entertainment
 Inc. (NASDAQ: INSE). She is a member of the board of directors for World Business Chicago
The Commercial Club
 The Economic Club of Chicago
 Donors Choose and Cradles to Crayons. In 2015
 WWD named Ms. Rogers one of The
50 Most Influential People in the Multicultural Market. We believe Ms. Rogers is well qualified to serve on our Board because of
her proven results-oriented&nbsp;business leadership and strong interpersonal
 marketing and diplomatic skills.

Number
 terms of office and appointment of officers and
directors


Holders of our founder shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business
combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time.
These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution
passed by at least 90% of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year&nbsp;term.
Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders
 any vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders
of our founder shares.


at the discretion of the Board of Directors
 rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board of Directors is authorized to
appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of a Chairman
 Chief Executive
Officer
 President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Vice Presidents
 Secretary
 Assistant Secretaries
 Treasurer and such other offices
as may be determined by the Board of Directors.


 through their positions described above
 our
officers and directors have extensive experience in public companies and in the financial services industry. These individuals
will play a key role in identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates
 selecting the target businesses
 and structuring
negotiating and consummating the acquisition.




Board of Directors be independent. An&nbsp;&ldquo;independent director&rdquo;&nbsp;is defined generally as a person who has no
material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner
 shareholder or officer of an organization that
has a relationship with the company). Our board has determined that each of Messrs. Agarwal and McMillin and Ms. Rogers are independent
directors under applicable SEC and NASDAQ rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present.




for services rendered to us. We have agreed to pay&nbsp;our sponsor&nbsp;a total of $10
000 per month for office space
 administrative
and support services through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. Our sponsor
officers and directors
 or any of their respective affiliates
 will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket&nbsp;expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor
 officers
directors or our or their affiliates.



    
    



 directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
 management or other fees from the combined company.
All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders
 to the extent then known
 in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such
compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed
 because the directors of the post-combination&nbsp;business
will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined
by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors.


of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination
 although it
is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with
us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain
their positions with us may influence our management&rsquo;s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do
not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will
be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements
with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.




committee and a compensation committee. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and each has
the composition and responsibilities described below. Subject to phase-in&nbsp;rules and a limited exception
 NASDAQ rules and
Rule 10A-3&nbsp;of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors
and NASDAQ rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.




The members of our audit committee are Messrs. Agarwal and McMillin and Ms. Rogers. Mr.&nbsp;McMillin currently serves as chair
of the audit committee.


and our Board of Directors has determined that Mr.&nbsp;McMillin qualifies as an&nbsp;&ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo;&nbsp;as
defined in applicable SEC rules.


 which details the
principal functions of the audit committee
 including
 but not limited to
 the following:


the appointment
 compensation
 retention
 replacement
                                         and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered
                                         public accounting firm engaged by us;


pre-approving&nbsp;all audit and non-audit&nbsp;services
                                         to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting
                                         firm engaged by us
 and establishing pre-approval&nbsp;policies and procedures;


reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors
                                         all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence;


setting clear hiring policies for employees or former
                                         employees of the independent auditors;


setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in
                                         compliance with applicable laws and regulations;


obtaining and reviewing a report
 at least annually
                                         from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor&rsquo;s internal
                                         quality-control&nbsp;procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
                                         internal quality-control&nbsp;review
 or peer review
 of the audit firm
 or by any inquiry
                                         or investigation by governmental or professional authorities
 within
 the preceding five
                                         years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps
                                         taken to deal with such issues;


reviewing and approving any related party transaction
                                         required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K&nbsp;promulgated by the
                                         SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and


reviewing with management
 the independent auditors
                                         and our legal advisors
 as appropriate
 any legal
 regulatory or compliance matters
                                         including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee
                                         complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements
                                         or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
                                         by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 the SEC or other regulatory authorities.



    
    





Directors. The members of our compensation committee are Mr.&nbsp;McMillin and Ms. Rogers. Ms. Rogers currently serves as the
chair of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter
 which details the principal functions of
the compensation committee
 including
 but not limited to
 the following:


reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate
                                         goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer&rsquo;s compensation
 evaluating
                                         our Chief Executive Officer&rsquo;s performance in light of such goals and objectives
                                         and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer&rsquo;s
                                         based on such evaluation;


reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our
                                         other officers;





implementing and administering our incentive compensation
                                         equity-based&nbsp;remuneration plans;


assisting management in complying with our proxy statement
                                         and annual report disclosure requirements;


approving all special perquisites
 special cash payments
                                         and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees;


producing a report on executive compensation to be included
                                         in our annual proxy statement; and


reviewing
 evaluating
 and recommending changes
 if appropriate
                                         to the remuneration for directors.


The charter also provides that the compensation committee
                                         may
 in its sole discretion
 retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant
                                         legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment
                                         compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However
 before engaging
                                         or receiving advice from a compensation consultant
 external legal counsel or any other
                                         adviser
 the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser
                                         including the factors required by the NASDAQ and the SEC.




to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or NASDAQ rules. In accordance with
Rule 5605 of the NASDAQ rules
 a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of
properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who
participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Agarwal and McMillin and Ms. Rogers. In accordance
with Rule 5605 of the NASDAQ rules
 all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee
 we do not
have a nominating committee charter in place.


 the Board of Directors
will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by holders of our founder shares during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at an annual meeting of shareholders (or
 if applicable
 a special meeting of
shareholders). Prior to our initial business combination
 holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director
candidates for nomination to our board.


 minimum qualifications
that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general
 in identifying and evaluating nominees for
director
 the Board of Directors considers educational background
 diversity of professional experience
 knowledge of our business
integrity
 professional reputation
 independence
 wisdom
 and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders.




 and in the past year
has not served
 (i) as a member of the compensation committee or Board of Directors of another entity
 one of whose executive
officers served on our compensation committee
 or (ii) as a member of the compensation committee of another entity
 one of whose
executive officers served on our Board of Directors.




of Ethics
 our audit committee charter
 and compensation committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement filed in
connection with our initial public offering. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the
SEC&rsquo;s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition
 a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from
us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form
8-K.



    
    




    
    





compensation for services rendered to us. We pay our sponsor a total of&thinsp;$10
000 per month for office space
 utilities and
secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation
 we will cease
paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind
 including any finder&rsquo;s fee
 reimbursement
 consulting fee or monies
in respect of any payment of a loan
 will be paid by us to our sponsor
 officers and directors
 or any affiliate of our sponsor
or officers
 prior to
 or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate
 the consummation of our initial business
combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However
 these individuals are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due
diligence on suitable business combinations. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds
held outside the trust account. Other than audit committee review of such payments
 we do not expect to have any additional controls
in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination.


 directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of
these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders
 to the extent then known
 in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established any
limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely
the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination
 because the directors of
the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid
to our officers will be determined
 or recommended to the board of directors for determination
 either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.


that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination
although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to
remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements
to retain their positions with us may influence our management&rsquo;s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business
but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination
will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements
with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.&nbsp;



    
Security Ownership
    of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.




ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 30
 2020 based on information obtained from the persons named below
 with respect
to the beneficial ownership of shares of our ordinary shares
 by:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





    
    




 we believe that all persons named
in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares of beneficially owned by them.




    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
500
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
500
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
500
000
    

    
1
800
000
    
    
    

    
2
435
299
    
    
    

    
2
250
000
    
    
    

    
1
500
000
    
    
    

    
1
655
000
    
    
    


 LLC(8)
1
800
000
    
    
    

    
1
733
444
    
    
    



 the business address of each of
the following entities or individuals is c/o&nbsp;745&nbsp;5th Avenue
 New York
 NY 10151.


 Act II&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by the Sponsor by virtue of his control over the Sponsor
 as its managing
member. Mr.&nbsp;Carroll disclaims beneficial ownership of Act II Class&nbsp;B Shares held by the Sponsor other than to the
extent of his pecuniary interest in such shares. All of Act II&rsquo;s officers and directors are members of the Sponsor.


February&nbsp;5
 2020 by MMCAP International Inc. SPC and MM Asset Management Inc. hold shared voting and dispositive power
of 1
800
000 Act II Class&nbsp;A Shares. The address of the principal business office for MMCAP International Inc. SPC is
c/o&nbsp;Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited
 94 Solaris Avenue
 Camana Bay
 P.O. Box 1348
 Grand Cayman
 Cayman
Islands KY1-1008. The address of the principal business office of MM Asset Management Inc. is 161 Bay Street
 TD Canada Trust
Tower
 Suite 2240
 Toronto
 Ontario
 Canada M5J 2S1.


on January&nbsp;14
 2020
 Linden GP LLC is the general partner of Linden Capital L.P. and
 in such capacity
 may be deemed to
beneficially own 2
164
460 shares held by Linden Capital L.P. Linden Advisors LP is the investment manager of Linden Capital
L.P. and trading advisor or investment advisor for separately managed accounts. Siu Min (Joe) Wong is the principal owner and
controlling person of Linden Advisors LP and Linden GP LLC. In such capacities
 Linden Advisors LP and Mr.&nbsp;Wong may each
be deemed to beneficially own an aggregate of 2
435
299 shares held by Linden Capital L.P. and the managed accounts. The
principal business address for Linden Capital is Victoria Place
 31 Victoria Street
 Hamilton HM10
 Bermuda. The principal
business address for each of Linden Advisors LP
 Linden GP LLC and Mr.&nbsp;Wong is 590 Madison Avenue
 15th Floor
 New York
New York 10022.


February&nbsp;10
 2019
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. holds sole voting and dispositive power of 2
250
000 Act II Class&nbsp;A
Shares. The business address for the reporting person is 401 Bay Street
 Suite 1900
 PO Box 19
 Toronto
 Ontario M5H 2Y4
 Canada.


February&nbsp;13
 2020
 Magnetar Financial LLC
 Magnetar Capital Partners LP
 Supernova Management LLC and Alec N. Litowitz
hold shared voting and dispositive power of 1
500
000 Act II Class&nbsp;A Shares. Magnetar Financial LLC serves as the
investment adviser to the certain funds
 and as such
 Magnetar Financial LLC exercises voting and investment power over the
Act II Class&nbsp;A Shares held for such funds&rsquo; accounts. Magnetar Capital Partners LP serves as the sole member and
parent holding company of Magnetar Financial LLC. Supernova Management LLC is the general partner of Magnetar Capital
Partners LP. The manager of Supernova Management is Mr.&nbsp;Litowitz. The address of the principal business office of each
of Magnetar Financial LLC
 Magnetar Capital Partners LP
 Supernova Management LLC
 and Mr.&nbsp;Litowitz is 1603 Orrington
Avenue
 13th Floor
 Evanston
 Illinois 60201.


    
    



January&nbsp;22
 2020
 RP Investment Advisors LP holds shared voting and dispositive power of 1
655
000 Act II Class&nbsp;A Shares
RP Select Opportunities Master Fund&nbsp;Ltd. holds shared voting and dispositive power of 1
348
750 Act II Class&nbsp;A Shares
and RP Debt Opportunities Fund&nbsp;Ltd. holds shared voting and dispositive power of 306
250 Act II Class&nbsp;A Shares. RP Select
Opportunities Master Fund&nbsp;Ltd. and RP Debt Opportunities Fund&nbsp;Ltd. are the record and direct beneficial owners of the
securities. RP Investment Advisors LP is the investment advisor of
 and may be deemed to beneficially own securities owned by
RP Select Opportunities Master Fund&nbsp;Ltd. and RP Debt Opportunities Fund&nbsp;Ltd. The address of the principal business office
of each of RP Investment Advisors LP
 RP Select Opportunities Master Fund&nbsp;Ltd. and RP Debt Opportunities Fund&nbsp;Ltd. is
39 Hazelton Avenue
 Toronto
 Ontario
 Canada
 M5R 2E3.


May&nbsp;2
 2019
 AQR Capital Management
 LLC
 AQR Capital Management Holdings
 LLC and CNH Partners
 LLC share voting and
dispositive power of 1
800
000 Act II Class&nbsp;A Shares
 and AQR Absolute Return Master Account
 L.P. and AQR Principal
Global Asset Allocation
 LLC share voting and dispositive power over 1
440
000 Act II Class&nbsp;A Shares. AQR Capital
Management
 LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of AQR Capital Management Holdings
 LLC. CNH Partners
 LLC is deemed to be
controlled by AQR Capital Management
 LLC. AQR Capital Management
 LLC
 and CNH Partners
 LLC act as investment manager to
AQR Absolute Return Master Account
 L.P. AQR Principal Global Asset Allocation
 LLC is the general partner of AQR Absolute
Return Master Account
 L.P. The address of the principal business office of each of the reporting persons is Two Greenwich
Plaza
 Greenwich
 CT 06830.


February&nbsp;13
 2020
 UBS O&rsquo;Connor LLC has sole voting and dispositive power of 1
733
444 Act II Class&nbsp;A Shares.
UBS O&rsquo;Connor LLC serves as the investment manager to (i)&nbsp;Nineteen77 Global Multi-Strategy Alpha Master Limited
(&ldquo;GLEA&rdquo;) and (ii) Nineteen77 Global Merger Arbitrage Master Limited (&ldquo;OGMA&rdquo;). In such capacity
 UBS
O&rsquo;Connor LLC exercises voting and investment power over the Act II Class&nbsp;A Shares held for the account of GLEA and
OGMA. UBS O&rsquo;Connor LLC is a registered investment adviser under Section&nbsp;203 of the Investment Advisers Act of
1940
 as amended. As a result
 UBS O&rsquo;Connor LLC may be deemed to have beneficial ownership (as determined under
Section&nbsp;13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) of the Act II Class&nbsp;A Shares held for the account
of GLEA and OGMA. The address of the principal business office of each of the reporting persons is One North Wacker Drive
32nd Floor
 Chicago
 Illinois 60606.


include the ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants or forward purchase securities held or to be held by our
sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this report.








    
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.




 our sponsor purchased 2
875
000
founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
 or approximately $0.009 per share.&nbsp;On&nbsp;April&nbsp;4
&nbsp;2019
we effected a share capitalization in the form of a share dividend of 2.5&nbsp;shares for each Class B ordinary share in issue
&nbsp;and
on April&nbsp;25
 2019
 we effected a share&nbsp;capitalization in the form of a share dividend of 1.044&nbsp;shares for each
Class B ordinary share in issue
&nbsp;resulting in our sponsor holding&nbsp;an aggregate of 7
503
750 founder shares. The number
of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20% of the issued and
outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise thereof) may not
 subject to certain limited exceptions
 be transferred
 assigned or sold by the holder.


 our sponsor purchased 6
750
000
warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant ($6
750
000&nbsp;in the aggregate) in a private placement closed simultaneously with
the closing of our initial public offering. Each private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole Class A ordinary
share at $11.50 per share
 subject to adjustment as provided herein. The private placement warrants (including the Class&nbsp;A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) may not
 subject to certain limited exceptions
 be transferred
assigned or sold by it until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.


aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current&nbsp;fiduciary
or contractual obligations
 he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to
presenting such business combination opportunity to us
 subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our officers
and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties
to us.


Services Agreement with&nbsp;our sponsor
 pursuant to which we will pay a total of $10
000 per month for office space
 administrative
and support services to such affiliate. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation
 we will cease
paying these monthly fees. Accordingly
 in the event the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum 24&nbsp;months
&nbsp;our
sponsor&nbsp;will be paid a total of $240
000 ($10
000 per month) for office space
 administrative and support services and will
be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket&nbsp;expenses.



    
    



 officers and directors
 or
any of their respective affiliates
 will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket&nbsp;expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor
 officers
 directors or our or
their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling
on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket&nbsp;expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.


$300
000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. As of April 25
 2019
 we had borrowed $273
375
under the promissory note with our sponsor. These loans are non-interest&nbsp;bearing
 unsecured were due at the earlier of December&nbsp;31
2019 or the closing of our initial public offering. The loans were repaid upon the closing of our Public Offering out of the offering
proceeds not held in the trust account. The value of our sponsor&rsquo;s interest in that transaction corresponded to the principal
amount outstanding under any such loan.


 in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination
 our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our
officers and directors may
 but are not obligated to
 loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close
 we may use a portion of
the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be
used for such repayment. Up to $1
500
000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the
option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to the initial holder. The terms
of such loans by our officers and directors
 if any
 have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to
such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe
third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our
trust account.


 members of our management
team who remain with us may be paid consulting
 management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being
fully disclosed to our shareholders
 to the extent then known
 in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials
 as applicable
furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such
tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination
 as applicable
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination&nbsp;business to determine executive and director compensation.


to the founder shares
 private placement warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans (if any).




procedures specifically for related person transactions. Our board of directors is responsible to approve all related party transactions
and approved each of the transactions set forth above.


us to avoid
 wherever possible
 all conflicts of interests
 except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors
(or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics
 conflict
of interest situations include any financial transaction
 arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee
of indebtedness) involving the company.


 our audit committee
 pursuant
to its written charter
 is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into
such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum
is present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee
constitutes a quorum. Without a meeting
 the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee is required
to approve a related party transaction. A form of the audit committee charter is filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement
on Form S-1 (File No. 333-230756) filed by the Company with the SEC on April 16
 2019. We also require each of our directors and
executive officers to complete a directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; questionnaire that elicits information about related party
transactions.


whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part
of a director
 employee or officer.



    
    



we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor
 officers
or directors unless we
 or a committee of independent directors
 have obtained an opinion from independent investment banking
firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore
 no finder&rsquo;s fees
 reimbursements
 consulting fee
 monies in
respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor
 officers or directors
 or any affiliate
of our sponsor or officers
 for services rendered to us prior to
 or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate
the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However
 the following
payments will be made to our sponsor
 officers or directors
 or our or their affiliates
 none of which will be made from the proceeds
of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination:


Repayment of up to an aggregate of up to $300
000




Payment to&nbsp;our sponsor&nbsp;of $10
000 per month
for up to 24&nbsp;months
 for office space




Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket&nbsp;expenses
related to identifying




Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor
or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended
initial business combination
 the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect
thereto. Up to $1
500
000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants
 at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the




that were made to our sponsor
 officers or directors
 or our or their affiliates.




of directors be independent. An &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee
of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company&rsquo;s board
of directors
 would interfere with the director&rsquo;s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Agarwal and McMillin and Ms. Rogers are &ldquo;independent directors&rdquo;
as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings
at which only independent directors are present.



    
Principal Accountant
Fees and Services.



or to be paid to Marcum LLP
 or Marcum
 for services rendered.

. Audit fees consist
of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally
provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements
 review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective
periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31
 2019 totaled $109
180. The above amounts include
interim procedures and audit fees
 as well as attendance at audit committee meetings.

 Audit-related
services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or
review of our financial statements and are not reported under &ldquo;Audit Fees.&rdquo; These services include attest services
that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did
not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31
 2019.&nbsp;

. We did not pay Marcum
for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31
 2019.

. We did not pay
Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31
 2019.




consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result
 the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the
formation of our audit committee
 and on a going-forward basis
 the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors
 including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the
de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit).


    
    






    
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules.



The
following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K:



Financial
Statements:





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



Financial
Statement Schedules:









the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied
at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC
 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Room 1580
 Washington
 D.C. 20549. Copies of such
material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC
 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549
 at prescribed
rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.



    
    






    
    






    
    
    

    
    
Underwriting Agreement
 dated April 25
 2019
 between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald &amp; Co. &nbsp;(1)

    
    
Purchase Agreement
 dated December 19
 2019
 by and among the Company and the Sellers. (3)

    
    
    

    
    
Warrant Agreement
 dated April 25
 2019
 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 as warrant agent. (1)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Letter Agreement
 dated April 25 2019
 by and among the Company
 its officers
 directors and Act II Global LLC. (1)

    
    
Administrative Services Agreement
 dated April 25
 2019
 by and among the Company and Act II Global LLC. (1)

    
    
Investment Management Trust Agreement
 April 25
 2019
 by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 as trustee. (1)

    
    
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated April 25
 2019
 by and between the Company
 Act II Global LLC and the holders party thereto. (1)

    
    
Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement
 dated April 25
 2019
 by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1)

    
    
Sponsor Support Agreement
 dated December 19
 2019
 by and among the Purchaser Sponsor
 the Company
 and the Sellers. (3)

    
    
Promissory note
 dated as of February 13
 2019 issued to Act II Global LLC (2)

    
    
Securities Subscription Agreement
 dated February 14
 2019
 between the Registrant and Act II Global LLC (2)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
Incorporated
    by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed by the Company with the Commission on May 1
 2019.

    
Incorporated by
    reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-230756)&nbsp;&nbsp;filed by the Company with the Commission
    on April 22
 2019.

    
Incorporated by
    reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Commission on December 23
 2019.




    
    








    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM


Act II Global Acquisition Corp.




accompanying balance sheet of Act II Global Acquisition Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2019
 the related
statements of operations
 changes in shareholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2019
 and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2019
 and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2019
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.




are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (the &ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audit
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such
opinion.


performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.







 NY

 2020


    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2019



    
    

    
    

    
1
005
831

    
65
714

    
1
071
545

    
    

    
38
000

    
304
283
025

    
305
392
570

    
    

    
    

    
19
781

    
19
781

    
    

    
11
280
000

    
11
299
781

    
    

    
    

    
    


 28
502
357 shares at redemption value
289
092
780

    
    

    
    


 $0.0001 par value; 2
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding
    


 $0.0001 par value; 200
000
000 shares authorized; 1
497
643 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 28
502
357 shares subject to possible redemption)
    


 $0.0001 par value; 20
000
000 shares authorized; 7
500
000 shares issued and outstanding
    

    
1
066
965

    
3
932
144

    
5
000
009

    
305
392
570



of the financial statements.


    
    




YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2019



    
350
881

    
(350
881

    
    

    
    

    
4
254
861

    
28
164

    
4
283
025

    
    

    
3
932
144

    
    

Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted 
8
410
915

    
    

    
    




    
Excludes an aggregate of 28
502
357 shares subject to possible redemption at December 31
 2019 (see Note 7).

    
Net loss per ordinary share &ndash; basic and diluted excludes income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption of $4
069
302 for the year ended December 31
 2019 (see Note 2).



of the financial statements.


    
    


ACT II GLOBAL ACQUISITION
CORP.
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS&rsquo;
EQUITY
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2019



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance
of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 
    
    
7
503
750
    
24
250
    
25
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


000
000 Units
 net of underwriting discounts and offering expenses
30
000
000
3
000
    
    
283
382
645
    
283
385
645

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


750
000 Private Placement Warrants
    
    
    
    
6
750
000
    
6
750
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
750
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(28
502
357
(2
850
    
    
(289
089
930
    
(289
092
780

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
3
932
144
3
932
144

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
1
497
643
    
7
500
000
    
1
066
965
3
932
144
5
000
009



of the financial statements.


    
    




YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2019



    
    

    
3
932
144

    
    

    
(4
254
861

    
(28
164

    
    

    
(65
714

    
19
781

    
(396
814

    
    

    
    

    
(38
000

    
(300
000
000

    
(300
038
000

    
    

    
    


 net of underwriting discounts paid
294
780
000

    
6
750
000

    
25
000

    
274
178

    
(274
178

    
(114
355

    
301
440
645

    
    

    
1
005
831

    
    

    
1
005
831

    
    

    
    

    
285
145
870

    
3
946
910

    
11
280
000



of the financial statements.


    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2019




is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on August 16
 2018. The Company was incorporated for
the purpose of effecting a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 share purchase
 reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses (a &ldquo;Business Combination&rdquo;). The Company is an &ldquo;emerging growth company
&rdquo; as
defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;)
 as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the &ldquo;JOBS Act&rdquo;).


industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company
and
 as such
 the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.


 2019 (commencement
of operations) through December 31
 2019 relates to the Company&rsquo;s formation
 the initial public offering (&ldquo;Initial
Public Offering&rdquo;)
 which is described below
 the Company&rsquo;s search for a target business with which to complete a Business
Combination and activities in connection with the pending acquisition (see Note 7).


Initial Public Offering were declared effective on April 25
 2019. On April 30
 2019
 the Company consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 30
000
000 units
 inclusive of 3
900
000 units sold to the underwriters upon the election to partially exercise their
over-allotment option (the &ldquo;Units&rdquo; and
 with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units sold
 the &ldquo;public
shares&rdquo;) at $10.00 per Unit
 generating gross proceeds of $300
000
000
 which is described in Note 3. Each Unit consists
of one of the Company&rsquo;s Class A ordinary shares
 par value $0.0001 per share (the &ldquo;Class A Shares&rdquo;)
 and one-half
of one warrant (the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;). Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A Share.


Initial Public Offering
 the Company consummated the sale of 6
750
000 warrants (the &ldquo;Private Placement Warrants&rdquo;)
at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Act II Global Sponsor LLC (the &ldquo;Sponsor&rdquo;)
generating gross proceeds of $6
750
000
 which is described in Note 4.


614
355
 consisting of $5
220
000
of underwriting fees
 $11
280
000 of deferred underwriting fees and $114
355 of other offering costs. The underwriters reimbursed
the Company $470
000 at the closing of the Initial Public Offering for certain offering expenses
 of which such amount was offset
against other offering expenses and recorded as a credit to additional paid in capital. In addition
 at December 31
 2019
 $1
005
831
of cash was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for working capital purposes.


Offering on April 30
 2019
 an amount of $300
000
000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial
Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the &ldquo;Trust Account&rdquo;)
which have been invested in U.S. government securities
 within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act of 1940
 as amended (the &ldquo;Investment Company Act&rdquo;)
 with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act
 as determined
by the Company
 until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of the Business Combination or (ii) the Company&rsquo;s failure to consummate
a Business Combination within the prescribed time.


discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants
 although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business
Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Placing funds in
the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although the Company will seek to have
all vendors
 service providers
 prospective target businesses or other entities it engages execute agreements with the Company
waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
 there is no guarantee that such persons will execute
such agreements. The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company under certain circumstances if and to the extent
any claims by such persons reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account below a specified threshold. The Company has not independently
verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations. Therefore
 the Sponsor may not be able
to satisfy those obligations should they arise. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for
business
 legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses as
well as any taxes.



    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2019


the public shares (the &ldquo;Public Shareholders&rdquo;) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares
upon the completion of the Business Combination
 either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business
Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer
 in either case at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination
 including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing
if the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules
 a Public Shareholder
 together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such
shareholder is acting in concert or as a &ldquo;group&rdquo; (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15% of the public shares. In connection with any shareholder vote required to approve any Business Combination
 the Sponsor
and any other shareholder of the Company prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (collectively with the Sponsor
the &ldquo;Initial Shareholders&rdquo;) and the Company&rsquo;s directors and officers will agree (i) to vote any of their respective
Ordinary Shares (as defined below) in favor of the initial Business Combination and (ii) not to redeem any of their Ordinary Shares
in connection therewith.


Combination only if it has net tangible assets of at least $5
000
001 upon consummation of the Business Combination and
 in the
case of a shareholder vote
 a majority of the outstanding Ordinary Shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.


Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80%
of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred commissions (as defined below) and taxes payable on interest earned) at
the time of the Company signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Business Combination.


Combination by April 30
 2021
 the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable
in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable
 and less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right
to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company&rsquo;s remaining shareholders and its Board of Directors
 dissolve
and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Company&rsquo;s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. In the event of a liquidation
 the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive
a full pro rata interest in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be approximately $10.00 per share
 plus any pro rata interest
earned on the Trust Fund not previously released to the Company and less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses).
There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 7) or the
Private Placement Warrants
 which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by April 24
 2021.

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES




presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;) and
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.




emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is
 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act
provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non
-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period
 which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies
 the Company
 as an emerging growth company
 can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt
the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements with another public company
which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company
 which has opted out of using the extended transition
period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.



    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2019




in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses
during the reporting period.


exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition
 situation or
set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate
could change in the near term due to one or more future events. Accordingly
 the actual results could differ significantly from
those estimates.




with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents
as of December 31
 2019.

Marketable securities held in Trust
Account


 2019
 the assets held in
the Trust Account were substantially held in U.S. Treasury Bills.

Ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption


subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 480
&ldquo;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.&rdquo; Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability
instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption
rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely
within the Company&rsquo;s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times
 ordinary shares are classified as shareholders&rsquo;
equity. The Company&rsquo;s ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company&rsquo;s
control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly
 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented
at redemption value as temporary equity
 outside of the shareholders&rsquo; equity section of the Company&rsquo;s balance sheet.




ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 740&rdquo;). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the
expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation
allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.


uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&rsquo;s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and
measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing
authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense.
There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31
 2019. The Company
is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals or material deviation from
its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.


Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United
States. As such
 the Company&rsquo;s tax provision was zero for the period presented.




    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2019




by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. The Company applies the two-class
method in calculating earnings per share. Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31
 2019
 which are not currently
redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value
 have been excluded from the calculation of basic net loss per ordinary share since
such shares
 if redeemed
 only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered
the effect of warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement to purchase 21
750
000 ordinary shares in
the calculation of diluted loss per share
 since the exercise of the warrants into ordinary shares is contingent upon the occurrence
of future events. As a result
 diluted net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss per ordinary share for the periods
presented.

Reconciliation of net loss per ordinary
share


for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
 as these shares only participate
in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company. Accordingly
 basic and diluted loss per ordinary
share is calculated as follows:



    



    
    

    
3
932
144

    
(4
069
302

    
(137
158

    
    


 basic and diluted
8
410
915

    
    

    
    





subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution which
 at times may exceed
the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250
000. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes
the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.




which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820
 &ldquo;Fair Value Measurement&rdquo;
 approximates the carrying amounts recorded
in the accompanying financial statements
 primarily due to their short-term nature.




issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncements
 if currently adopted
 would have a material effect on the accompanying
financial statements.&nbsp;



    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2019




the Company sold 30
000
000 Units
 inclusive of 3
900
000 Units sold to the underwriters upon the election to partially exercise
their over-allotment option
 at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A Share and one-half of one Warrant.
Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A Share at a price of $11.50 per share. The Warrants will become exercisable
on the later of 30 days after completion of the Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and will expire five years from the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company
may redeem the Warrants at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon 30 days&rsquo; notice
 only in the event that the last sale price
of the Class A Shares is at least $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 rights issuances
 subdivisions
reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading
day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given. The Company will not redeem the Warrants unless a registration statement
under the Securities Act covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is effective and a current prospectus
relating to those shares is available throughout the 30 day redemption period
 unless the Warrants may be exercised on a cashless
basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If the Company redeems the Warrants as described
above
 management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise their Warrants to do so on a cashless basis;
provided that an exemption from registration is available. No Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective
registration statement covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to
such shares. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act
 holders will be
permitted to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis. However
 no Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis
and the Company will not be obligated to issue any Class A Shares to holders seeking to exercise their Warrants
 unless the issuance
of the Class A Shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder
or an exemption is available.


A shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination
at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
 and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or
its affiliates
 without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates
 as applicable
 prior to
such issuance) (the &ldquo;newly issued price&rdquo;)
 the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 115% of the newly issued price.




Initial Public Offering
 the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6
750
000 Private Placement Warrants at $1.00 per Private Placement
Warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of $6
750
000) from the Company. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants was placed into the Trust Account. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one Class A Share at a
price of $11.50 per share. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Warrants included in the Units sold in the Initial
Public Offering except that the Private Placement Warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by the Company; (ii) may be exercised for
cash or on a cashless basis
 as described in the registration statement relating to the Initial Public Offering
 so long as they
are held by the Sponsor or any of its permitted transferees and (iii) are (including the Class A shares issuable upon exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants) entitled to registration rights. Additionally
 the Sponsor has agreed not to transfer
 assign
or sell any of the Private Placement Warrants
 including the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants
(except to certain permitted transferees)
 until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination.






 2019
 the Company issued
an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to $300
000 in the aggregate. The note
was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier to occur of (i) December 31
 2019 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public
Offering. The borrowings outstanding under the note of $274
178 were repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering
on April 30
 2019.




commencing on April 25
 2019 through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or the Company&rsquo;s liquidation
it will pay an aggregate of $10
000 per month to the Sponsor for office space
 administrative and support services. The Company&rsquo;s
Sponsor
 officers and directors
 or any of their respective affiliates
 will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on their behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on
suitable business combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons
in connection with activities on behalf of the Company. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company incurred $80
000 in
fees for these services
 of which $10
000 of such fees are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet as of
December 31
 2019.


    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2019





 in order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended initial Business Combination
 the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company&rsquo;s officers
and directors may
 but are not obligated to
 loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes its initial Business
Combination
 it would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close
 the Company
may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts
 but no proceeds from the
Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1
500
000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $1.00
per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor.







fees of $11
280
000. The deferred fees will be forfeited by the underwriters solely in the event that the Company fails to complete
a Business Combination
 subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.





 2019
 the Company entered
into a sub-lease agreement providing the Company with office space. The sub-lease provides that the Company&rsquo;s occupancy begins
January 2020 with monthly rental payments $19
000 commencing May 1
 2020. The sub-lease terminates on July 13
 2021.






dated December 19
 2019
 as amended February 12
 2020 (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
 with Flavors Holdings Inc. (&ldquo;Flavors
Holdings&rdquo;)
 MW Holdings I LLC (&ldquo;MW Holdings I&rdquo;)
 MW Holdings III LLC (&ldquo;MW Holdings III&rdquo;) and Mafco
Foreign Holdings
 Inc. (together with Flavors Holdings
 MW Holdings I and MW Holdings III
 the &ldquo;Sellers&rdquo;)
 in connection
with the proposed purchase of all of the outstanding equity interests of Merisant Company (&ldquo;Merisant&rdquo;)
 Merisant Luxembourg
(&ldquo;Merisant Luxembourg&rdquo;)
 Mafco Worldwide LLC (&ldquo;Mafco Worldwide&rdquo;)
 Mafco Shanghai LLC (&ldquo;Mafco Shanghai&rdquo;)
EVD Holdings LLC (&ldquo;EVD Holdings&rdquo;)
 and Mafco Deutschland GmbH (together with Merisant
 Merisant Luxembourg
 Mafco
Worldwide
 Mafco Shanghai
 and EVD Holdings
 the &ldquo;Transferred Entities&rdquo;). Subject to the terms and conditions of the
Agreement
 at the closing (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;) of the transactions contemplated thereunder (the &ldquo;Transactions&rdquo;)
the Sellers will sell
 convey
 assign
 transfer and deliver to the Company
 and the Company will purchase
 all of the issued and
outstanding equity interests of the Transferred Entities and certain assets thereof
 and assume certain liabilities included in
the Transferred Assets and Liabilities (as defined in the Agreement)
 in each instance
 free and clear of all liens (subject to
certain exceptions set forth in the Agreement)
 in exchange
 subject to the limitations set forth below
 for the Cash Consideration
and the Ordinary Shares Consideration (as defined below).



set forth in the Agreement
 at the Closing
 the Sellers will receive (i) $450
000
000 in cash (the &ldquo;Base Cash
Consideration&rdquo;)
 plus or minus the Adjustment Amount (as defined in the Agreement) (the &ldquo;Cash
Consideration&rdquo;)
 and (ii) that number of Class A ordinary shares of the Company (&ldquo;Class A Ordinary Shares&rdquo;)
equal to the quotient of (A) the sum of (x) 60
000
000 and (y) the amount
 if any
 by which the Base Cash Consideration is
reduced by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Agreement
 divided by (B) the lowest per share price at which
Class A Ordinary Shares are sold by the Company to any person from and after the date of the Agreement but prior to
 at or in
connection with the Closing (the &ldquo;Ordinary Share Consideration&rdquo;). The Agreement further provides the Company with
the option
 immediately prior to Closing
 subject to certain conditions set forth in the Agreement and after (a) giving
effect to the Private Placement (described below)
 any additional equity financing
 and the Debt Financing (described below)
and (b) taking into account all amounts held by the Company in trust
 to reduce the Base Cash Consideration by the amount of
funds necessary (up to $55
000
000) for the Company to pay (i) the Cash Consideration
 (ii) any amounts paid in connection
with the Warrant Amendment (described below)
 and (iii) the Transaction Costs (as defined in the Agreement) in exchange for a
dollar-for-dollar increase in the Ordinary Shares Consideration.



Agreement contemplates that immediately following the Closing
 the Company&rsquo;s sponsor
 Act II Global LLC (the &ldquo;Sponsor&rdquo;)
will place 2
000
000 Class A Ordinary Shares (which will be converted at Closing from Class B ordinary shares of the Company currently
held by the Sponsor) (the &ldquo;Escrowed Sponsor Shares&rdquo;) into escrow
 which will be held in escrow by the Company&rsquo;s
transfer agent. The Escrowed Sponsor Shares will be released to the Sponsor upon the earliest to occur of (i) the volume weighted-average
per-share trading price of Class A Ordinary Shares being at or above $20.00 per share for twenty (20) trading days in any thirty
(30)-trading day continuous trading period during the Escrow Period
 (ii) a change in control of the Company
 and (iii) 5-year
anniversary of the Closing.


    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2019





 2019
 in connection with entering into the Agreement
the Company entered into a commitment letter (the &ldquo;Commitment Letter&rdquo;) with TD Securities (USA) LLC (&ldquo;TDSL&rdquo;)
as left lead arranger and book runner
 The Toronto-Dominion Bank
 New York Branch (&ldquo;TDNY&rdquo;)
 and Toronto Dominion (Texas)
LLC (&ldquo;TDTX&rdquo;) as administrative agent. Pursuant to the Commitment Letter
 TDSL agreed to arrange and TDNY committed
to provide the Company with (i) a senior secured term loan facility in the aggregate amount of up to $185
000
000 (the &ldquo;Term
Facility&rdquo;) and (ii) a senior secured revolving credit facility of up to $50
000
000 (the &ldquo;Revolving Facility
&rdquo;
and together with the Term Facility
 the &ldquo;Credit Facilities&rdquo;). The proceeds of the Term Facility on the Closing Date
(as defined in the Agreement) may be used (x) to fund the Transactions
 and (y) to pay the fees
 costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the Transactions. Up to $5
000
000 of the proceeds of the Revolving Facility (which may be increased) may be used
on the Closing Date for general corporate purposes and to backstop or replace letters of credit. The proceeds of the Revolving
Facility after the Closing Date may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes
 including for capital expenditures.
The availability of the borrowings under the Credit Facilities is subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions
including the consummation of the Transactions.




 on February 12
2020
 the Company entered into subscription agreements with certain investors (collectively
 the &ldquo;Private Placement Investors&rdquo;)
pursuant to which
 among other things
 such investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase
 and the Company agreed to issue and
sell to such investors
 7
500
000 of the Company&rsquo;s Class A ordinary shares
 par value $0.0001 (the &ldquo;Ordinary Shares&rdquo;)
and warrants representing the right to purchase 2
631
750 Ordinary Shares (the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;) for gross proceeds of approximately
$75
000
000 (the &ldquo;Private Placement&rdquo;). The Company granted certain customary registration rights to the Private Placement
Investors. The Ordinary Shares and Warrants to be offered and sold in connection with the Private Placements have not been registered
under the Securities Act
 in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D
or Regulation S promulgated thereunder without any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Private Placement is
contingent upon
 among other things
 the closing of the Transactions. The proceeds from the Private Placement will be used to fund
a portion of the Aggregate Cash Obligations (as defined under the Agreement) for the Transactions. In connection with the above
agreements
 the Company has agreed to put forth a proposal to the Company&rsquo;s public warrant holders to consider and vote upon
an amendment (the &ldquo;Warrant Amendment&rdquo;) to the existing warrant agreement that governs all of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding
warrants to provide that
 immediately prior to the Closing
 (i) each of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding warrants
 which currently
entitle the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share
 will become exercisable
for one-half of one share at an exercise price of $5.75 per one-half share ($11.50 per whole share) and (ii) each holder of a warrant
will receive
 for each such warrant
 a cash payment of $0.75 (although the holders of the Private Placement warrants have waived
their rights to receive such payment).




 the
Company
 the Sponsor
 and the Sellers entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement on December 19
 2019
 as amended on February
12
 2020 (the &ldquo;Sponsor Support Agreement&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to certain covenants and
agreements related to the Transactions
 particularly with respect to taking supportive actions to consummate the Transactions
and to designate two of the Sellers&rsquo; directors to the board of directors of the Company
 to be effective at the
Closing. In addition
 the Sponsor irrevocably waived its anti-dilution protections under the Company&rsquo;s Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association in connection with any new issuances of Ordinary Shares. In accordance with
the terms of the Sponsor Support Agreement
 the Sponsor will forfeit (i) 3
000
000 Class B ordinary shares of the Company;
and (ii) 6
750
000 warrants to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares at a price of $11.50 per share (the &ldquo;Founder
Warrants&rdquo;) immediately following the Closing; and the Sponsor has waived any rights that it might otherwise have to
receive any cash payment with respect to its Founder Warrants.





 The Company
is authorized to issue 2
000
000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001. The Company&rsquo;s board of directors is authorized
to fix the voting rights
 if any
 designations
 powers
 preferences
 the relative
 participating
 optional or other special rights
and any qualifications
 limitations and restrictions thereof
 applicable to the shares of each series. The board of directors will
be able to
 without shareholder approval
 issue preferred shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting
power and other rights of the holders of the Ordinary Shares and could have anti-takeover effects. At December 31
 2019
 there
were no preference shares issued or outstanding.



  The Company
is authorized to issue 200
000
000 Class A Shares
 with a par value of $0.0001 each
 and 20
000
000 Class B ordinary shares
 with
a par value of $0.0001 each (the &ldquo;Class B Shares&rdquo; and
 together with the Class A Shares
 the &ldquo;Ordinary Shares&rdquo;).
Holders of the Ordinary Shares are entitled to one vote for each Ordinary Share; provided that only holders of the Class B Shares
have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. The Class B Shares will automatically convert
into Class A Shares at the time of the Business Combination
 on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment for share splits
 share
dividends
 rights issuances
 subdivisions
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like
 and subject to further adjustment as
provided herein. In the case that additional Class A Shares
 or equity-linked securities
 are issued or deemed issued in excess
of the amounts sold in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of the Business Combination
 the ratio at which the
Class B Shares shall convert into Class A Shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B
Shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of
Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal
 in the aggregate
 20% of the sum of all Ordinary Shares
outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all Class A Shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed
issued in connection with the Business Combination
 excluding any Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities issued
 or to be
issued
 to any seller in the Business Combination
 any Private Placement-equivalent Warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates
upon conversion of loans made to the Company. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B Shares into an
equal number of Class A Shares
 subject to adjustment as provided above
 at any time.


 2019
 there were 1
497
643
Class A Shares issued and outstanding
 excluding 28
502
357 Class A Shares subject to possible redemption. At December 31
 2019
there were 7
500
000 Class B Shares issued and outstanding.


    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2019

 &mdash; On February
15
 2019
 an aggregate of 2
875
000 Class B Shares (the &ldquo;Founder Shares&rdquo;) were sold to the Sponsor for an aggregate
purchase price of $25
000. On April 4
 2019
 the Company effected a share capitalization in the form of a share dividend of 2.5
shares for each Founder Share in issue
 and on April 25
 2019
 the Company effected a share capitalization in the form of a share
dividend of 1.044 shares for each Founder Share in issue
 resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of 7
503
750 Founder Shares.
All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share dividends. The 7
503
750 Founder Shares included
an aggregate of up to 978
750 Founder Shares that were subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in
full by the underwriters in order to maintain the Initial Shareholder&rsquo;s ownership at 20% of the issued and outstanding Ordinary
Shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriters&rsquo; election to partially exercise their
over-allotment option
 3
750 Founder Shares were forfeited and 975
000 Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.


Class A Shares included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering
 except that the Founder Shares (i) have the voting rights
described above
 (ii) are subject to certain transfer restrictions described below and (iii) are convertible into Class A Shares
on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions contained therein
 (iv) certain registration
rights. The Founder Shares may not be transferred
 assigned or sold until the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of the
Business Combination and (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation
 merger
 share exchange
 reorganization or
other similar transaction after the Business Combination that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A Shares for cash
 securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if the last sale price of the Class
A Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 rights issuances
 subdivisions
 reorganizations
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 -trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the
Business Combination
 the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up.




Topic 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period
 and
non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually.


assets and liabilities reflects management&rsquo;s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with
the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities
 the Company seeks to maximize
the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal
assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify
assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



about the Company&rsquo;s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31
 2019
 and indicates the fair
value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value:



    
    
December&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
    
304
283
025





 the Company is subject to various claims
lawsuits and other legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims
 lawsuits
and other proceedings may involve highly complex issues that are subject to substantial uncertainties
 and could result in damages
fines
 penalties
 non-monetary sanctions or relief. However
 the Company&rsquo;s management does not consider any such claims
lawsuits or proceedings that are currently pending
 individually or in the aggregate
 to be material to the Company&rsquo;s business
or likely to result in a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s future operating results
 financial condition or cash flows.




occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued. Based upon this review
 other than
as disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would
have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.



    
    





of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



March 30
 2020
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ John
    Carroll
    
    
    
March 30
    2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ Ira
    J. Lamel
    
    
    
March 30
    2020

    
    
(Principal Financial and Accounting
    Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 30
    2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 30
    2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 30
    2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 30
    2020

    
    
    
    
    



















     




DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT&rsquo;S
SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF
THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 AS AMENDED


 2019
 Act II Global Acquisition
Corp. (&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) had the following three classes of securities
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;): (i) its Class
A ordinary shares
 $0.0001 par value per share (&ldquo;Class A ordinary shares&rdquo;)
 (ii) its warrants
 exercisable for one
Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share
 and (iii) its units
 consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one warrant to purchase
one-half of one Class A ordinary share. In addition
 this Description of Securities also contains a description of the Company&rsquo;s
Class B ordinary shares
 par value $0.0001 per share (the &ldquo;Class B ordinary shares&rdquo; or &ldquo;founder shares&rdquo;)
which is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but is convertible into Class A ordinary shares. The description
of the Class B ordinary shares is necessary to understand the material terms of the Class A ordinary shares.


and articles of association
 our authorized capital stock consists of 200
000
000 Class A ordinary shares
 20
000
000 Class B ordinary
shares
 and 2
000
000 undesignated preference shares
 $0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the material
terms of our capital stock.


herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K.




share and one-half of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price
of $11.50 per share
 subject to adjustment. Pursuant to the warrant agreement
 a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only
for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant
holder.




ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and
vote together as a single class
 except as required by law; provided
 that holders of our Class B ordinary shares have the right
to appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and holders of our Class A ordinary shares are not entitled
to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90% of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting.


 our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange rules
 the affirmative vote of a majority
of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders (other than the appointment
of directors)
 and the affirmative vote of a majority of our founder shares is required to approve the appointment of directors.
Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Directors are elected for a term of two years. There is
no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors
 with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the founder
shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable
dividends when
 as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor.



    
    



with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share&nbsp;price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account described below
as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination
 including interest (which interest shall
be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares that were sold as part of
the units
 which we refer to collectively as our public shares
 subject to the limitations described herein. The per-share&nbsp;amount
we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we
will pay to the underwriter. Our sponsor
 officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us
 pursuant to which
they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the
completion of our initial business combination.


shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related
redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by
law
 if a shareholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons
we will
 pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC
 and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the
same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the
SEC&rsquo;s proxy rules. If
 however
 a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law
 or we decide to obtain shareholder
approval for business or other legal reasons
 we will
 like many blank check companies
 offer to redeem shares in conjunction with
a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval
 we
will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted
in favor of the initial business combination.


of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares
 non-votes&nbsp;will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination
once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written
notice of any such meeting
 if required
 at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination.


business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder
 together with
any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a&nbsp;&ldquo;group&rdquo;&nbsp;(as
defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act)
 will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15% of the Class A ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering
 which we refer to as the&nbsp;&ldquo;Excess Shares.&rdquo;&nbsp;However
we would not be restricting our shareholders&rsquo;&nbsp;ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against
our initial business combination. Our shareholders&rsquo;&nbsp;inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence
over our ability to complete our initial business combination
 and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment
if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally
 such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with
respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And
 as a result
 such shareholders will continue to hold
that number of shares exceeding 15% and
 in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market
transactions
 potentially at a loss.


with our initial business combination
 our sponsor
 officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree)
pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us
 to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares
purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally
 each public shareholder
may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.



    
    



and articles of association
 if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of
our initial public offering
 we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but no more than ten business days thereafter
 subject to lawfully available funds therefor
 redeem the public shares
at a per-share&nbsp;price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
 including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders&rsquo;&nbsp;rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as
reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors
liquidate and dissolve
 subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and
the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor
 officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us
 pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder
shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering.
However
 if our sponsor acquires public shares after our initial public offering
 they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time period.


 dissolution
or winding up of the company after a business combination
 our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares
 if any
 having
preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund
provisions applicable to the ordinary shares
 except that we will provide our shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
 including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable) upon the completion of our initial business combination
 subject to the limitations
described herein.




A ordinary shares and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders
 except that (i) holders
of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination
 (ii) the
founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions
 as described in more detail below
 and (iii) our sponsor
 officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us
 pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights
with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and
(B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to
complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering
 although they will
be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within such time period and (iv) the founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary
shares at the time of our initial business combination
 or earlier at the option of the holder
 on a one-for-one&nbsp;basis
 subject
to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution&nbsp;rights
 as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association. If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote
 our sponsor
 officers
and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree)
 pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into
with us
 to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased in favor of our initial business combination.
As a result
 in addition to our initial shareholder&rsquo;s founder shares
 we would need only&nbsp;9
787
501
&nbsp;or 37.5%
 of
the&nbsp;26
100
000&nbsp;public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all
outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved.


convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one&nbsp;basis
 subject to adjustment
for share splits
 share capitalizations
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like
 and subject to further adjustment as
provided herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In the case that additional Class A ordinary
shares
 or equity-linked&nbsp;securities
 are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in our initial public offering
and related to the closing of the business combination
 the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary
shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive
such anti-dilution&nbsp;adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal
 in the aggregate
 20% of the sum of all ordinary shares
outstanding plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked&nbsp;securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business
combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked&nbsp;securities issued
 or to be issued
 to any seller in the initial business
combination and any private placement-equivalent&nbsp;warrants issued to our sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans
made to us). Holders of founder shares may also elect to convert their Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of Class A
ordinary shares
 subject to adjustment as provided above
 at any time. The term&nbsp;&ldquo;equity-linked&nbsp;securities&rdquo;&nbsp;refers
to any debt or equity securities that are convertible
 exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a
financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination
 including but not limited to a private placement of
equity or debt. Securities could be&nbsp;&ldquo;deemed issued&rdquo;&nbsp;for purposes of the conversion adjustment if such shares
are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities
 warrants or similar securities.



    
    



 the founder
shares are not transferable
 assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with our sponsor
 each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion
of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination
 (x) if the last sale price of the Class
A ordinary shares equal or exceed $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits
 share capitalizations
 rights issuances
 subdivisions
reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading&nbsp;day period commencing at least
150 days after our initial business combination
 or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on
which we complete a liquidation
 merger
 share exchange
 reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our
public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash
 securities or other property.




holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share
 subject to adjustment as discussed below
 at any
time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering or 30 days after the completion of our
initial business combination. &nbsp;Pursuant to the warrant agreement
 a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole
number of Class A ordinary shares. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder.
The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination
 at 5:00 p.m.
 New York City time
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.


A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration
statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a
prospectus relating thereto is current
 subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration.
No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis
 and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking
to exercise their warrants
 unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities
laws of the state of the exercising holder
 or an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately
preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant
 the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such
warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for
the exercised warrants
 the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely
for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit.


but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination
 we will use our best efforts
to file
 and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective
 a registration statement
covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our best efforts to cause the same to
become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement
 and a current prospectus relating thereto
 until
the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. No warrants will be exercisable for
cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if a registration
statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period
following the consummation of our initial business combination
 warrant holders may
 until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement
 exercise warrants on
a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
 provided that such exemption is available.
If that exemption
 or another exemption
 is not available
 holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis.



    
    



 we may call the warrants
for redemption:








upon not less than 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice of redemption
(the &ldquo;30-day redemption period&rdquo;) to each warrant holder; and 



if
 and only if
 the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary
shares equal or exceed $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits
 share capitalizations
 rights issuances
 subdivisions
 reorganizations
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading&nbsp;day period ending on the third trading day prior
to the date we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.&#8203;


by us
 we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration
or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use
our best efforts to register or qualify such shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which
the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering.

criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant
exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants
 each warrant holder
will be entitled to exercise his
 her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However
 the price of the Class A
ordinary shares may fall below the $18.00 redemption trigger price as well as the $11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption
notice is issued.


described above
 our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his
 her or its warrant to do
so on a&nbsp;&ldquo;cashless basis.&rdquo;&nbsp;In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a&nbsp;&ldquo;cashless
basis
&rdquo;&nbsp;our management will consider
 among other factors
 our cash position
 the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise
of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option
 all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants
 multiplied by the excess of the&nbsp;&ldquo;fair market value&rdquo;&nbsp;(defined
below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The&nbsp;&ldquo;fair market value&rdquo;&nbsp;shall
mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day
prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this
option
 the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A ordinary shares to be
received upon exercise of the warrants
 including the&nbsp;&ldquo;fair market value&rdquo;&nbsp;in such case. Requiring a cashless
exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption.
We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial
business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option
 our sponsor
and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis
using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been
required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis
 as described in more detail below.


in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant
 to the
extent that after giving effect to such exercise
 such person (together with such person&rsquo;s affiliates)
 to the warrant agent&rsquo;s
actual knowledge
 would beneficially own in excess of 9.8% (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary
shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.



    
    



A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares
 or by a sub-division&nbsp;of Class A ordinary
shares or other similar event
 then
 on the effective date of such capitalization
 sub-division&nbsp;or similar event
 the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued
and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. A rights offering to holders of Class A ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase
Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary
shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under
any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares)
multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering divided
by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for
Class A ordinary shares
 in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares
 there will be taken into account any consideration
received for such rights
 as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means
the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading
day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market
regular way
 without the right to receive such rights.


 if we
 at any time while the
warrants are outstanding and unexpired
 pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash
 securities or other assets to the holders
of Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other ordinary shares into which the warrants are convertible)
other than (a) as described above
 (b) certain ordinary cash dividends
 (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of
Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination
 (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the
holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our Class A ordinary shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within the time frame set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination
 then
the warrant exercise price will be decreased
 effective immediately after the effective date of such event
 by the amount of cash
and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event.

is decreased by a consolidation
 combination
 reverse share split or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar
event
 then
 on the effective date of such consolidation
 combination
 reverse share split
 reclassification or similar event
the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in
issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares.


purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted
 as described above
 the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying
the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of
Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment
 and (y) the denominator
of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter.


of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of
such Class A ordinary shares)
 or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than
a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares)
 or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity
of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved
the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive
 upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions
specified in the warrants and in lieu of our Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the
exercise of the rights represented thereby
 the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash)
receivable upon such reclassification
 reorganization
 merger or consolidation
 or upon a dissolution following any such sale or
transfer
 that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to
such event. However
 if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities
 cash
or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger
 then the kind and amount of securities
 cash or other assets for
which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share
by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election
 and if a tender
 exchange or redemption
offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender
 exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection
with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company&rsquo;s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business
combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which
 upon completion of such
tender or exchange offer
 the maker thereof
 together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the
Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part
 and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of
Rule 12b-2&nbsp;under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part
 own
beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3&nbsp;under the Exchange Act) more than 50% of the issued and outstanding Class A
ordinary shares
 the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash
 securities or other property to
which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to
the expiration of such tender or exchange offer
 accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder
had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer
 subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender
or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. Additionally
 if
less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of
Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an
established over-the-counter&nbsp;market
 or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event
 and if
the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction
the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the per share consideration minus Black-Scholes&nbsp;Warrant
Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant.



    
    



under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 as warrant agent
 and us. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective
provision
 but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change
that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants.


 if we issue additional ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at a newly issued price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined
in good faith by our board of directors
 and in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates
 without taking
into account any founder shares held by the sponsor or such affiliates
 as applicable
 prior to such issuance)
 the exercise price
of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the newly issued price.


of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent
 with the exercise form on the
reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated
 accompanied by full payment of the exercise price
(or on a cashless basis
 if applicable)
 by certified or official bank check payable to us
 for the number of warrants being exercised.
The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A ordinary shares and any voting rights until they
exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the
warrants
 each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.


number of Class A ordinary shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If
 upon exercise of the
warrants
 a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share
 we will
 upon exercise
 round down to the nearest
whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder.

Certain anti-takeover provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association


are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes
 including
future offerings to raise additional capital
 acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued
and unreserved ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of
us by means of a proxy contest
 tender offer
 merger or otherwise.


















     







 John Carroll
 certify that:





Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly







Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.


 2020



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    













     







 Ira J. Lamel
 certify that:





Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly







Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.


 2020



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    













     







SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31
 2019
 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 John Carroll
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as added by &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:





To my knowledge
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.


 2020



    
/s/
    John Carroll
    

    
John
    Carroll
    

    
Chief
    Executive Officer 
    

    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    














     







SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31
 2019
 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Ira J. Lamel
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as added by &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of




To my knowledge
 the information contained in the
Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for




 2020



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






















        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 only in the event that the last sale price of the Class A Shares is at least $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 rights issuances
 subdivisions
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given. The Company will not redeem the Warrants unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares is available throughout the 30 day redemption period


000
000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account)
 which have been invested in U.S. government securities
 within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the Investment Company Act)
 with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act
 as determined by the Company


 as described in the registration statement relating to the Initial Public Offering
 so long as they are held by the Sponsor or any of its permitted transferees and (iii) are (including the Class A shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) entitled to registration rights. Additionally
 the Sponsor has agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the Private Placement Warrants
 including the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants (except to certain permitted transferees)

    

 which currently entitle the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share
 will become exercisable for one-half of one share at an exercise price of $5.75 per one-half share ($11.50 per whole share) and (ii) each holder of a warrant will receive
 for each such warrant

    

 and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates
 without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates
 as applicable
 prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price)


 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable
 and less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company's remaining shareholders and its Board of Directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Company's obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In the event of a liquidation
 the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive a full pro rata interest in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be approximately $10.00 per share
 plus any pro rata interest earned on the Trust Fund not previously released to the Company and less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 7) or the Private Placement Warrants
 which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by April 24

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 it will pay an aggregate of $10
000 per month to the Sponsor for office space
 administrative and support services. The Company's Sponsor
 officers and directors
 or any of their respective affiliates


500


000 in the aggregate. The note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier to occur of (i) December 31

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

 and on April 25
 2019
 the Company effected a share capitalization in the form of a share dividend of 1.044 shares for each Founder Share in issue
 resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of 7
503
750 Founder Shares. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share dividends. The 7
503
750 Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 978
750 Founder Shares that were subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters in order to maintain the Initial Shareholder's ownership at 20% of the issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriters' election to partially exercise their over-allotment option
 3
750 Founder Shares were forfeited and 975


 merger
 share exchange
 reorganization or other similar transaction after the Business Combination that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A Shares for cash
 securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if the last sale price of the Class A Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 rights issuances
 subdivisions
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 -trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Business Combination

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    











    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities&#13;registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act&#13;provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non&#13;-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended&#13;transition period
 which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private&#13;companies
 the Company
 as an emerging growth company
 can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt&#13;the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company's financial statements with another public company
&#13;which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company


 situation or&#13;set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate
&#13;could change in the near term due to one or more future events. Accordingly




 2019


 ordinary shares are classified as shareholders'&#13;equity. The Company's ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company's&#13;control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly
 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented&#13;at redemption value as temporary equity


 2019
 which are not currently&#13;redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value
 have been excluded from the calculation of basic net loss per ordinary share since&#13;such shares
 if redeemed
 only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered&#13;the effect of warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement to purchase 21
750
000 ordinary shares in&#13;the calculation of diluted loss per share
 since the exercise of the warrants into ordinary shares is contingent upon the occurrence&#13;of future events. As a result


 as these shares only participate&#13;in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company. Accordingly

&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%; text-align: left&gt;Net income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;3
932
144&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: Income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(4
069
302&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Adjusted net loss&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(137
158&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;8
410


 at times may exceed&#13;the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250


 but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncements
 if currently adopted


&#13;the Company sold 30
000
000 Units
 inclusive of 3
900
000 Units sold to the underwriters upon the election to partially exercise&#13;their over-allotment option
 at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A Share and one-half of one Warrant.&#13;Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A Share at a price of $11.50 per share. The Warrants will become exercisable&#13;on the later of 30 days after completion of the Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering&#13;and will expire five years from the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company&#13;may redeem the Warrants at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon 30 days' notice
 only in the event that the last sale price&#13;of the Class A Shares is at least $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 rights issuances
 subdivisions
&#13;reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading&#13;day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given. The Company will not redeem the Warrants unless a registration statement&#13;under the Securities Act covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is effective and a current prospectus&#13;relating to those shares is available throughout the 30 day redemption period
 unless the Warrants may be exercised on a cashless&#13;basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If the Company redeems the Warrants as described&#13;above
 management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise their Warrants to do so on a cashless basis;&#13;provided that an exemption from registration is available. No Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective&#13;registration statement covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to&#13;such shares. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act
 holders will be&#13;permitted to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis. However
 no Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis
&#13;and the Company will not be obligated to issue any Class A Shares to holders seeking to exercise their Warrants
 unless the issuance&#13;of the Class A Shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder

 and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or&#13;its affiliates
 without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates
 as applicable
 prior to&#13;such issuance) (the newly issued price)


 the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6
750
000 Private Placement Warrants at $1.00 per Private Placement&#13;Warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of $6
750
000) from the Company. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private&#13;Placement Warrants was placed into the Trust Account. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one Class A Share at a&#13;price of $11.50 per share. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Warrants included in the Units sold in the Initial&#13;Public Offering except that the Private Placement Warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by the Company; (ii) may be exercised for&#13;cash or on a cashless basis
 as described in the registration statement relating to the Initial Public Offering
 so long as they&#13;are held by the Sponsor or any of its permitted transferees and (iii) are (including the Class A shares issuable upon exercise&#13;of the Private Placement Warrants) entitled to registration rights. Additionally
 the Sponsor has agreed not to transfer
 assign&#13;or sell any of the Private Placement Warrants
 including the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants&#13;(except to certain permitted transferees)


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%; text-align: left&gt;Net income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;3
932
144&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: Income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(4
069
302&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Adjusted net loss&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(137
158&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;8
410


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Assets:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Marketable securities held in Trust Account&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;304
283

    
    
    
    

000
000 in cash (the Base Cash Consideration)
 plus or minus the Adjustment Amount (as defined in the Agreement) (the Cash Consideration)
 and (ii) that number of Class A ordinary shares of the Company (Class A Ordinary Shares) equal to the quotient of (A) the sum of (x) 60
000
000 and (y) the amount
 if any
 by which the Base Cash Consideration is reduced by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Agreement
 divided by (B) the lowest per share price at which Class A Ordinary Shares are sold by the Company to any person from and after the date of the Agreement but prior to
 at or in connection with the Closing (the Ordinary Share Consideration). The Agreement further provides the Company with the option
 immediately prior to Closing
 subject to certain conditions set forth in the Agreement and after (a) giving effect to the Private Placement (described below)
 any additional equity financing
 and the Debt Financing (described below) and (b) taking into account all amounts held by the Company in trust
 to reduce the Base Cash Consideration by the amount of funds necessary (up to $55
000
000) for the Company to pay (i) the Cash Consideration
 (ii) any amounts paid in connection with the Warrant Amendment (described below)


 among other things
 such investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase
 and the Company agreed to issue and sell to such investors
 7
500
000 of the Company's Class A ordinary shares
 par value $0.0001 (Ordinary Shares)
 and warrants representing the right to purchase 2
631
750 Ordinary Shares (the Warrants) for gross proceeds of approximately $75
000


 2019
 as amended on February 12
 2020 (the Sponsor Support Agreement)
 pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to certain covenants and agreements related to the Transactions
 particularly with respect to taking supportive actions to consummate the Transactions and to designate two of the Sellers' directors to the board of directors of the Company
 to be effective at the Closing. In addition
 the Sponsor irrevocably waived its anti-dilution protections under the Company's Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association in connection with any new issuances of Ordinary Shares. In accordance with the terms of the Sponsor Support Agreement
 the Sponsor will forfeit (i) 3
000
000 Class B ordinary shares of the Company; and (ii) 6
750


 the Company's sponsor
 Act II Global LLC (the Sponsor)
 will place 2
000
000 Class A Ordinary Shares (which will be converted at Closing from Class B ordinary shares of the Company currently held by the Sponsor) (the Escrowed Sponsor Shares) into escrow
 which will be held in escrow by the Company's transfer agent. The Escrowed Sponsor Shares will be released to the Sponsor upon the earliest to occur of (i) the volume weighted-average per-share trading price of Class A Ordinary Shares being at or above $20.00 per share for twenty (20) trading days in any thirty (30)-trading day continuous trading period during the Escrow Period
 (ii) a change in control of the Company


000
000 (the Term Facility) and (ii) a senior secured revolving credit facility of up to $50
000
000 (the Revolving Facility, and together with the Term Facility
 the Credit Facilities). The proceeds of the Term Facility on the Closing Date (as defined in the Agreement) may be used (x) to fund the Transactions
 and (y) to pay the fees
 costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions. Up to $5
000




 2019

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Assets:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Marketable securities held in Trust Account&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;304
283

    

 2018. The Company was incorporated for&#13;the purpose of effecting a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 share purchase
 reorganization or similar business combination&#13;with one or more businesses (a Business Combination). The Company is an emerging growth company, as&#13;defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the Securities Act)

 as such

 2019 (commencement&#13;of operations) through December 31
 2019 relates to the Company's formation
 the initial public offering (Initial&#13;Public Offering)
 which is described below

 2019. On April 30
 2019
 the Company consummated the Initial Public&#13;Offering of 30
000
000 units
 inclusive of 3
900
000 units sold to the underwriters upon the election to partially exercise their&#13;over-allotment option (the Units and
 with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units sold
 the public&#13;shares) at $10.00 per Unit
 generating gross proceeds of $300
000
000
 which is described in Note 3. Each Unit consists&#13;of one of the Company's Class A ordinary shares
 par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Shares)

 the Company consummated the sale of 6
750
000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants)&#13;at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Act II Global Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor)
&#13;generating gross proceeds of $6
750
000

614
355
 consisting of $5
220
000&#13;of underwriting fees
 $11
280
000 of deferred underwriting fees and $114
355 of other offering costs. The underwriters reimbursed&#13;the Company $470
000 at the closing of the Initial Public Offering for certain offering expenses
 of which such amount was offset&#13;against other offering expenses and recorded as a credit to additional paid in capital. In addition
 at December 31
 2019
 $1
005

 2019
 an amount of $300
000
000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial&#13;Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account)
&#13;which have been invested in U.S. government securities
 within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company&#13;Act of 1940
 as amended (the Investment Company Act)
 with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment&#13;company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act
 as determined&#13;by the Company

 although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.&#13;There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Placing funds in the Trust&#13;Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although the Company will seek to have all vendors
&#13;service providers
 prospective target businesses or other entities it engages execute agreements with the Company waiving any&#13;claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
 there is no guarantee that such persons will execute such agreements.&#13;The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company under certain circumstances if and to the extent any claims by such&#13;persons reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account below a specified threshold. The Company has not independently verified&#13;whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations. Therefore
 the Sponsor may not be able to satisfy&#13;those obligations should they arise. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business

 either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business&#13;Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer
 in either case at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount&#13;then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination
 including interest&#13;(which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing
&#13;if the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions pursuant to&#13;the tender offer rules
 a Public Shareholder
 together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such&#13;shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of&#13;1934
 as amended (the Exchange Act)
 will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate&#13;of 15% of the public shares. In connection with any shareholder vote required to approve any Business Combination
 the Sponsor&#13;and any other shareholder of the Company prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (collectively with the Sponsor

000
001 upon consummation of the Business Combination and
 in the&#13;case of a shareholder vote

 2021
 the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly&#13;as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable&#13;in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of&#13;taxes payable
 and less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public&#13;shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right&#13;to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible&#13;following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company's remaining shareholders and its Board of Directors
 dissolve&#13;and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Company's obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors&#13;and the requirements of other applicable law. In the event of a liquidation
 the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive&#13;a full pro rata interest in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be approximately $10.00 per share
 plus any pro rata interest&#13;earned on the Trust Fund not previously released to the Company and less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses).&#13;There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 7) or the&#13;Private Placement Warrants
 which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by April 24


 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities&#13;registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act&#13;provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non&#13;-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended&#13;transition period
 which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private&#13;companies
 the Company
 as an emerging growth company
 can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt&#13;the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company's financial statements with another public company
&#13;which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company

 situation or&#13;set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate
&#13;could change in the near term due to one or more future events. Accordingly


 2019

 ordinary shares are classified as shareholders'&#13;equity. The Company's ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company's&#13;control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly
 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented&#13;at redemption value as temporary equity


 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing&#13;authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense.&#13;There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31
 2019. The Company&#13;is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments


 2019
 which are not currently&#13;redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value
 have been excluded from the calculation of basic net loss per ordinary share since&#13;such shares
 if redeemed
 only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered&#13;the effect of warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement to purchase 21
750
000 ordinary shares in&#13;the calculation of diluted loss per share
 since the exercise of the warrants into ordinary shares is contingent upon the occurrence&#13;of future events. As a result

 as these shares only participate&#13;in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company. Accordingly

&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%; text-align: left&gt;Net income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;3
932
144&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: Income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(4
069
302&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Adjusted net loss&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(137
158&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;8
410

 at times may exceed&#13;the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250

&#13;which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820
 Fair Value Measurement
 approximates the carrying amounts recorded&#13;in the accompanying financial statements

 but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncements
 if currently adopted



 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing&#13;authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense.&#13;There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31
 2019. The Company&#13;is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments



&#13;which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820
 Fair Value Measurement
 approximates the carrying amounts recorded&#13;in the accompanying financial statements


 2019
 the Company issued&#13;an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to $300
000 in the aggregate. The note&#13;was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier to occur of (i) December 31
 2019 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public&#13;Offering. The borrowings outstanding under the note of $274
178 were repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering&#13;on April 30

&#13;commencing on April 25
 2019 through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or the Company's liquidation
&#13;it will pay an aggregate of $10
000 per month to the Sponsor for office space
 administrative and support services. The Company's&#13;Sponsor
 officers and directors
 or any of their respective affiliates
 will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred&#13;in connection with activities on their behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on&#13;suitable business combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons&#13;in connection with activities on behalf of the Company. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company incurred $80
000 in&#13;fees for these services
 of which $10
000 of such fees are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet as of&#13;December 31

 in order to finance transaction costs in connection&#13;with an intended initial Business Combination
 the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company's officers&#13;and directors may
 but are not obligated to
 loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes its initial Business&#13;Combination
 it would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close
 the Company&#13;may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts
 but no proceeds from the&#13;Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1
500


280
000. The deferred fees will be forfeited by the underwriters solely in the event that the Company fails to complete&#13;a Business Combination

 2019
 the Company entered&#13;into a sub-lease agreement providing the Company with office space. The sub-lease provides that the Company's occupancy begins&#13;January 2020 with monthly rental payments $19
000 commencing May 1
 2020. The sub-lease terminates on July 13


000
000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001. The Company's board of directors is authorized&#13;to fix the voting rights
 if any
 designations
 powers
 preferences
 the relative
 participating
 optional or other special rights&#13;and any qualifications
 limitations and restrictions thereof
 applicable to the shares of each series. The board of directors will&#13;be able to
 without shareholder approval
 issue preferred shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting&#13;power and other rights of the holders of the Ordinary Shares and could have anti-takeover effects. At December 31
 2019

000
000 Class A Shares
 with a par value of $0.0001 each
 and 20
000
000 Class B ordinary shares
 with&#13;a par value of $0.0001 each (the Class B Shares and
 together with the Class A Shares
 the Ordinary Shares).&#13;Holders of the Ordinary Shares are entitled to one vote for each Ordinary Share; provided that only holders of the Class B Shares&#13;have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. The Class B Shares will automatically convert&#13;into Class A Shares at the time of the Business Combination
 on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment for share splits
 share&#13;dividends
 rights issuances
 subdivisions
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like
 and subject to further adjustment as&#13;provided herein. In the case that additional Class A Shares
 or equity-linked securities
 are issued or deemed issued in excess&#13;of the amounts sold in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of the Business Combination
 the ratio at which the&#13;Class B Shares shall convert into Class A Shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B&#13;Shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of&#13;Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal
 in the aggregate
 20% of the sum of all Ordinary Shares&#13;outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all Class A Shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed&#13;issued in connection with the Business Combination
 excluding any Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities issued
 or to be&#13;issued
 to any seller in the Business Combination
 any Private Placement-equivalent Warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates&#13;upon conversion of loans made to the Company. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B Shares into an&#13;equal number of Class A Shares
 subject to adjustment as provided above

 2019
 there were 1
497
643&#13;Class A Shares issued and outstanding
 excluding 28
502
357 Class A Shares subject to possible redemption. At December 31
 2019
&#13;there were 7
500

 2019
 an aggregate of 2
875
000 Class B Shares (the Founder Shares) were sold to the Sponsor for an aggregate&#13;purchase price of $25
000. On April 4
 2019
 the Company effected a share capitalization in the form of a share dividend of 2.5&#13;shares for each Founder Share in issue
 and on April 25
 2019
 the Company effected a share capitalization in the form of a share&#13;dividend of 1.044 shares for each Founder Share in issue
 resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of 7
503
750 Founder Shares.&#13;All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share dividends. The 7
503
750 Founder Shares included&#13;an aggregate of up to 978
750 Founder Shares that were subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in&#13;full by the underwriters in order to maintain the Initial Shareholder's ownership at 20% of the issued and outstanding Ordinary&#13;Shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriters' election to partially exercise their&#13;over-allotment option
 3
750 Founder Shares were forfeited and 975

 except that the Founder Shares (i) have the voting rights&#13;described above
 (ii) are subject to certain transfer restrictions described below and (iii) are convertible into Class A Shares&#13;on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions contained therein
 (iv) certain registration&#13;rights. The Founder Shares may not be transferred
 assigned or sold until the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of the&#13;Business Combination and (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation
 merger
 share exchange
 reorganization or&#13;other similar transaction after the Business Combination that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange&#13;their Class A Shares for cash
 securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if the last sale price of the Class&#13;A Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 rights issuances
 subdivisions
 reorganizations
&#13;recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 -trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the&#13;Business Combination


 other than as disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements


 2019
 as amended February 12
 2020 (the Agreement)
 with Flavors Holdings Inc. (Flavors&#13;Holdings)
 MW Holdings I LLC (MW Holdings I)
 MW Holdings III LLC (MW Holdings III) and Mafco&#13;Foreign Holdings
 Inc. (together with Flavors Holdings
 MW Holdings I and MW Holdings III
 the Sellers)
 in connection&#13;with the proposed purchase of all of the outstanding equity interests of Merisant Company (Merisant)
 Merisant Luxembourg&#13;(Merisant Luxembourg)
 Mafco Worldwide LLC (Mafco Worldwide)
 Mafco Shanghai LLC (Mafco Shanghai)
&#13;EVD Holdings LLC (EVD Holdings)
 and Mafco Deutschland GmbH (together with Merisant
 Merisant Luxembourg
 Mafco&#13;Worldwide
 Mafco Shanghai
 and EVD Holdings
 the Transferred Entities). Subject to the terms and conditions of the&#13;Agreement
 at the closing (the Closing) of the transactions contemplated thereunder (the Transactions)
&#13;the Sellers will sell
 convey
 assign
 transfer and deliver to the Company
 and the Company will purchase
 all of the issued and&#13;outstanding equity interests of the Transferred Entities and certain assets thereof
 and assume certain liabilities included in&#13;the Transferred Assets and Liabilities (as defined in the Agreement)
 in each instance
 free and clear of all liens (subject to&#13;certain exceptions set forth in the Agreement)
 in exchange
 subject to the limitations set forth below

 at the Closing
 the Sellers will receive (i) $450
000
000 in cash (the Base Cash&#13;Consideration)
 plus or minus the Adjustment Amount (as defined in the Agreement) (the Cash&#13;Consideration)
 and (ii) that number of Class A ordinary shares of the Company (Class A Ordinary Shares)&#13;equal to the quotient of (A) the sum of (x) 60
000
000 and (y) the amount
 if any
 by which the Base Cash Consideration is&#13;reduced by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Agreement
 divided by (B) the lowest per share price at which&#13;Class A Ordinary Shares are sold by the Company to any person from and after the date of the Agreement but prior to
 at or in&#13;connection with the Closing (the Ordinary Share Consideration). The Agreement further provides the Company with&#13;the option
 immediately prior to Closing
 subject to certain conditions set forth in the Agreement and after (a) giving&#13;effect to the Private Placement (described below)
 any additional equity financing
 and the Debt Financing (described below)&#13;and (b) taking into account all amounts held by the Company in trust
 to reduce the Base Cash Consideration by the amount of&#13;funds necessary (up to $55
000
000) for the Company to pay (i) the Cash Consideration
 (ii) any amounts paid in connection&#13;with the Warrant Amendment (described below)
 and (iii) the Transaction Costs (as defined in the Agreement) in exchange for a&#13;dollar-for-dollar increase in the Ordinary Shares Consideration.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; text-align: left&gt;In addition
 &lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;the&#13;Agreement contemplates that immediately following the Closing
 the Company's sponsor
 Act II Global LLC (the Sponsor)
&#13;will place 2
000
000 Class A Ordinary Shares (which will be converted at Closing from Class B ordinary shares of the Company currently&#13;held by the Sponsor) (the Escrowed Sponsor Shares) into escrow
 which will be held in escrow by the Company's&#13;transfer agent. The Escrowed Sponsor Shares will be released to the Sponsor upon the earliest to occur of (i) the volume weighted-average&#13;per-share trading price of Class A Ordinary Shares being at or above $20.00 per share for twenty (20) trading days in any thirty&#13;(30)-trading day continuous trading period during the Escrow Period
 (ii) a change in control of the Company

 2019
 in connection with entering into the Agreement
&#13;the Company entered into a commitment letter (the Commitment Letter) with TD Securities (USA) LLC (TDSL)
&#13;as left lead arranger and book runner
 The Toronto-Dominion Bank
 New York Branch (TDNY)
 and Toronto Dominion (Texas)&#13;LLC (TDTX) as administrative agent. Pursuant to the Commitment Letter
 TDSL agreed to arrange and TDNY committed&#13;to provide the Company with (i) a senior secured term loan facility in the aggregate amount of up to $185
000
000 (the Term&#13;Facility) and (ii) a senior secured revolving credit facility of up to $50
000
000 (the Revolving Facility,&#13;and together with the Term Facility
 the Credit Facilities). The proceeds of the Term Facility on the Closing Date&#13;(as defined in the Agreement) may be used (x) to fund the Transactions
 and (y) to pay the fees
 costs and expenses incurred in&#13;connection with the Transactions. Up to $5
000
000 of the proceeds of the Revolving Facility (which may be increased) may be used&#13;on the Closing Date for general corporate purposes and to backstop or replace letters of credit. The proceeds of the Revolving&#13;Facility after the Closing Date may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes
 including for capital expenditures.&#13;The availability of the borrowings under the Credit Facilities is subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions

 on February 12
&#13;2020
 the Company entered into subscription agreements with certain investors (collectively
 the Private Placement Investors)&#13;pursuant to which
 among other things
 such investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase
 and the Company agreed to issue and&#13;sell to such investors
 7
500
000 of the Company's Class A ordinary shares
 par value $0.0001 (the Ordinary Shares)
&#13;and warrants representing the right to purchase 2
631
750 Ordinary Shares (the Warrants) for gross proceeds of approximately&#13;$75
000
000 (the Private Placement). The Company granted certain customary registration rights to the Private Placement&#13;Investors. The Ordinary Shares and Warrants to be offered and sold in connection with the Private Placements have not been registered&#13;under the Securities Act
 in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D&#13;or Regulation S promulgated thereunder without any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Private Placement is&#13;contingent upon
 among other things
 the closing of the Transactions. The proceeds from the Private Placement will be used to fund&#13;a portion of the Aggregate Cash Obligations (as defined under the Agreement) for the Transactions. In connection with the above&#13;agreements
 the Company has agreed to put forth a proposal to the Company's public warrant holders to consider and vote upon&#13;an amendment (the Warrant Amendment) to the existing warrant agreement that governs all of the Company's outstanding&#13;warrants to provide that
 immediately prior to the Closing
 (i) each of the Company's outstanding warrants
 which currently&#13;entitle the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share
 will become exercisable&#13;for one-half of one share at an exercise price of $5.75 per one-half share ($11.50 per whole share) and (ii) each holder of a warrant&#13;will receive
 for each such warrant

 the&#13;Company
 the Sponsor
 and the Sellers entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement on December 19
 2019
 as amended on February&#13;12
 2020 (the Sponsor Support Agreement)
 pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to certain covenants and&#13;agreements related to the Transactions
 particularly with respect to taking supportive actions to consummate the Transactions&#13;and to designate two of the Sellers' directors to the board of directors of the Company
 to be effective at the&#13;Closing. In addition
 the Sponsor irrevocably waived its anti-dilution protections under the Company's Amended and&#13;Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association in connection with any new issuances of Ordinary Shares. In accordance with&#13;the terms of the Sponsor Support Agreement
 the Sponsor will forfeit (i) 3
000
000 Class B ordinary shares of the Company;&#13;and (ii) 6
750


 the Company is subject to various claims
&#13;lawsuits and other legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims
 lawsuits&#13;and other proceedings may involve highly complex issues that are subject to substantial uncertainties
 and could result in damages
&#13;fines
 penalties
 non-monetary sanctions or relief. However
 the Company's management does not consider any such claims
&#13;lawsuits or proceedings that are currently pending
 individually or in the aggregate
 to be material to the Company's business&#13;or likely to result in a material adverse effect on the Company's future operating results

    
    






502
357 shares subject to possible redemption at December 31


069
302 for the year ended December 31























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Inputs



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 28
502



      



 $0.0001 par value; 2
000
000 shares authorized







      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      

      






      







000
000 Units




000
000 Units
 net of underwriting discounts and offering expenses




750




750
000 Private Placement Warrants



      






      






      

      

      





      






      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      













      

      


      




















      

      


      










      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      





 Changes in Redemption Value


      




      

      



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Apr. 30
 2019
Dec. 31
 2019













385
645







614
355







220
000







280
000







355







000







005
831







000
001





















000







000
000



Ordinary shares
 par value































 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable
 and less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company's remaining shareholders and its Board of Directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Company's obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In the event of a liquidation
 the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive a full pro rata interest in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be approximately $10.00 per share
 plus any pro rata interest earned on the Trust Fund not previously released to the Company and less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 7) or the Private Placement Warrants
 which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by April 24
 2021.



















000
000







000
000














900
000







000
000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account)
 which have been invested in U.S. government securities
 within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the Investment Company Act)
 with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act
 as determined by the Company
 until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of the Business Combination or (ii) the Company's failure to consummate a Business Combination within the prescribed time.






























750
000



Sale of warrants
 shares



750
000


























































































































With respect to a business combination completed during the period
 this element provides a description of the business
 other than the name
 which may include the industry
 size
 products and other important information.



















































































































Costs incurred during the period
 such as those relating to general administration and policy maintenance that do not vary with and are not primarily related to the acquisition or renewal of insurance contracts.




























Cash paid for expenses incurred during underwriting activities (the process to review insurance applications
 evaluate risks
 accept or reject applications
 and determine the premiums to be charged) for insurance companies.




























Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











































750
000





750
000










 as described in the registration statement relating to the Initial Public Offering
 so long as they are held by the Sponsor or any of its permitted transferees and (iii) are (including the Class A shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) entitled to registration rights. Additionally
 the Sponsor has agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the Private Placement Warrants
 including the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants (except to certain permitted transferees)
 until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination.



































Amount of consideration received by subsidiary or equity investee in exchange for shares of stock issued or sold. Includes amount of cash received
 fair value of noncash assets received
 and fair value of liabilities assumed by the investor.




























Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.















































































































































































/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















932
144










254
861)





164)










714)





781





814)










000)





000
000)





038
000)








Proceeds from sale of Units
 net of underwriting discounts paid

780
000





750
000





000





178





178)





355)





440
645





005
831










005
831










145
870





946
910





280
000






















































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

















































































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.



















































































































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
























881






881)












254
861






164






283
025






932
144




Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted | shares

410
915














502
357 shares subject to possible redemption at December 31





069
302 for the year ended December 31





























































































Amount of operating interest income
 including
 but not limited to
 amortization and accretion of premiums and discounts on securities.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019









The
Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial
statements were issued. Based upon this review
 other than as disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements
the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019










the Company sold 30
000
000 Units
 inclusive of 3
900
000 Units sold to the underwriters upon the election to partially exercise
their over-allotment option
 at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A Share and one-half of one Warrant.
Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A Share at a price of $11.50 per share. The Warrants will become exercisable
on the later of 30 days after completion of the Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and will expire five years from the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company
may redeem the Warrants at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon 30 days' notice
 only in the event that the last sale price
of the Class A Shares is at least $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 rights issuances
 subdivisions
reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading
day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given. The Company will not redeem the Warrants unless a registration statement
under the Securities Act covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is effective and a current prospectus
relating to those shares is available throughout the 30 day redemption period
 unless the Warrants may be exercised on a cashless
basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If the Company redeems the Warrants as described
above
 management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise their Warrants to do so on a cashless basis;
provided that an exemption from registration is available. No Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective
registration statement covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to
such shares. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act
 holders will be
permitted to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis. However
 no Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis
and the Company will not be obligated to issue any Class A Shares to holders seeking to exercise their Warrants
 unless the issuance
of the Class A Shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder
or an exemption is available.


A shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination
at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by the Company's board of directors
 and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or
its affiliates
 without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates
 as applicable
 prior to
such issuance) (the newly issued price)
 the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 115% of the newly issued price.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







NOTE 7. PENDING ACQUISITION
AND RELATED AGREEMENTS




dated December 19
 2019
 as amended February 12
 2020 (the Agreement)
 with Flavors Holdings Inc. (Flavors
Holdings)
 MW Holdings I LLC (MW Holdings I)
 MW Holdings III LLC (MW Holdings III) and Mafco
Foreign Holdings
 Inc. (together with Flavors Holdings
 MW Holdings I and MW Holdings III
 the Sellers)
 in connection
with the proposed purchase of all of the outstanding equity interests of Merisant Company (Merisant)
 Merisant Luxembourg
(Merisant Luxembourg)
 Mafco Worldwide LLC (Mafco Worldwide)
 Mafco Shanghai LLC (Mafco Shanghai)
EVD Holdings LLC (EVD Holdings)
 and Mafco Deutschland GmbH (together with Merisant
 Merisant Luxembourg
 Mafco
Worldwide
 Mafco Shanghai
 and EVD Holdings
 the Transferred Entities). Subject to the terms and conditions of the
Agreement
 at the closing (the Closing) of the transactions contemplated thereunder (the Transactions)
the Sellers will sell
 convey
 assign
 transfer and deliver to the Company
 and the Company will purchase
 all of the issued and
outstanding equity interests of the Transferred Entities and certain assets thereof
 and assume certain liabilities included in
the Transferred Assets and Liabilities (as defined in the Agreement)
 in each instance
 free and clear of all liens (subject to
certain exceptions set forth in the Agreement)
 in exchange
 subject to the limitations set forth below
 for the Cash Consideration
and the Ordinary Shares Consideration (as defined below).



set forth in the Agreement
 at the Closing
 the Sellers will receive (i) $450
000
000 in cash (the Base Cash
Consideration)
 plus or minus the Adjustment Amount (as defined in the Agreement) (the Cash
Consideration)
 and (ii) that number of Class A ordinary shares of the Company (Class A Ordinary Shares)
equal to the quotient of (A) the sum of (x) 60
000
000 and (y) the amount
 if any
 by which the Base Cash Consideration is
reduced by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Agreement
 divided by (B) the lowest per share price at which
Class A Ordinary Shares are sold by the Company to any person from and after the date of the Agreement but prior to
 at or in
connection with the Closing (the Ordinary Share Consideration). The Agreement further provides the Company with
the option
 immediately prior to Closing
 subject to certain conditions set forth in the Agreement and after (a) giving
effect to the Private Placement (described below)
 any additional equity financing
 and the Debt Financing (described below)
and (b) taking into account all amounts held by the Company in trust
 to reduce the Base Cash Consideration by the amount of
funds necessary (up to $55
000
000) for the Company to pay (i) the Cash Consideration
 (ii) any amounts paid in connection
with the Warrant Amendment (described below)
 and (iii) the Transaction Costs (as defined in the Agreement) in exchange for a
dollar-for-dollar increase in the Ordinary Shares Consideration.



Agreement contemplates that immediately following the Closing
 the Company's sponsor
 Act II Global LLC (the Sponsor)
will place 2
000
000 Class A Ordinary Shares (which will be converted at Closing from Class B ordinary shares of the Company currently
held by the Sponsor) (the Escrowed Sponsor Shares) into escrow
 which will be held in escrow by the Company's
transfer agent. The Escrowed Sponsor Shares will be released to the Sponsor upon the earliest to occur of (i) the volume weighted-average
per-share trading price of Class A Ordinary Shares being at or above $20.00 per share for twenty (20) trading days in any thirty
(30)-trading day continuous trading period during the Escrow Period
 (ii) a change in control of the Company
 and (iii) 5-year
anniversary of the Closing.






 2019
 in connection with entering into the Agreement
the Company entered into a commitment letter (the Commitment Letter) with TD Securities (USA) LLC (TDSL)
as left lead arranger and book runner
 The Toronto-Dominion Bank
 New York Branch (TDNY)
 and Toronto Dominion (Texas)
LLC (TDTX) as administrative agent. Pursuant to the Commitment Letter
 TDSL agreed to arrange and TDNY committed
to provide the Company with (i) a senior secured term loan facility in the aggregate amount of up to $185
000
000 (the Term
Facility) and (ii) a senior secured revolving credit facility of up to $50
000
000 (the Revolving Facility,
and together with the Term Facility
 the Credit Facilities). The proceeds of the Term Facility on the Closing Date
(as defined in the Agreement) may be used (x) to fund the Transactions
 and (y) to pay the fees
 costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the Transactions. Up to $5
000
000 of the proceeds of the Revolving Facility (which may be increased) may be used
on the Closing Date for general corporate purposes and to backstop or replace letters of credit. The proceeds of the Revolving
Facility after the Closing Date may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes
 including for capital expenditures.
The availability of the borrowings under the Credit Facilities is subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions
including the consummation of the Transactions.




 on February 12
2020
 the Company entered into subscription agreements with certain investors (collectively
 the Private Placement Investors)
pursuant to which
 among other things
 such investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase
 and the Company agreed to issue and
sell to such investors
 7
500
000 of the Company's Class A ordinary shares
 par value $0.0001 (the Ordinary Shares)
and warrants representing the right to purchase 2
631
750 Ordinary Shares (the Warrants) for gross proceeds of approximately
$75
000
000 (the Private Placement). The Company granted certain customary registration rights to the Private Placement
Investors. The Ordinary Shares and Warrants to be offered and sold in connection with the Private Placements have not been registered
under the Securities Act
 in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D
or Regulation S promulgated thereunder without any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Private Placement is
contingent upon
 among other things
 the closing of the Transactions. The proceeds from the Private Placement will be used to fund
a portion of the Aggregate Cash Obligations (as defined under the Agreement) for the Transactions. In connection with the above
agreements
 the Company has agreed to put forth a proposal to the Company's public warrant holders to consider and vote upon
an amendment (the Warrant Amendment) to the existing warrant agreement that governs all of the Company's outstanding
warrants to provide that
 immediately prior to the Closing
 (i) each of the Company's outstanding warrants
 which currently
entitle the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share
 will become exercisable
for one-half of one share at an exercise price of $5.75 per one-half share ($11.50 per whole share) and (ii) each holder of a warrant
will receive
 for each such warrant
 a cash payment of $0.75 (although the holders of the Private Placement warrants have waived
their rights to receive such payment).




 the
Company
 the Sponsor
 and the Sellers entered into a Sponsor Support Agreement on December 19
 2019
 as amended on February
12
 2020 (the Sponsor Support Agreement)
 pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to certain covenants and
agreements related to the Transactions
 particularly with respect to taking supportive actions to consummate the Transactions
and to designate two of the Sellers' directors to the board of directors of the Company
 to be effective at the
Closing. In addition
 the Sponsor irrevocably waived its anti-dilution protections under the Company's Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association in connection with any new issuances of Ordinary Shares. In accordance with
the terms of the Sponsor Support Agreement
 the Sponsor will forfeit (i) 3
000
000 Class B ordinary shares of the Company;
and (ii) 6
750
000 warrants to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares at a price of $11.50 per share (the Founder
Warrants) immediately following the Closing; and the Sponsor has waived any rights that it might otherwise have to
receive any cash payment with respect to its Founder Warrants.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Fair Value Measurements Recurring [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]






283
025







































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2019
Mar. 27
 2020
Jun. 28
 2019

















































  2019







































































































500
000







































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



000
000














Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



500
000



































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















502
357





069
302










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on August 16
 2018. The Company was incorporated for
the purpose of effecting a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 share purchase
 reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses (a Business Combination). The Company is an emerging growth company, as
defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the Securities Act)
 as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act).


industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company
and
 as such
 the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.


 2019 (commencement
of operations) through December 31
 2019 relates to the Company's formation
 the initial public offering (Initial
Public Offering)
 which is described below
 the Company's search for a target business with which to complete a Business
Combination and activities in connection with the pending acquisition (see Note 7).


Initial Public Offering were declared effective on April 25
 2019. On April 30
 2019
 the Company consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 30
000
000 units
 inclusive of 3
900
000 units sold to the underwriters upon the election to partially exercise their
over-allotment option (the Units and
 with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units sold
 the public
shares) at $10.00 per Unit
 generating gross proceeds of $300
000
000
 which is described in Note 3. Each Unit consists
of one of the Company's Class A ordinary shares
 par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Shares)
 and one-half
of one warrant (the Warrants). Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A Share.


Initial Public Offering
 the Company consummated the sale of 6
750
000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants)
at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Act II Global Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor)
generating gross proceeds of $6
750
000
 which is described in Note 4.


614
355
 consisting of $5
220
000
of underwriting fees
 $11
280
000 of deferred underwriting fees and $114
355 of other offering costs. The underwriters reimbursed
the Company $470
000 at the closing of the Initial Public Offering for certain offering expenses
 of which such amount was offset
against other offering expenses and recorded as a credit to additional paid in capital. In addition
 at December 31
 2019
 $1
005
831
of cash was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for working capital purposes.


Offering on April 30
 2019
 an amount of $300
000
000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial
Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account)
which have been invested in U.S. government securities
 within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act of 1940
 as amended (the Investment Company Act)
 with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act
 as determined
by the Company
 until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of the Business Combination or (ii) the Company's failure to consummate
a Business Combination within the prescribed time.


with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants
 although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Placing funds in the Trust
Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although the Company will seek to have all vendors
service providers
 prospective target businesses or other entities it engages execute agreements with the Company waiving any
claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
 there is no guarantee that such persons will execute such agreements.
The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company under certain circumstances if and to the extent any claims by such
persons reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account below a specified threshold. The Company has not independently verified
whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations. Therefore
 the Sponsor may not be able to satisfy
those obligations should they arise. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business
legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses as well as any
taxes.


the public shares (the Public Shareholders) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares
upon the completion of the Business Combination
 either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business
Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer
 in either case at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination
 including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing
if the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules
 a Public Shareholder
 together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such
shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934
 as amended (the Exchange Act)
 will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15% of the public shares. In connection with any shareholder vote required to approve any Business Combination
 the Sponsor
and any other shareholder of the Company prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (collectively with the Sponsor
the Initial Shareholders) and the Company's directors and officers will agree (i) to vote any of their respective
Ordinary Shares (as defined below) in favor of the initial Business Combination and (ii) not to redeem any of their Ordinary Shares
in connection therewith.


Combination only if it has net tangible assets of at least $5
000
001 upon consummation of the Business Combination and
 in the
case of a shareholder vote
 a majority of the outstanding Ordinary Shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.


Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80%
of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred commissions (as defined below) and taxes payable on interest earned) at
the time of the Company signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Business Combination.


Combination by April 30
 2021
 the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable
in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable
 and less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right
to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company's remaining shareholders and its Board of Directors
 dissolve
and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Company's obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. In the event of a liquidation
 the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive
a full pro rata interest in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be approximately $10.00 per share
 plus any pro rata interest
earned on the Trust Fund not previously released to the Company and less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses).
There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 7) or the
Private Placement Warrants
 which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by April 24
 2021.



































The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES




presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.




emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is
 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act
provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non
-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period
 which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies
 the Company
 as an emerging growth company
 can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt
the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company's financial statements with another public company
which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company
 which has opted out of using the extended transition
period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.




in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses
during the reporting period.


exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition
 situation or
set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate
could change in the near term due to one or more future events. Accordingly
 the actual results could differ significantly from
those estimates.




with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents
as of December 31
 2019.

Marketable securities held in Trust
Account


 2019
 the assets held in
the Trust Account were substantially held in U.S. Treasury Bills.

Ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption


subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 480
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability
instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption
rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely
within the Company's control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times
 ordinary shares are classified as shareholders'
equity. The Company's ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company's
control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly
 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented
at redemption value as temporary equity
 outside of the shareholders' equity section of the Company's balance sheet.




ASC 740
 Income Taxes (ASC 740). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the
expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation
allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.


uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise's financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and
measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing
authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense.
There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31
 2019. The Company
is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals or material deviation from
its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.


Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United
States. As such
 the Company's tax provision was zero for the period presented.





by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. The Company applies the two-class
method in calculating earnings per share. Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31
 2019
 which are not currently
redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value
 have been excluded from the calculation of basic net loss per ordinary share since
such shares
 if redeemed
 only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered
the effect of warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement to purchase 21
750
000 ordinary shares in
the calculation of diluted loss per share
 since the exercise of the warrants into ordinary shares is contingent upon the occurrence
of future events. As a result
 diluted net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss per ordinary share for the periods
presented.

Reconciliation of net loss per ordinary
share


for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
 as these shares only participate
in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company. Accordingly
 basic and diluted loss per ordinary
share is calculated as follows:



    



    
    

    
3
932
144

    
(4
069
302

    
(137
158

    
    


 basic and diluted
8
410
915

    
    

    
    





subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution which
 at times may exceed
the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250
000. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes
the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.




which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820
 Fair Value Measurement
 approximates the carrying amounts recorded
in the accompanying financial statements
 primarily due to their short-term nature.




issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncements
 if currently adopted
 would have a material effect on the accompanying
financial statements.&#160;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019












fees of $11
280
000. The deferred fees will be forfeited by the underwriters solely in the event that the Company fails to complete
a Business Combination
 subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.





 2019
 the Company entered
into a sub-lease agreement providing the Company with office space. The sub-lease provides that the Company's occupancy begins
January 2020 with monthly rental payments $19
000 commencing May 1
 2020. The sub-lease terminates on July 13
 2021.



































The entire disclosure for significant arrangements with third parties
 which includes operating lease arrangements and arrangements in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services
 or has agreed to commit resources to supply goods or services
 and operating lease arrangements. Descriptions may include identification of the specific goods and services
 period of time covered
 minimum quantities and amounts
 and cancellation rights.







































  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

  
  















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019










 the Company is subject to various claims
lawsuits and other legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims
 lawsuits
and other proceedings may involve highly complex issues that are subject to substantial uncertainties
 and could result in damages
fines
 penalties
 non-monetary sanctions or relief. However
 the Company's management does not consider any such claims
lawsuits or proceedings that are currently pending
 individually or in the aggregate
 to be material to the Company's business
or likely to result in a material adverse effect on the Company's future operating results
 financial condition or cash flows.



































The entire disclosure for legal proceedings
 legal contingencies
 litigation
 regulatory and environmental matters and other contingencies.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019










    
    
December&#160;31


    
    
    

    
    
304
283
025







Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities by class
 including financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods after initial recognition (for example
 impaired assets). Disclosures may include
 but are not limited to: (a) the fair value measurements recorded and the reasons for the measurements and (b) the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are categorized in their entirety (levels 1
 2
 3).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















000
000










 only in the event that the last sale price of the Class A Shares is at least $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 rights issuances
 subdivisions
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given. The Company will not redeem the Warrants unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares is available throughout the 30 day redemption period
 unless the Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act.





 and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates
 without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates
 as applicable
 prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price)
 the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the newly issued price.















900
000


















































With respect to a business combination completed during the period
 this element provides a description of the business
 other than the name
 which may include the industry
 size
 products and other important information.




























Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.















































































































































































begin 644 0001213900-20-008013-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( !.%?E!;_[*:&T  ,BC @ 1    86-T=TR
#$Y
3(S
2YX
M;6SMO6E3(\NY(/Q](N8_U

^Q\1X?#_S4CHP
MSGB_ @D\'67F _?EK??\L/!J4/OJ!WXUT*^.5.F]5 W7+^*K]_#@/9Y:N]-M
M;W3UZXD:-X+\X3T\U2\&:;S9ZV[/6A^_H3_(T_:%[T_-!V
_'=#+\J &&'B2
MQ*%*:[^A)S4?17$4Y9-ZN$99\CZ[G:KW\%(;WE))

MU$ WC/

![XH3_\=QZD
M00;48Q@G4[COD_?ZUJ[H^X@X_#&EFW*JQAZA_\=+0@J\Z&U[S=/1BCS&I?ZZ


M .9F&@;#(&-@O5$ ;[(

MWX7M?3UP/_JQ?WJ5Q_[ICWWL
YB/1H'^:$3LT0]/_&!T&.WYTR#SPS\:-NR#
M')#=PLE/XPC^3(L8
7
3GAHY7CB?G0.G3E7F!Y$:[?M)!(I@^KJ0J7[U;UA4

].$-Q1X42CPE%3@
MQ[7J/.I%F4

M_BCW*A^DP2CPD]LS/U2U%H'ZS;G[3BW)
('6ZX\SCN!-=YB'+;QA^!N&OS3V
M-0=A/CPY?CUH:!;[1M+F(6EON/%'(@9W'O(?V1NWU/-?$E=Z?7[ &?Q(RTFC







MPW0#?KYN*_4S.U)?L\FZ!_]/J\:]=G?CS4WVK$P6CV-A)1;/[;'%M(UV=\N:
M4#J;FJ


M?IHGM


E!M_!350H(_%$O*=D)SF^GZGAL5N18







&F_U ?R6SC_GP3^*
MYU49JGD^W(H%9\






6IB:#/$E+W.^^6[:YS1LV8YX

M






&%E,^&@5(=7^!1*0KZY Q+ @VPF&@
M
W



D3UK2RUI+;=ND#A@Z4
M@BL672DB


MQHYP
J3\B


S'W.%RB/71F*.B%!#\04+]:$*Y U\


^(_0!O


HW%
M_\&X)SZMUHO#$2[1\X#[ZYYLA5(\HWJ(IP
W'+VRU6@@&!/'4.U+'R6A
4V6
-4BF.A54E+D
MG99P-41A0CK6V0&453\$;0I4)F<CC2@^%5(Y-:12GP??TFL?IB3A&RZH:-/$
M'0@6AD!F7'L8[M80J%,X#[A8_U&C0PFPQS/I T7)N.@UW&U07+[ ST%(XC@\
MRR=J=*3N;]%BSZ'CEELR8$WK=B*%UNFQ^/0OX=:Q#3%0@:*<H5AZ&4I G&
M6EVWPR#Z#BA@=1X1I\A
XB5^0&8NN([3&$E] [%SS&&L\+'45

M)8X!H?!@[(F6#U^\VUWO\?V*-1V0JT=@$++.-2I@./ U1R^!15W$\0CY% Q4
M%#J!G@UB/QDA+,XJ6$6)RA21D:2'/HLFQKT$ 0 Q

MJ)=DZ__X_8!5XJ-)HOC20U1+1@U)@TJSLLBFM33 Y!Q&U9^U

M

7[1L2:[QCNS77 W#.?MIAW
MH
7X(A*-R*<(R[NN&*V0$NDA4)X I7$$B!:'
M.1$AQ?XF4(O8GFRN5913LA8C:%2094K;Q' ZIDDZ;=$?%$HX-ZA) O8QC13^



6
M_*)

N1?HAW'O!0LN



MGYE.'T9IGJ!T@.EL
7.J$\#T()\L

SQ






.:0S!H=D)1'Q%DZC!#F
M@V-D&TTJ-B


M!
)3%K 93ZX;HA&[&I=5+M(Q#L73]V=#'



O[%8((N7


;R3G56QL.1NCYD'\Q2M.6=C8V=K0^;6_.E



M
8PJWJDMELY;!;UA1!1KBY.3=

1:QY% \XV**X;+3C4




L5G-8?GP%6OA.)HN 152HD
.C.E

32$]/.I^LE



0\P


X^S]!F]T1M

'GJYBY


M3L^6HWH(2#/%F[ZN!'

W$.4U_%VABJ1&?= '











DZ[ZDK!(%OS 83[:.
M)1['WU2R*'CP[GP\GC4X*XH

:)W+O6Y0H3
2!5KMO7S_]M#%/LRS)IP5<^C6
M8:I9$.E#-_QW

O9O=W-[9UYP'0FKH0DP5W'63X#V[V%4AB*&ME.B)G
MX6B;^K[@TVW-!COFV%6/R%+]&4ZOQS*-M\^U4
P3]C;DNCO/+%O
SQWW24E

MB

^^G]*__


RA.

M]4
JC^125]7
M#$*240:QT+^+IYGBQGN4410M)O1 JNFFV:/;@4Q#12PF@XYU5



WJD
.
M[+9?KMP/_IZWHWD

M@51#/[?-TFV[!7WH0^[B6D^?8#\+C'1NEE@I#96?KH/)'E6/72&.8WWB&E
0YUZE35\I^G
M2

M;FQL


K?UAAMUZ=;%+'I]9@KO=L)DH] JK13'4G%RM@E4D\W/:
MVUZX
H7@LM2(_U 6\-?
))P2X83$*15+32^!X+4))P-;%X)E)1:F $$#F -0

3;/A/(ODY?ULRH275E

Z_<!M<<N;-+/]6M=!MK



N#%A0+RSNJI8#[5^A^R0X?+
MAN?PWX1*];/ 2$PTC4
5WAKF+1-:FXE








LGMBWD6#1%Z.:

WRXX6CNIV1SXL3H PTY$OZ[T5AI'*Y[*$&EQ0C/\ ST&^^1$
MUD*'G12DCZ4 3/]






MX


=I



&HX
MX1_H!@S^C0&3^&=!N.X$U^'%=+P9O]*FPV(T:6]EA=X'MFXGY*PYL2F*$]





Q!C*2(^?349/L0Q$[
M4\T.).V-@F(E%E-RMP-0;N % SYS#


ST'*\MQ:N94
MT\6F
B%V-;40BGC3




M52.5RD&12

M&=JME;56

(S T[U]EW<:9Q&CD5ALTDZY95=6&E[H1LQS_SJ5$[;ND!LK3$Z?@
M3PWHUT 7*'!^Q)2F$OLJ5HK&U8MT7A!DZFT+(MO.M_
VF2
C\6(5/1/:EIJ
ME9Y(




%B13%89ZT;






MZ

ICK7&/!G

7+-YDEP' NUZD*X&G:# B

M.);


SJR:H7O!NA :'?5\9(8I#V%OVZHV1%0KW?;YC+)




-IS/%#LFV5D


8%X

?


MTQV:C^2)8
=F
HW 8E#GJY&2C*6$U3M\8:Q0RAZ2@H6/=4=;U)60PC2J=.[(




M RPMQURL1\O!?Y9T^\)I.\NNV$'
QG*.7?WF)FJ

MC0W65F03#:&.P)LB66X^J #2:\S+'U&.)2O7+A)=O(H0@/$ULPQ\ T4%PJ


M5+JFV=
NK@9?KULE31$(CN!<#(:#?J6)
MGJB_#8=JEC( []/;QHV


0.?-%-9
MH_Y*ZE107

=4
MJ*UCATY+O/^I*VSH(IUY5M*XA=H9FF:M%04#!=7:

M
XF PG$(@+)6)8B#/VOW*B&:JXOF&2##?Y1XHJ76'




0O%9V[SC8PD10CBO[U]OQ; 



I&RO/8LY4#*/I-S%JS_=6



MSHU@







3-U#B[!54?N%=





MH+J5C

37
M6*EA'EL=IU]=HM)
!D**]4JX.6
EQT:W

S#S1T+LL8<UJL.WF*\13+^PL?#JCK
M7E]O:V4!F )#75^1]N(V7\%F8AD7UFE5<H6O81W8W47W8@7%?F2K8@;AK+4






';F



MJL;*@VG&QFJPVWZ=DF_$WL8.4R/N&


6?K$YMA1

MP46


?5
M9'C=RLZ+VBX&J! _KT3AN:8EMMZ58J1A/]S2%^0X9H.=*3@'H!@ Z&28@['M
MTWBYBWM

B



W

.C#AG9PZ&//Z]@/5&/0.T$4EIY^I
':_W
M&[(U7AUF&[MKI[<Z6%OM&L.KSBV2-#*6@1KS3=B<RA6[77LFL3+!?&P\0)5]
MKP*4!YSI/9*D P.DF JT2HZPM1



9V0AJMP/_MZ8D1K&P'T.4O*/3_SO

?Z$/$T8N*
@@!Y
MJI7E&I36@194SS] #T




G][KQV' +
M:D9)0B7^ Y'YR@^)



T7O!N7%%W

](Y3OM%Y0O5!;[U/
M01B^GN!:@Y3'I41XQU57\.Y9E\GK)LNBYJ6F8T\IX9Z%GNHFNCZGAB[DA0Y!
M5IL\
0IL[G)V[\ID3=]''C!]_<61TLK[M4]?K
M]15OQL%/<,(L3FY=H-%*)9U IW-:BH;BQ*39DEN6W8W%M]=]TS3.KJ0'(3




+


_22B+ZYI=(GJ;;


MIF):

M=33 QL\DP@OIB$\I0[ 9@[8_(E


9YSCW[FV@G\C


MY[I3[*

VL(BC0S-F8-%5/=6LB:+!CN0EG839V.W=0WY]IG

[QMXBH' QR!@).Y60OPF&X?
P





7.QD9

R6=
MU-5WGA^X%[!1

MH?_%2U

MI.PMTUW=#*\RQCPQN&A+#;[D_NS::UI.P29U(X4R30TJLQH6=%'D']J=KCDA

L



]_G





#N
M9UK:4-W:1O*6*/-$[&H4:S$N3!]D7$Z&7E4$8L
DC%DMW.0Z$ ]!9L*+S
M9RYRA;&SAY&N*+\7\?&SAX]=@74NR8PRB$)T!P_
B8]- I2L51K_W-RH 8J


M-_3F[0LM O86K/X6K/X6K/X6K/X6K/X6K/X6K/X6K/XRZ=);L'HI2- *ITUB

%'

/*?7XMQ]R3BKH=QM_=7(





M[G&P[I4:[NE61JDTCR\NDR I-GS.Q
6)@J'00YS=EI
NM=8R58QGMG6U_91!

M

(
H8\I*NWQQ/W2T)J=4TP]F- ,O\^A;1K8W!Q+QQ84




<'],[ D\
MUV6 ()XW');.HL8HM
RQ]QS.L6$CE3[/RK;@L(3@8'-EGF4%NTT]B]S*DZ;

H#
M?K7R.11!%J'



&@FI8J&L&/0J 1(WUF

E)(N4.(F-U








79A&L;L]:7NT!

%I*!*F20UKJ[/*:D9:\.XNJLUIY7BA43:
M%GI4,G&KD7,EU5KO0D*)LBG:PUG5H./Q..P''&
AX#KHK!.?YQ);'V%#A 4


';FI:!*6?'%&+R8E^IY26%A


ZP)[H


^2.&@@%#L4[^
A[J8JZ&D^!@9QZ)
I

M_M&YM_^WFM Q'/YI;? EETJOX[A4[K_P(E=^^E4]? GGFG=K18'K?B@RS0K2
:7&]HJZ1XC
 ^]K7=ZKILZ&\XP;H*A
MDSG$
':(;7
OXX^FY3;
M_N^G^_MU :HS[^
?6FJWD2O:C/'*HU&=ZA53REJAX#=CY#&Q;ZP_$(DP%C^T


9D-Q#9PQP97U8RY&(5

M1#E'2?2M$-\G3\/LVZ0I7N


%$; GO%&48H=24_+,:9-Z!_KTZE'[JX
U+ _)
MKD8\55W%'F/LM'M051& [/]PNUOL&T34G8GD\CD/J:.1. $9CEVE*1[LJA31




MD:9=R5C


;2!USH9G7@1=D


MS-A/;':K]X5^QU@XG.S\
T!L?
VKW\Y 06!3U?GGLR^:'X \@)N$CE
@ZRAA


M_*-_:%5(/O+
1ZOGZL9/6;;3X)S_#]HRTTHE

M.A@  $8V+[
I@R)P5^1M(ML^2
[Q;/*K& S/V;#+(03:^.5^K'-HM%CP64=:SI8XI78
E9Y!


H1CKV3?J6T7Y!^P

M:N]QN1AH 4



E!. ^ICYU]6J*\9P5:Q1J:;'U
M]]'UKM8QHB*7-X&)U4FU^2(7TP7*57PSRI4'^T:()4/E
1=D)).Q*[W98W0$
M.&WY+
+80#_)8

MD1V2

MGHQ/.@@ZMLJAJ@SKV%9
G2EXZSJV\@GM]D].01&!KJ:


K+*D84& -I(:J@


JGBB'(F?@?.PJ:2ZKZZ?$8I:5V
M9Z/=V_ZG3/M/_IX82?\K5\K@$P!?Z
+LXW4



M999-/[Y_?WU]O7XS2
+U.+EXW^MT-M[CX_?XXHH

&:A'T*@/G;)$YAYM)+]'%X# 4?O;V<IO^U3?B.RUI?HXMMQ1

M !$   !A8W1T+3(P
3DQ
C

QR
NE9/_[PES];\'?V

M]?[@$%G]?@UC/V/J
/[E?A(;6TFY/AT
GI^?#RA[0L^
/XH#F]4S-V
^MW%L

R.6BSU


?J/CA1-2APY
5U
MUVI]!R(B8*2BS$S'NTHZ$G
66UB)P8X) Q
E':6.H)FC]XTYZGJ/F;/IXG*%
1$&Q]L+ Y6:L
MF+;X$E'RAW8;=CH7OB 4Y%?@#34,1-WHO9$1-@N$S['ZDMB74]V*?MZSQ35
MTU5AW*]SS$7Z:+&5E2V(3;#:LMLU\V&72Y1USB4UPU
7JR1JY&PWSW(56


3
M?2LPT$6[P2YXE]UPO5WQX2MVQ=9WT:?ND+ )FP]H[C;C
M0P
UG83C=A
JBA
MX]$PWZ=I

FQL$S*S4CC.J+Y)
MZ.BIOE/(
F\)XBW
M=E7FF7ZVXGAQWE.Y@OTH%^@W@':P\=Q(1)DVY+)I%O/1"N.3!N%ZP4<NW

MZB


[LYLK






%



DF4Z
$JUMGQ/8($&$I%J^JFN;6\0?L5ZL
M):O59$%72[:MDTS%JF;+HJ?-Y.DNH]^P_99C9?HKS'0VJA\\C!? GF@]Q7

EM.]3D+'CZ'L^Y#Y@[JGE@_JM'/U(S+#Z





D=4&I^3,AY<'84;EU
M0:@\-BS!7$^V=1 _,PE,L&M8<5,;_$]^2C\/L(YDZ^5'9F6D+=5K'7 JI)Y

#$Y
3(S
5]C86PN


]W[^YU__@N#GTP_]/KJ@Q'./


M?1@.#X;PLQ'_Y%'V_5C]




M*SO/B'0$7:L/(+K%$C/Z1QC@

M:(?

M$PN:[HQEF%] 

O.QHGFF;3SK'F!J0@G15\(EH'0

M/6MN\=Q[*V1I79WV3CT8&J)VU'YGQ

2
*/4;-QI(FRES IDM^3)#S2F
M4UOH[+3^U21



E4NMX



+8! 7L!2%1E!2X6$G59E.AQ4NUS'?TM_\;GSO7+
ML2 M%K0U.^G8N#RTJV:J6-C8=\N=WY^UE$&U;J(4HN=G.EPDF]INH]K$U(&
MTCHV)JX;+G9A;P;3UBD[Q6OJO^ZC%$Q)R@1

M)Q


AR

)LB7UV[M1+S*Z3CLMW5'1L!+FIT$6

M4'T

M]


M+Z(

:C9DV^BX_\)LGDN:4A0]FA(83*RK7KY7ZE
MZ9S
MZRJU]22XY)C)RPHE%HRX5ZS(P)+#)GJBIE=TVU.FC]'27@D#!T26)&=D\WO*
MHI/7\3F;J%R=

MP_\FTLN=9%W7+T$_90\PF&U7&!;J




M=VA_Z:7B*=/'6=
C
920Z]#HVAO&4\;O9XV/Q%$HC](*.D11= EYRO#K.$I
MB2Z#I-GMXRD0A[G0V2A#6WA:!6SDE38Y6E=R9M]#XW,%EQY*SZ!O,4@I^R
M)3LYC^20FGI#NTOO=P\9?J'K.FA&$K)=9K@2FX\3QF=R]NO8BB6LRXK5V;G

XI-+DZIGQ*8@A6Q87O*22YXB8A:JN6EWV
MGD2UGZMO]<MID;(VKOA4P#SM4SY]T:
X-&Z-CX%2;]X20.*E@;5/^J_@X5W
M_@102P

7W\ 2$F4B 9 B2) #_-A1I;08'?_\&AT-YH__N-Y%CJ/
MB

LB0C/V#!4Y<V02'Z Z-'?9_.IR63Z5#( @F

)G3034[8LV/*+KI#$5)+_*OHB1(7AC49

MC3\?L %UN!I.L?]7'=KD94ZG5QS


M??%YB6*/!'/V QW=9.)&P1]\@-





GW0X
M0[


M%2\ACI'_^2 AJ4!D$RA=AX]J(Z'?:^]YX#G7%6)JD5.^'NK
)J'0( )TA6



*
MOD4DP+YTB N;MD+E98XAW9^9T'TV_S(FK^EW(D]%09I2\U9@(.8:PN&].1S8
M.JB-PK)QBS!8YQEX$/SMN2_4!C^,\)/T1Y
8Z0WX_C5'B66EIH (G5:*@Y


MK0

MU@($-KD%%6[@M
Q

^RR5BU0]P:SH+8-G(/[48((2]U[1)=NXN;G
M%9GFQ10M0$'.(B(@=-QG^=,XNP:$A?O@MUO(739]*418EA*_!1\0_&SPJR

^9K#(P=G*O&\]D;5%:<9%E<$4S
MT8OCE$2]T8L^]




=%Q3N(

?

Y97 L.X?9_6H[RC
M:. @
.QDV
):L8 ]:#
M [ ,QD7-IARH/(W;.UNM!TI+ !V@O?!GLQV\?L*U]+<W^JEN3M_7^OKO[NT

MYSZJ6T1X
01=GRA$;_UYJ((8$)!F5[AU ;(*%KTTF6(2_(%$I82$@F_2M0PW

M:1!;#YVN#!!\9F/FI2)

(S.*L
M6!<]@G)B7]VMXZMQ[L.^: A\=&6R-92&_%@/)BCK/[42B-K8:UW8%AKU8N#






MG47'II+=T]G





M)22&KA0H5*X$R/(+!75B9/7%@GIPM/E: 6
Z\ -JZ@W=$.G=KX9)[%\)I;):
MEY&[8O.;.Z





MHD' &O;H-G%?OVED:P5LFZO]
KQ-6^N-7.U__8B+)+8TZL8XO26!)TO=6;9Y

MSO+@*4(DG@;S/EU1Z'[

PI$]U=D._#D(*&(KI;^D

M('$/6/8U/1


<7;NCH%.6?YF!+7JJYLH7H3OZ$1E4@O@A1;E4

D27



MNH



)+![ U/(:=L9
MF8^P
2)Q+_*S^I-!-!F
!5+$]Y276/R3:IVL]REFMD05L'B/$ENZ=;9O\-B\
M'9L;8




L+3^\N-&F9
MLH7LVVEX]SR/I*CX1JF+E!#F+XC\;SCRLC_@*:)'WS+\JLL&@6M-^@1+8 V2




M&G)4J30&*W9O[JA]Z=9*%].N^F_4D72;$F_JQD@O@ *T;CK?03UTL1;/#2TA



M1]E7\1 EU]0XG?8+)P


5(K^$L%!:_:FBIK


B%HPJHZY_D:O
(V
ME 


M;2A%I\I
5,J$LKR-?G+R_+CSP$BE,/IRPT]AH7:.ZJ4OC6;JH86;(O7D=@
M68YMUF1)-\;W6AVD-*:J2E&MV'CW#7=+-N
]#XE6[
S]:)XF
9?[1'M#+A-9

M
#$Y
3(S




%WB-

];PM(\VFQCHI]]I#AM1Q,G&6OJ?[K!-^3$0_I#WU'?^CMG^D/_:'\
M^JXP_$K14)Y7]^J[35JGTVC78&YQ%:3A-]D/=U_8$G[P[67% !]KZSKMP

M_E*0:1*'%4C:A

;&5X'J7$ZU5*9K-M<1KS)\_5UUFZL8)1/KC40OC7
M^*YNGS]I D'1D8Y8AG/FP P:Z'9O;)]JB7 3$PWJ$.+D]//RU;\Q,92N$1-$
MOU#1__^WUTW3_@AUGFXV:<( 3C[AS1W.%'V6;JDD!IHFSNB%!C2**')V3)!


F[3P!!JM5KO-+J8+5W2!U]$J*F#P9[F[RZ
P
M(A/U


MXB7.'J
5SB?W&59[*$




ERXA2\T(JYHP1&I U%R0R
%B@!B;$
M(;DDXJ+ )IG+(

N







-



/!4$

MGI&_&HM_M 2]L$

M7_H

M*\[JD1?GA*



M#E





4*&
M2\$()HHJ68^
F'YA5;;8:7Z^
%-V3R;JEAMJL%VB'* 6*($IZ#*] MJ%,K%
MLT\3\D \:GI31)HYY2ND&

=\5[(9=


MTJR$$1?T./ZSI


%3QC2;?GZ2XI

MUE)ED5R



@ZK7


;$^6ZX(


J(HW]W]



L;G#'H5FL?M;*_


M&U#IST[%*[

3AOH&G\#0-H2#9RWQCNTY.E.M^DG@HW^U/.BSF5:XJ*(^9V[


T+R9)56%DOL6T

MM4

O5$P;%(CD_TG[ATR2 8
M!&IJVRSKTC:?DPP'

MT@1M7EJ5(V:.K]
D[7H*I9^I\T@U2LY=?F
'!*=?J0'
@;/!JIMB8;#L&A=&

6P 60V30^H0@


PR9D



MWI2@FAW$WO

M1[D%]6B
+-^RX93L* +@I*0C%J1L:4%GI0CU

A/6.2
?-$I'!U&.=L6Y04CTO4:



M!%YVA8]$'-
C5X)\(?D598&
^7J/2\*L=-WNLPSH3O?]ME $8UJ'H!5?G5)
M%#(#MK6K@O$CEDI1K4B&







BT0
[UJL;;:GMW5;M#5F^EYCW)L
\QV4P
R0^EZ:2=!8',D.O0
MCUH4BE]I!U/8U2K%4%C*P;!]53]NT\GJ]UV48<YD]IGB)=*K.+TGV0)\YY)D
MC3P4=@W *@84*PFZ<\HF7YCQ)'LS?+ =ASK!'C:QO@A?48W;ZM&]73Z0GS%



AYR3QZOY



M6_*4/[ORX2\IUGV3-XIH5SD($68E]4,@RZ-'9^B,WP?)?0H7_.@0-83V88





:[3V4_




MK
I
66GX)8[4(%F( Z:.R?3


M]N)F




%FA#(:!0Q$+FY\_3!;3'^97%]/%\H]H2@S:
M[<\P^'D91!D[\M-TQA10U*NX9*$-^#;Q=/)@N&8!LD\OJH*83FOAB]X*.N9

MAX=
=+/4=4F[0=UIT\]*$0P-AZ#MT_%J^I%N[R_FY]
I73


S6
M1LD[HX8B%<)NI2JZ9[IHQ95A&+C/.9ZOIWD1;8)6=RL+^328
D!M@U35\([








:53JL




KG:V
M[Y[MMI#0 !BF[X-:".7T\-3D)&9!4H&GG:?Y$#*AL!P%A#!ZVWP%X<9_6P

ZZ#
][!K 0QY]X)M\
^/
MX32H TY17F31'4WU*S
!KU+2G9BU@L/;E-Y)$JVB;4!CL
TQ;)8FJ(BJ'-:D

M-H]!%+
)
M.54- SJ_H2C^P=Z < CSH)[?+W;W.%LOF;^%HURTF


MI^F[(-Z=![-N3


MNKLD2@NUN0M**N:=




M1CQ-2P




#

G?&U$*-3Q

MXN*2@IHE#;MECV%X&\XHMV_W:A8.;0 &


M$
MU9,A;YF%&NA1&_Q^=4</W+O%3X98O5=<%/3H2(%:O4_\;G H
MH](J^60U-WY%S ^
K16@]0J8'6TK9:




MU C90!U^C:27
1K'@P




PT@5$_XRFI42=_\Y22P






.



T(*0'U'P:[=

MS'U_VD+QE)XRCJ





MD2SKKE&7.B!*[-2;SDC*Y $-D15
I9$D \344*6'F(L*WE9)8SM924EVH&
2T2V<-62P-Z


MHGA7R&\IV*\E0(-Y8 ?Z0UTUA\KV4'.HLWRW6XV6&Y'


1/&;__GO?_\WA_WSXW\<'#B7 0G]C\YY[!U<1=/X!^?&79/SL\D(M1-

Y^(9$?T\^W5ZO.YFFZ_'AX
M^/3T]#:*']VGF'Y)WGHQK+N[.*



@

MWG7LN:FP*.UG'&D+_G\'9;
#_JN#XY

MAFL0S

\:
+P3X3

M]B7XFKB4:6=.TL!S0Q
F&PG[XI@/4L)A3


M\!'20-


MZUA7$O7%Z80&C\R.)ZR%
&8=D[+V??%W2T+V.9_-!NGS/76CA!

M9_%B$:1B_=&QV-T-Y39^8(9TVC]=S;$Q6-9I00$
-FO?0V3YBOI^^:EZZ
M 16'HD_$33(*4Z^2J].K\F
33DT]@CAV&J9E+7O;U5X2
CO&5/%Q2-$B;+V

F!H 4Q][OG*1N$':\!:QU:M?N@!*V
MZ@R%9/?D:YH!CE
[]/FB^U\@8!#:E]H- UG6D+WTWAC(-9#\!7;*0(;E%';W
MS5 K:=/9R^VBH?.ICO!%5VT@TQ!:%=]+2A)&(E;!:_:+#1(VI3)DB5]VQ+GM




M
$W*WPBQ#HZ.B\N6OQ2__FWET1
;N@8IBH;U=G66J]8RHIOLN]0K.V8_;IC*

MHYZ D)M3'0&IH!5;P0'$J0$0IX9 ?(


M2@*$XGL$VTB-V!8!^24.
Z8S^GP9A(1*1H.D*1 #P@ D(AI\P5[[]NR3*F
M_-(\SVM1GJ
K\XJL(NQ WPOG.3*7XIM90[=L]WNJDM6GV<[8;
M.(L72S=2SC2;[:!JMWO6E4MHT^87A,[88O,SC9_2.4#S$@(H!':/OP9;6Y[



3(X@S&T\O@XBQQ#




B(WW)W1.*8V2](?Y@6AGG^
;
WTGH7T7W-$O2FSCR

T( G;PHB#VD:Q#?U^&]X#
M_J!=8Y$PC;2;.7)Q'WFCL!*K1TFA#A7!]. ^-K]A5$G^(. VTB%=.*)6JA

8^J6^(0L^%CG
M!P[&)U
&^\A
Q!J1)
TW2(4[O_!_C18\LD6.X2Y]#B TN@
I




-
'1@SS
M$ANC+)W'-/AC?5;28;=--YCD 9@\((E:B,: E72V%Z2=@)I4W\ *E+]B@$

/C%J()Z'O2)J&






8

Y(1TRBMQ*\YR,\XPR\2:.Y'H)(,-*-338IFG00-5H@:<R0$G8+

MNVK8-DQFM?GD#U 2&Y.1 -\\Y*EU;P-Y]F=';2$
?%/.P9T90(?A;A9]*;L)


M7.$

M/N2[Y(C

]
MH63I!ORU76&_Q6F_K-0U2A+2&)PBU0.L/]MQ8BWPTQF B2)?X\PQ\CR:
=;6

1*XD'/





UAU@N$
NW@P/&6+%?G13B.:BHHCB_M
M%3/'$:*=X9^D*AZ#



MD5Y0CLNKB/W2#2?9 ^.ZK-S1/ R/Z\.PH'5R8F=%W6F6:@-[BG&4)V0J:;I-
MHFWXE&I 2/E#

\
T@-+T)S1X9


9I457(R7NJ1LEG$AV[#M^5[?L
M@MP1]
Y&!S;C9)IETF^F])16PW^:F3






59AL;T79*0SD(MTOI-@^X;[?\?;+BN!87

$O)[QCYP\2A?^+9B7-9D3D%G<6-6$P%0(EQ*87-_66,*LI^4D]@N]JW!
MI+Z3U,F.=.Q HC*4T1DG.T1G.'\K?[+YK,DKM0X=9
@&4]KW#WG_P8
1RC]
MT (US/324U#]Q8+0&?OVSS1^2N=L\5ZZ$0 :3@LCM5UV'PX+7*9N$.EF='U.

U(+#B2;:J;G
M#

MA+8KOQL#!E0%#MQNR2.)
L*?4IE%PIT 1@Y :KNDNS%V8'7@0.\LCCRFA3QA




JD
E6A!9)CD




XS

MV$XDBGL%AB*B^FG@J2Z0*VVL91[V!OB6 GI:NRO^

MW-J1NG
(U')B6G7+QYXO8UI]?NGBZY)$JL=L=736





MQM
3%C@

M%7=V^2Q6IMKJ+H@UQ%\A^-',] 9RHQ&6&T!92;CUI-C)L4%$0POJ+J FR'



M

M%(B7P
8\;Z4O:.O-W:(+)^_#*3O9T?%CE-*OGNPU-!C2!H=5-PJ@5
G]R;X8

R62L2_VL-+&][6U=[&1+
M3!Q'F'UE &EE 

MGZM_44]_)GT@&X.J^=!$+!QEH*I\Z2;(IK8XP#$W205PJ&;

1OV_'X]Y:8W

M[U5DFI4#Z









M_##DSF)11Y=$HJ;ZBF_]=:5A-UW.EY5/P_:7*@++6\I6:&R\H:M5!HX9EJ^C





?1
MBYL'^3UCW%T\\F6&?4\?)-Q(









$1



4
M  3A7Y06_^R@FAM  #(HP( $0              @ $     86-T=TR
#$Y
M
3(S



M!80  &%C='0M
C Q.3$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !.%?E#U4=PR
M@#   %:4 @ 5                ;:=  !A8W1T+3(P,3DQ,C,Q7VQA8BYX
M;6Q02P$% 
4      3A7Y0P)3R^H8B   F3P( %0              @ %I
MS@  86-T=TR
#$Y
3(S

 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesSubjectToMandatoryRedemptionSettlementTermsNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_SaleOfUnitsNetOfUnderwritingDiscountsAndOfferingExpensesShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_ClassOfWarrantOrRightIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_ShareholdersEquityTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_PercentageOfOrdinarySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityReverseStockSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesSubjectToMandatoryRedemptionSettlementTermsNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ACTT_FounderSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_ShareholdersEquityTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_DescriptionOfFounderShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ACTT_CommonClassAOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_ShareholdersEquityTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ACTT_CommonClassBOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_ShareholdersEquityTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_AggregatePurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_PrivatePlacementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_PrivatePlacementTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 6pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 6pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 6pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_RelatedPartyTransactionsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfSubordinatedDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_ServicesFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ACTT_RelatedPartyLoansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_RelatedPartyTransactionsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDescriptionOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=ACTT_AdministrativeServicesAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_RelatedPartyTransactionsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDescriptionOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_RelatedPartyTransactionsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDescriptionOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_EmergingGrowthCompanyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesSubjectToMandatoryRedemptionChangesInRedemptionValuePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_UndistributedEarningLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FederalDepositInsuranceCorporationPremiumExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_PurchaseOrdinaryShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_CommitmentsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleLeasebackTransactionMonthlyRentalPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C



MFS*V!]C1TN]/GT-=+T$9]C'S2PW0W^K9+TH0U.Q$%9#


!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS

B!)


EKVW1ZE9Z
.=]EF=Z=1
OU)WD6
MG7URD*KEQC;5



Y.V+& 94ILDP^F_B*AH+
M=YE8C9ULM/]/=A=M9#M$L:FT_+6_UIV_WOHG!1UH.($.!#H2V,<$-A#82#%

_MZM.V]KO-E
M=G5A!L2F1] )@HR(S

3)/9Q-Z&8P1






+.(FYV
M KU,YZ$*@EE$5'##$VAG!I9^Q/*Q.89[GD!',S#'(8Z%MSV!)J:T5 %8J(J
MN/









$3..%!D/=-(BL4S*

MFC/&:$I&4C)
*3Q*ABEL 7G*(-!/3I)R1!+
(^4$2:0%BS04T&2G2_BL!]
MQ!GM%







_.-/?YE
MBH'Q%U$3(KW7EG:B]&LI^ST XER3%HL=ZTFG5JZ
MUBJ(;\!T7.+\:II2
M







MZ




MYD^/ZB]02P





M!@F923


MDB /\7E2AX=X/)B@/ VSE$&6TF?)')8RD U)(
[/ B&ZP3Z3+E;*- _1V6

M'ZJ$





M='

5 _2




JT&I


M7#K1D\NG=;







M1
SKBPW\^ZA_'_'O:OY]
%3EWX8U@&)C[T. )A

M.MI

L#Y3620!K'QGF8CB6BC+!$(9'('L[Z#V=S!


GX


MXC]02P


MWZ?!Y]TZ91

V6R/'XL2=

2S7H



9V+X25'$((&DB20#)DBHQ/D9((\
M9(K@

5;0J4GJ/

MAKM7':UMR(EW$?$QH$4+H6J!^TX&H6ZQ%(6ZTQ]:NZ (--^-EJ!;M+R0=[!H

MEO2Q


M4Z$M 0E+X+XE$$&RB

ML^MN=7]PYXTAV9ISYPX[-[/7

$%     @
M$X5^4 RSOL&R 0  T@

+_CN



MX'YT)^




YX;6QM4V%OW 
M_2N('U!RN;2[G9)(O5;3)FW2J=.VSUSB)*B 


3'@)\1KLZDU#)!?$Y&%_J@B9!$$BH7&#@?KO
M T@9B+R
WS


ME


_FVG
)L-A/_\@MGSC\B]02P
$%     @ $X5^4
6R1JFV
M 0  T@

M7UP#X
FK5JW+:.-]=V#
%0UHX:Y

9JX=&T-7.=!5%&D%:
;S;73 O9


MI90:6B=-2RQ4&;W='HZ[$!\#?DL8W.)

M
A7_$RZ@
#PHP1R%42ZNI.B=-WIB02E:O(Z[;.
^C#?)?H*M _@$X#/@)N9A


$96Q'O4+Q#[R7?[GG*+H%HBCF.
7P9
M


;ECMP$

2K:]W;L$HC'F.


3



.\-V^&(1N-?7(M





/8LLW+OX 4$L#!!0    ( !.%?E!]
@@]M@$  -(#

 S]E2@?0&8Z





M;^2D4\H G)\_V!]B[5C+F3NX
_*O*'V3T1M*2JAX)_V3Z7_ 6
^.DK'X7W !


M*9*E%
?D/WBR#-\L*MQ$^/Z+PMTRP7:18!L)-E\(]M]*7(JY_I:$S7JJP-9Q
MFAPI3*?C)


MJ5U.6^^[(V.N;$%Q=V
ZT'A3&ZNX1]





^ 0\[ Q453^R#TO
M
:88F_*X(RMB'<HWJ'W6FSVAXQ= ]$4<QICTF7
'
&0?4Z1
MKJ4XI?_!TW7X=E7A-L+W_RC\M$ZP6R7818+MDN N^5#B6LS'(MFBIPIL$Z?)

%F0T+M


.



)E5R


M90#.S^_LWV/M6





M1:W42JM4;9^]
( 57ZAMEO3O.S:$HI07VS
^Y\S%XVPP]M6U )Z\*:E=3EOO



MI_

F&*
T
MTL65E+WS1DTJF(KB;^





_15!'U E2MIE@6V@Z3!L

M(V.^;$$+?V
[
'A36Z=%0-



GY/G'1.&8'+

-_SC!%L'\ G 9\ AY6%CHJ3\DPBBR)P=B!M[



8Q



MC?'0-!*DF&XJO$&H'#3# 2MY!F&BQ\O*YL$D:L#@=;R *Y_OQN$BSR  *Y






M

MOA .
0Z; L7



BYX;6QM4]MN


ML_$66U0JJ:&S$CMBH
[I0W(\[0


XZ?

?HT1EXTK*P3K4LXI/18O7:9==W
?I)CW

V8

MS/Y#$+;JJ0;3Q&FRI
2ABY.\\BX#^\#CF[S#IVG_)DPC.TLNZ/S+QO[7B Y\

J[.]ZP6M[9\;;*A;QL]T'7

MC5++2.9J&*5V200RMU.&.F5(26 X98B3^]'-4)\9XF-6-+-\HM1=#PEQ1D/$

0K-KV(_4;T584N+Q3Z!P*6%YTY(N!
DP] 37J
MR2U8$YMKZEY%G&F06U]1FVJ:3C\'&8XU@3CVOR@:E$Z
0OOKJPB#C:QR09P
MK0%.+
D^L(PXC 2CT5I&1$0=#Q9P%@%AD9H?3%3DV*P YQ 0#BEUA
#Q KC]


&








M


$%     @



M2P@8-




P(  .0&   9

!#]E2@?L(Z=! (*D6K
MJI5:6W5]MF$@43KQ*EMR/;OZTLV#6 JR@.VQV?.F7'&X[SGXE56 IX:U@K
M5V&E5+=$2)85-%0^\0Y:O7/@HJ%*+\41R4X W5NGAB$213/4T+H-B]S:MJ+(
M^4FQNH6M.2I::CXO0'&^U6(PW?#2WVLE#&@(N_H$;Z!^MYMA5ZAD65?-]#*






&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M<R]S:&5E=#(W+GAM;(U5VXZ;,!#]%<0'Q$#)1$@;;:J6JF5HJW:/CMD FAM


[SN?O[)]-
M\BJ9(Q;PS
CO]B2;PL]\[P1G?'RA0U?8$PH]KTQ^V]P!:+@.A*E43$BS-NK
M+D(R.K*H4A^LV/;F7&P.TDRNKD=HM$AFAPRHX.LD(G\$Y:XS#D;/&Z+WV-]

MOW:&N#;^ZP\A;MP$&R?!QA D'P@2-T'L)(@=$:2+(EE



@
M1.T+J)AZ$@W4YLU1R(II


[


1#)Y
3Q3FCAPF'([:#E
SEMU%T4VT:/I+D PW





YHZBR/A9T:Z'HT#RS!@1?_= ^9A[

M.3*=G#A_-L&W*O=\4Q!0*)51('JXP $H-4*ZC)=9TULL#7$]?U-_M+WK7DY$

MK(&8

09OABA&;.?

MCP*;Y-KDX

$X=;7/[=3


MM_HA6@(*M3+3C9Z+Z3I.

$%     @ $X5^4
'^L
L,9 +$4':)*I:J96B
MK;I]=I))0&LPM9VP_?O:AJ# 3M3L[YP+C

M(6J?0\G4DZBA
F^.0I9
FZ4\$55+8 ='*CD)@V!*2E94?I:ZO:W
4G'6O*A@


MP&TDQF

M@;2IN-ILF&99*D7CR?;SULS^1701F^KO[:8KMGMGRJ/
[B4+YS0E%RO4858M
M)AQ@PB%FC6&B(6:#8'H$

2X0H0*1$X@& I-1'AAFBIO$
MJ$F


2YX;6R55W]OFS 0_2J(




XE?)KMWHWM.E/''^K!=?



M_EHVYGKMGZ1@P_  8@/($)'[P9$-B : B!^-RV ;&C$/2EF+-YH)*NEX)?
M/=&_WI;J+H)%K$Y_IS?-89MGZG@ZM7M9DR);!A=-9#&;'D/&&$C?8AZF&!@0

4SAI(%@\#0B]#0B$YZ.PJ
PQ EBE V!-$; G!R
M[#&)P31]CJ'YX4()*I0@0L01ZC'92B\4S(S+R9%=5)$)W)T
$R
BV2H2(80


M]QD);V@;\+:9D8,=R1!S#;I&@NZM6L(;DJF=+M&@L:UY4E[Y6%NY=$-W2-

M(_6T

MEB?U53 L*G:0^C93]Z(?C?N%Y*T=^X/AVV/]#U!+ P04      3A7Y0E33


BYX;6QM4]MNVS 




\SS
MW%

L
M62AU_DD$T53.3L3EW8\B7O%JRW$W;4RF5:0S;-YC]MR4JTW%SI%HQNPRAE]A
MUN484B_:/;&CS5E_]H/-XF*&\2E/\1K!_?]9@AZP0Q6:-8\TU9\/MW2NQJ




\W53+HHFFFY5KZ.3E _//IHKNUR
M?B\NN:X ]#/9DO\T6T6!UN7M2W(H?ZNI^=;?E[;?KZUDY@9M1Y:L-(#*O

M.*FF
 %PV_6@+@
















5[<EHM%2AODYV=)51'-V?2NP9X
CDU(%N7G=Z=GER<?[V


^07_.
MNAL?7_CBWCZ]





M(!G23$NB]N'CNEK?WB5

5Z&_NF








M^?12]M1G3751'-SELQN=4?1.^48E;*2HM

MX(AS5
194W@TU
/N_ B/


M



8H VW/^R^[@18NK%3



MZ 
I60$*DA0!PF])E_9[TROW=4H1W%D9QM]2TCMNOE?*1YZ





MHAN0'/AJ3=(VDR




MLTJU&#*V

M(&\5=-)OD;S@:YB@FHC:V*@[8M9%'6RO@:_LE3=W,'_[Z&XY-[ZV*&^%(B
M\D02QQJZ;N9,[N\KYPUB$0BF)(IW*?($&(&(;M/*3[.K=JF_H\84M
J
0M

# G$:YK@

LER6T_\R-X&M0MTO*$ 0S?!/W)3@_'PH6)[P+0

Q\(MA.AM^=_0X(:/[K[%DSOB






.7?O
M2\:T];+/-S


#


X'[/ELS08\FRUPXI9OS!=I@





7*9[
M&
'C]

MS-9
B$\%0B ZMN0@R3!
3@U7.$'I=BP&XOX$4\S7))K@_
.\X.NM$ )482

C



DOW.2@ZWJ!R)1<_3 2XM:3VA0'EA

5?(S

M(K.?6$R!3:.B26:)8D

ME* 

6_[IN#Q+!9/J=E'J\JRQ'T;O$FHHM*(2
MFH.2!ND
(/[ES







V42U0:W)YQPJ.RD VZI+



2YQO2 !2(QELC6[:J!EL:%L)A4J$4H




1'-QSEJI6QET#),L
M!9-!5!FZ@X7O^-J&R(;SU^=7Y^.7YNV[YR_/3\R;%R_.+LY?_Y L.G,T,!VO
MPX2AK[\KPSRX+B2CQ'4*.\H=O/LBY0XR1JYDN0.- G19ZD%2;:J4@)'$_B /
M/TC]US<D5&:0?8E,_VBAP\'QH2]W(\%PZ;@<,D0<3N! 48T


CL5.*J4P_?LQDHMZZ4Y-!XH




^D][B11=@^;]13O
M*AO]E(3XOE:9LT/NZO^$=&^D( MU0OR*O=%V4!=;^Y@8Q?G+T$XGQJWHXO


M9&(#OD(GC[N#Y\^XW@0:;OH57S9N8)%A7OPPL=%

M(V57Q$7UK7N

C^:Y=)#?(X\RT)A2F

M76%61G;$?M4J)M&2@;5B-;)M&8NP):#ZN9@64VP6H M6P3D$A7G:9;01KS:
MQ96Z^Z\+L@.SF-P(B[\AAXC+^H@K&7 X44T9&HE*3!-E^RG3!4MUQ)44A@
M%I#E3LY$J92MBM;MDT0-F]8BW5I3;'M )MMQV_+W;HPM4B;[J$1\^4!&54









S\%BV(Q\I@+%CC]DP[?[G)

4*6'@%C!]@NE!:%


7)?;U*
G?486/
MZ


KW]L'X*N


MMT8?UM2*&:ABUNWO*A.D?&ZN=Y.'A*ZY?+8-'UD.BV'*L!
16(+H:+?53=_E
MN+OT/3_=RM

WCMI\WF%A
:YRAJB27

7
M6IBUSKG$B!8LY3UM.0ZZ$K

M!Q8;W31:\

MJE^?251KISK7:_4-(TQ_\.






M5=& =!_JO9/;PC-6)@;9L*+LDXZ[F=AF$PJ'#$B%@@#@)

HH=*2/
MU H]RRMNHL2V+ [XM/








MK5D7?@


7]RY_&;]IB1Z\
MI==D$7NA$Y$H% 5USB:HAR'K7L@MO









M?$C/(7VX[;O$R8_B@VG\P\OXWH:DWD;WRC;3W5.X9D&-4EQM#[ZC+#4789EB
MKQB)RL-QLO;U%G#8U@@*/I\8@F8PXZ+SE:L




F9O9GP!5
MLG*!WG/$A5O
'F(5Z*.61[*8Z&W/:ZWD&K@P[^1XZ+#N_S2?@U 8$ GUHK

F[O_-^S


.:[8OU-OY33-^-J8


MD^B=HNW__^TV_2F1*E=(DN


M70NP$E;DV2+?0:5:#HW6.0BZ'ET?G:03
VB/@1R+#EH(7TK'AWMS2W=2N%FJ
#Y??5LVV 8(/#NT?3/5
M4R',/+RK/6ZTC4Y@-4U3G;RFB8K<)%2-; 7C=\?S)H04:W!6FA^)%KF8)






MPQ ;\UP+G9RZ;FY\=M(;3O?K%:_7VOG4#CE*&*B\LE2LUK2LW  '/R.
$KHI
=\NJ_^D$W]
M5+VS+!DY.3W6(R





M=/-VI3FTI#^VJ_;WD]5+OK=EQE
%6;LZF]J)5[X-]Q$@L)2G=UW$;OF&UD



M*I:C[^FRD2J=H#.*Q/FPO7A4W:B35@Q'&A#MW-MA?=5-C
J7 FY0@L
J2_Y0



^L







M4-49V^^!26:U]$Q0UM;S;*]X^&ZUHB$;[@CPK!#\2;YW%8 \NBBZO0WX40
MWL&^!5X+DKI#H)'%#B20X

@31U-3@DDD4*<;



7K5Z3T:Q1X'E-V4N[A 2
MXKQ]VRMP)ZY 9L511Z10

.VZR7JI4T\8V.C %<]-H_)173J[5O-<)

MK=[2T5,H=?[:7LHF@9$$_/-)!X*4H!%7^J?K5+L0N9Y7/'+Y'X8[8=YO[C

=)93[[FZD-(2HE.[M?SRLG(25D/E3=PS'JN@:B<R92)TN0IZ' 2.71<V
M%X*?QAX1VP-.IKC&71

MM&:1KF/@
JE

MUHA.M6;V8H':5:*['1Z_;1=F\R_NPISHP


DZ]?JI&G^'3II


MT(VY3QSY'D5N(5YW





6
+4)![0E+
%7A-&-HC8K)YRR

M]L JKHC6H

M*T?1HK2MEE5@@UI+;HR
DD(*XC3T&9UA:%-@[



M!!0    ( !.%?E!







G\OR)DG\*TMTQ6[6H+!U@'D


JC?$(R43V3)3(U8X-)M*

(UQW8(1+EDC2R


2F;I)%U
JLQ2ZBU+
'8#^P
6=UCR$9))(UL
MD7
N#+OEL@7V';AM#;Q884H?:61_7

M#S*#V5YT2B%99(70BSX(
2FM9)&U0F

M.WEL[[R2B[T:S)S23KXK[;S8VCFEG;S33F_SA;&$2B@H?^ 0%LL++HNI8?YG
M_?HS&/K
I6JE/

$%     @ $X5^4 _L3$MX




M+I0;STAVF_'







M:5PC0^RZ!;
R7\H%


=O4[




M0#&K0#&K0#&K0#&K0#&K0#&K0#&K0#%KAF+6#
6LV07-VK5I(Y7^B^3#F.6A
M/NM^;\Z^ %!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !.%?E ?(\\#P    !








  #D/







M+W-H965T

  !D


4




&^10
  +
.   9

C

M$X5^4.H-U)1

M='


P(  .0&   9                8]#  !X;]W




M;6Q02P$% ,4      3A7Y0Q%N/;C@  5!P  &0              @ %)


M965T

'^L



YX;6Q02P$% 
4

).MGP$  %X#   9







 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecurityDeposit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_DeferredUnderwritingFeePayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCommonCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_StockForfeitureDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_StockForfeitureDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueSubjectToPossibleRedemption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesSubjectToPossibleRedemption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_PendingAcquisitionAndRelatedAgreementsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_CommitmentLetterDescription'


 'defref_ACTT_TypeOfAgreementAxis=ACTT_PurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_PendingAcquisitionAndRelatedAgreementsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_PurchaseAgreementDescriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_AdditionalTermsAndConditionsSetForthInAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_TypeOfAgreementAxis=ACTT_SubscriptionAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_PendingAcquisitionAndRelatedAgreementsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_PurchaseAgreementDescriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockDescriptionOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_TypeOfAgreementAxis=ACTT_SponsorSupportAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_PendingAcquisitionAndRelatedAgreementsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ACTT_PurchaseAgreementDescriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

