

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-13-022353
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130416
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Yanglin Soybean
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001368745
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FATS & OILS [2070]
		IRS NUMBER:				204136884
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52127
		FILM NUMBER:		13765236
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO. 99 FANRONG STREET
		STREET 2:		JIXIAN TOWN
		CITY:			HEILONGJIANG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011-86-469 467 8077
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO. 99 FANRONG STREET
		STREET 2:		JIXIAN TOWN
		CITY:			HEILONGJIANG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Victory Divide Mining CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060712









     







Washington
 D.C. 20549






ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION&nbsp;13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


2012




TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION&nbsp;13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


to __________



YANGLIN SOYBEAN
 INC.

its charter)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


NO. 99 FANRONG STREET
 JIXIAN COUNTY


People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 155900




 Including
Area Code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b)
of the Act:

Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(g)
of the Act:
 par value $0.001Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes



not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Sections&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12&nbsp;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days. Yes 
No 


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).



Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation&nbsp;S-K is not contained herein
 and
will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K. 


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.



    
    

    
    

    
    



is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act):
Yes



 2013
 there are 24
586
049
shares of common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 outstanding.




    
    


YANGLIN SOYBEAN
 INC.






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence 
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS


statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.
All statements
 other than statements of historical fact
 are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements
 including
but not limited to
 statements regarding our future financial position
 business strategy and plans and objectives of management
for future operations. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 the words &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect&rdquo; and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.


largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial
condition
 results of operations
 business strategy
 short-term and long-term business operations and objectives
 and financial
needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results&nbsp;to
differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences
include
 but are not limited to the risks discussed under the heading &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;. Except as required by law
 we
assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
 even if new information becomes available in the future.


 uncertainties and
assumptions
 the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results could
differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Accordingly
 readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.








 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 26
 1921. Prior to October 3
 2007
 the Company had only nominal operations and
assets.


 2007
 the Company executed
a reverse-merger with Faith Winner Investments Limited (&ldquo;Faith Winner (BVI)&rdquo;) by an exchange of shares whereby the
Company issued 18
500
000 common shares at $0.001 par value in exchange for all Faith Winner (BVI) shares.


(Jixian) Agriculture Development Company (&ldquo;Faith Winner (Jixian)&rdquo; or &ldquo;WFOE&rdquo;)
 which entered into a series
of agreements with Heilongjiang Yanglin Soybean Group Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Yanglin&rdquo;). As a result of entering the agreements
WFOE gained control of all of Yanglin&rsquo;s assets
 management and business as if Yanglin were a wholly-owned subsidiary of WFOE.
However
 one of the shareholders of the Company is Winner State BVI
 which is 100% owned by Mr. Shulin Liu and his wife
 Mrs. Huanqin
Ding
 has effective control over Faith Winner (BVI) and WFOE as our subsidiaries
 because it beneficially owns approximately 74.03%
of our common stock. These contractual arrangements included a loan agreement
 a consigned management agreement
 two consignment
agreements of equity interests
 an exclusive purchase option agreement
 a registered trademark transfer contract and a trademark
licensing agreement. The Consignment Agreement was entered into on September 1
 2007
 and the other agreements were all signed
on September 24
 2007. The exclusive purchase option agreement and the consigned management agreement were amended as of April
3
 2009.


    
    



 WFOE made
a loan of $17 million intended to satisfy Yanglin&rsquo;s working capital needs in the future (the &ldquo;Loan&rdquo;). In return
WFOE obtained the management control of Yanglin and an exclusive right to acquire all of the equity of Yanglin. The rights of existing
shareholders of Yanglin are assigned by the consignment of equity interests to WFOE. The exclusive purchase agreement and the loan
agreement restrict both Yanglin and its shareholders from significant decisions including but not limited to any amendments of
articles of association or rules of the Company
 any change in registered capital
 any transfer
 mortgage or disposal of Yanglin&rsquo;s
assets or income in a way that would affect WFOE&rsquo;s security interest
 entering any material contract exceeding US$731
294
in value and distributing any dividends to the shareholders. Pursuant to the consigned management agreement between WFOE and Yanglin
Yanglin agreed to entrust the business operations of Yanglin and its management to WFOE until WFOE formally acquires all equity
or substantially all the assets of Yanglin. Under the consigned management agreement as amended on April 3
 2009
 WFOE will provide
financial
 technical and human resources management services to Yanglin which will enable WFOE to control Yanglin's operations
assets and cash flows. In turn
 it will be entitled to an&nbsp;annual management fee equal to 5% of Yanglin&rsquo;s annual net
sales.


Agreement
 Yanglin agreed to transfer to WFOE all of its rights in connection with the two trademarks
 including without limitation
the title of the trademarks and right to license (the &ldquo;Transferred Trademark&rdquo;) for a purchase price of $1
000
000
which is subject to a purchase price adjustment based on the minimum appraised value on intellectual property (&ldquo;IP&rdquo;)
rights allowed under the laws and regulations of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (&ldquo;PRC&rdquo;) for such transfer. Under
the Trademark Licensing Agreement
 WFOE agreed to grant an exclusive license to Yanglin
 for a term of 10 years
 to use the Transferred
Trademark for an annual licensing fee equal to 1% of Yanglin&rsquo;s annual net sales. The licensing fee and the management fee
aforesaid &ndash; total of 6% of annual net sales of Yanglin- entitled by WFOE are designed to approximate Yanglin&rsquo;s annual
net profit. If the&nbsp;licensing and management fees entitled by WFOE&nbsp;exceed the net income after tax of Yanglin
 Yanglin
should not be obligated to pay WFOE any shortfall. In the event that the net income after tax is greater than the licensing and
management fees entitled by WFOE
 Yanglin should maintain any excess on its books and should not distribute any of such excess
as a dividend in any manner to its shareholders until WFOE exercises its exclusive purchase option pursuant to the Exclusive Purchase
Option Agreement dated September 24
 2007 between Yanglin and WFOE and as amended on April 3
 2009.


agreement
 WFOE has the exclusive purchase option to purchase all or part of Yanglin&rsquo;s shareholders&rsquo; equity interest
in Yanglin when and as permitted under PRC laws and regulations
 and no other party has the right to purchase any equity from the
shareholders of Yanglin. The agreement provides that
 unless otherwise required under PRC laws and regulations
 the consideration
for the equity transfer or the asset transfer under the agreement will be $17 million or such greater amount as required by the
then applicable PRC law and regulations (the &ldquo;Option Price&rdquo;). Under the loan agreement and the exclusive purchase option
agreement
 the money received as the Option Price by the shareholders of Yanglin upon execution of the option shall be contributed
to Yanglin and used to satisfy the repayment of the Loan
 that is
 any amount of money received by Yanglin&rsquo;s shareholders
shall be paid back to WFOE as the repayment of Loan on behalf of Yanglin. Therefore
 the actual&nbsp;consideration of acquisition
of the direct investment in Yanglin is exactly the amount of the Loan. Under such contractual arrangements
 all assets and equity
including any residual profits of Yanglin are totally controlled by WFOE and will be formally&nbsp;captured upon exercise of the
exclusive purchase option.


to be an investment in Yanglin by the Company through a series of contractual arrangements by way of the Loan. As a result of entering
into the above&nbsp;mentioned agreements
 WFOE&nbsp;is deemed to control Yanglin as a Variable Interest Entity as required by Accounting
Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 810 (revised December 2003) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities. The reverse-merger
also included an equity financing of $21
500
000 by the issuance of 9
999
999 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at
$2.15 per share to 10 accredited investors.


    
    



 through its subsidiaries and
Yanglin
 (hereinafter
 collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Group&rdquo;)
 is now in the business of manufacturing
 distribution
and selling of non-genetically modified soybean products
 including soybean oil
 soybean salad oil
 soybean meal
 Low-temperature
soy meal
 squeezed oil
 and concentrated soy protein
 &nbsp;throughout Heilongjiang Province and other parts of the PRC.


instead of a direct acquisition of Yanglin&rsquo;s assets because current PRC law
 which took effect on September 8
 2006
 does
not specifically establish the approval procedures and detailed implementation regulations for a non-PRC entity&rsquo;s equity
to be used as consideration to acquire a PRC entity's equity or assets. This makes it highly uncertain
 if not impossible
 for
a non-PRC entity to use its equity to acquire a PRC entity. If acquisition of a PRC entity using foreign equity were possible
we could have acquired 100% of the common stock of Yanglin by paying a price of $17 million with any excess treated as interest
pursuant to amendment to exclusive purchase option agreement dated April 3
 2009. While PRC law does allow for the purchase of
equity interests in (or assets of) a PRC entity by a non-PRC entity for cash
 the purchase price must be based on the appraised
value of such equity (or assets). Because we presently do not have sufficient cash to pay the estimated full value for Yanglin&rsquo;s
assets
 we
 through WFOE
 purchased the maximum amount of assets possible with the net proceeds of the private placement on October
7
 2007 and leased from Yanglin the remainder of the assets used in Yanglin&rsquo;s business.




(non-GM) soybean processor in the PRC. We currently manufacture soybean oil in bulk and soybean meal
 which are sold throughout
PRC to our customers directly or through distributors. Most of our customers (approximately 80%) are located in Northern PRC.


crushing
 heating and pressing soybeans
 extracting and separating oil from crushed soybeans
 cleansing
 hydrating and packaging
of oil as well as drying and packaging soybean meal. Our main products include Grade IV soybean oil
 salad oil
 squeezed oil
 soybean
meal
 and concentrated soy protein. We broadened our product line to include value-added products such as squeezed oil
 low temperature
soybean meal and concentrated soy protein
 and we plan to produce powdered soy oil
&nbsp;textured protein and defatted soybean
powder.&nbsp;&nbsp;Production of squeezed oil has already begun.&nbsp;We are producing concentrated soy protein in small quantities
of commercial grade product to customers in order to solicit feedback
 so we can adjust the specifications of the product to satisfy
the specific needs of the customers.&nbsp;Powdered soybean&nbsp;oil is still in trial production phase and we are now adjusting
the formula and techniques according to customer requirements and feedback. Defatted soy powder and textured protein may be launched
at a later date
 depending on trends in the market and the specific product economics.




Typically
 soybeans are ground and refined into soybean oil and protein meal
 which in turn are processed into refined oils
 animal
feed
 proteins and more value-added products such as foods
 pharmaceuticals and cosmetics.




of oil from soybean seeds. Soybean oil contains various vitamins
 minerals and unsaturated fatty acids which are essential to the
well-being of the human body. It is an important ingredient in products such as salad dressings
 margarine
 paint and medicines.
The price
 adaptability and performance of soybean oil make it appropriate for a broad range of food
 chemical and medical manufacturing
applications. Soybean oil refers to Grade IV oil
 as compared to the more refined salad oil. Both oils are for human consumption.


    
    





soybean flakes which remain after removal of most of the oil from soybeans by a solvent or mechanical extraction process. Soybean
meal is an important raw material used in the animal feed and farming industry due to its high protein content and edible characteristics.
Given the PRC&rsquo;s closer proximity to customers in Asia
 there is a growing demand for PRC produced soybean meal from countries
such as Korea and Japan. This&nbsp;in turn has led to an increase in demand for our soybean meal products.




 
extracted from the 
 has been used since 1959 in foods
and for its functional properties. Concentrated soy protein
 as one of the three kinds of proteins
 contains 70% soy protein. It
retains most of the fiber of the original soybean and is widely used as functional or nutritional ingredient in a wide variety
of food products
 mainly in baked foods
 breakfast cereals
 and in some meat products. Because soy protein concentrates are available
in different forms and very digestible
 they are well-suited for 
pregnant and lactating women
. They are also
used in 
 milk replacements for 
)
and even used for some non-food applications. Recently
 soy protein popularity has increased due to its use in health food products
and many countries allow health claims for foods that are rich in soy protein.



Genetically
modified soybean plants are widespread in the world&rsquo;s leading soybean producing countries (such as Brazil
 Argentina and
the United States) and genetically modified soybeans comprise a very large proportion of the world&rsquo;s soybean production.
Conversely
 most of the soybean food products exported from the PRC are primarily made from non-genetically modified soybeans that
China is the world's largest
non-genetically modified soybean-producing country.


are perceived to be &ldquo;green&rdquo; and hence more desirable to certain classes of consumers than genetically modified soybean
products
&nbsp;especially with respect to soy protein and other value-added soybean products. We believe that as a result of the
increasing affluence and sophistication of the consumers in the PRC
 European Union and Japan
 they have also become more aware
of potential health issues arising from the consumption of genetically modified soybean products and are willing to pay a premium
for non-genetically modified soybean products. As a producer of non-genetically modified soybean products
 we believe we are well
positioned to take advantage of such growth.




for the development of our industry. In recent years
 the PRC government has sought to differentiate soybean exports from the PRC
from other international exporters of soybeans such as the United States and Brazil. Specifically
 the PRC government has taken
measures to promote industries and enterprises
 including our business
 that produce non-genetically modified soybean food products.
In 2003
 the PRC Ministry of Agriculture announced a plan to develop the PRC&rsquo;s northeastern region (including Heilongjiang
Province where Yanglin&nbsp;is located) into the world&rsquo;s largest non-genetically modified soybean production center for export.


 the
Heilongjiang provincial government has introduced a number of measures to develop its organic farming industry such as improving
its local agriculture infrastructure and promoting the development of large industrial groups that produce green and organic food
products. Over the past five years
 Heilongjiang's green food industry has grown significantly and has become an important growth
sector in Heilongjiang&rsquo;s burgeoning economy. Furthermore
 we believe that the proportion of &ldquo;deep-processed&rdquo;
soybean food products produced by the PRC will increase significantly
 particularly with the completion of the PRC&rsquo;s largest
non-genetically modified soybean deep-processing base by 2011.&nbsp;The deep-processed products are&nbsp;the sub-group of value-added
products which are mostly soybean products based on soy protein such as concentrated soy protein
 powdered soy oil
 textured soy
protein and defatted soy powder.


    
    



at the national and local levels will have a positive impact on development of our business operations.






Our products have favorable brand-name recognition
due to their superior quality and our proven track record in the industry;


We are strategically located
 allowing for
access to cheaper and more stable soybean supplies. Jixian County
 where the company is headquartered
 is in the heart of the Three
Rivers Plains
 a major soybean production area
 and Yanglin has established long-term relationships with the local farmers and
suppliers;


We have an extensive sales network covering
most areas of the PRC and have negotiated better arrangements with distributors to save costs and promote higher efficiency. Most
customers are corporations which have been with the company since it was established;


We believe that our business is better managed
and our operations are more efficient compared to many larger state-owned soybean processors;


We believe that we do not face direct competition
from international conglomerates such as Archer Daniels Midlands and Cargill as they produce predominantly genetically modified
soybean products in coastal areas
 whereas Yanglin produces non-genetically modified soybean products which appeal to more health-conscious
customers and our sales are mostly in inland areas of Northern PRC; and


Both our management and workers are skilled
and experienced in the soybean industry. Many of them have worked in the industry for more than 20 years.






global economic crisis
 due to the still increasing overall demand for soybean products
 we expect our business to&nbsp;grow steadily
in the next few years. We believe that
 in the long term
 our need for soybean supply may increase. In order to enlarge the supply
base of our raw materials
 we intend to expand our access to soybean cultivation areas through the development of further supply
arrangements with other private and state-owned farms
 farmers and vendors within Heilongjiang Province. Currently
 we plan to
increase our access in the next few years in other locations by adding more soybean farmers and through other arrangements.


    
    


Expand New Markets for Deep-processed
Products


current products and grabbing more market share. At the same time
 we would especially focus on exploring new markets for deep-processed
products
 as they provide higher profit margin.

Expansion
of our Sales Network


in Northern PRC than in other parts of PRC and currently do not have many sales offices in Southern PRC. We plan to expand our
sales and marketing network by establishing more sales offices within the PRC. In addition
 we plan to expand sales of our products
especially value-added products
 through distributors internationally.

Expansion
of our Product Line


will yield higher profit margins. We have expanded our product lines to acquire the capability to produce the following value-added
soybean products:




processing soybean oil and soybean salad oil together with corn syrup and other raw materials. Powdered soybean oil not only retains
the nutritional value of liquid soybean oil
 but also has a long shelf life and can be easily packaged and transported. In addition
powdered soybean oil can be used as a cheap substitute for milk or powdered milk because it can be easily dissolved or mixed with
other ingredients in water to produce a mixture that has a strong fragrance similar to that of milk
 as well as containing beneficial
proteins and minerals.




from soy protein. Textured protein products are hydrated in the production process and accordingly have a symmetrical
 consistent
and smooth texture and specific structure. Textured protein can be added to food products to impart a taste that is similar to
that of meat. Therefore
 textured protein can be used as a food substitute for beef and pork. In addition
 textured protein contains
anti-oxygenation ingredients that could prolong the shelf-life of certain food products.




from specially-extracted soy meal and has high protein content (higher than 50 percent). Defatted soybean powder can be added to
fish
 noodles
 meat
 dairy products and candy to improve the quality and taste of food. Further
 defatted soybean powder can prolong
shelf life and reduce cost.




soybean oil from selected soybeans through traditional methods of refining and hydration in order to remove the acids in the oil.
Squeezed oil is readily absorbed by the human body and contains no cholesterol. It possesses vitamins such as A
 D
 and E
 as well
as other nutrients which have been shown to help growth
 improve immunity and prevent hypertension and arteriosclerosis.


    
    





content of up to 98% and contains no cholesterol. Concentrated soy protein can be used as an ingredient in food products to improve
their texture and nutritional value. Concentrated soy protein is used as an ingredient in a wide range of food products
 including
nutritional supplements
 seafood
 processed meats
 frozen food
 nutritional beverages
 cream soups
 sauces and snacks.




operations
 setting limits on fees of both internal personnel and external parties
 and lowering financing costs
 while trying
to borrow more both from banks and in capital markets.







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
24
646

    
    
    
4
796

    
    
    
121
257

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
462

    
    
    
16
010



&rdquo;
below) and directly to our customers primarily within the PRC market.&nbsp;In the fiscal year ending 2012 we processed approximately
184
052 tons of soybeans and generated total revenues of approximately $106.48 million with a net operating loss of $5.92 million.
A breakdown of our 2012 sales amount demonstrates that soybean meal accounted for about 49.3% of sales
 soybean oil 31.21%
 salad
oil 6.27%
 concentrated soy protein 2.82%
 squeezed oil 1.33%
 and low-temperature soy&nbsp;meal 9.07%.




(soybeans) is one of the key components for our success. We purchase all of our soybean supplies from various farmers in the Heilongjiang
province. We have established and maintained good relationships with these farmers.


suppliers of soybeans for the year ended December 31
 2012:


    
    




    
    
    

    
1
345
119
    

    
1
175
474
    

    
1
137
824
    

    
1
122
643
    

    
1
093
181
    

    
1
084
775
    

    
1
010
988
    

    
984
647
    

    
970
217
    

    
929
988
    


Note: the amounts are converted from RMB
value using the yearly average rate of 2012
 1USD =&nbsp;6.3116 RMB


an aggregate of 9.23% of our total supply of soybeans


being over-reliant on any single supplier.


soybean suppliers. Through our affiliate company
 Heilongjiang Yanglin Group Seed Co. Ltd.
 (&ldquo;Yanglin Seed Co.&rdquo;) which
is wholly owned and managed by Mr. Shulin Liu
 our chief executive officer.


&ldquo;Yanglin&rdquo;&nbsp;brand soybean seeds which provide higher oil yield. Pursuant to annual intentional supply agreements
with the Company
 the farmers sell the harvested soybeans to Yanglin. Yanglin Seeds Co. extends favorable commercial terms to these
farmers
 such as competitive price
 for them to purchase &ldquo;Yanglin&rdquo; soybean seeds. Meanwhile
 Yanglin offers cash-upon-delivery
payment terms to the farmers for purchases of the harvested soybeans grown from &ldquo;Yanglin&rdquo; soybean seeds. These arrangements
ensure that we maintain good relations with our suppliers
 enjoy a stable supply of soybeans that meet our high quality standards.


and to increase its volume
 we intend to enter into similar supply agreements with other soybean farmers in the PRC.




of soybean oil and soybean meal
 with some being soybean food processors and animal feed manufacturers. The following is a list
of our top ten major customers for fiscal year 2012. All of our major customers are located in the PRC.


    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
2
519
343
    

    
    
2
195
593
    

    
    
1
985
484
    

    
    
1
973
177
    

    
    
1
878
795
    

    
    
1
873
405
    

    
    
1
814
359
    

    
    
1
800
249
    

    
    
1
787
116
    

    
    
1
772
064
    


Note: the amounts are converted from RMB
value using the yearly average rate of 2012
 1USD =&nbsp;6.3116 RMB


our customers. Our largest customer accounts for only 2.37% of our total sales in 2012 while our top ten customers accounted for
about 2.15% of our net sales in 2011. As such
 we are not dependent on any single customer and have accordingly maintained our
bargaining&nbsp;power in relation to our customers. Holding such a diversified customer base
 we have mitigated the commercial
risk and associated impact of the loss of sales from any single customer. As we begin to expand our product offering to include
value-added soybean products
 our customer base will change to include more industrial users and some retail consumers.




sales volume of main products by customer type for the year 2012.




    
    
    
    Soybean&nbsp;Oil
    
    
    Soybean&nbsp;Meal
    
    
    Soy&nbsp;Protein

    
    
    (Tons)
    
    
    (Tons)
    
    
    (Tons)
    
    
    (Tons)
    
    
    (Tons)
    
    
    (Tons)
    

    
4
795
    
24
400
    
117
619
    
15
690
    
    
    
2
462
    

    
    
    
    
    
3
638
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
4
795
    
24
646
    
121
257
    
16
010
    
    
    
2
462
    




within the PRC
 although some of our products may be exported by distributors to countries such as Japan
 Korea
 and Russia. The
geographical distribution of the&nbsp;sales volume and&nbsp;revenue of our main products&nbsp;in the PRC for the year 2012 is shown
below.


    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
596
5
008
827
13
555
18
275
655
42
440
18
372
721
10
406
6
275
735
    
991
279
    
150
134

    
    
1
001
486
8
626
11
630
085
29
102
12
598
561
    
    
    
    
    
119
619

    
    
669
979
2
465
3
323
459
30
314
13
123
248
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
4
850
2
099
616
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
3
638
1
574
928
    
    
    
425
449
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
2
425
1
049
808
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
003
2
414
162
    
    
1
108
1
352
428

    
    
    
    
    
1
213
525
120
1
601
965
544
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
213
525
120
    
    
    
    
1
133
1
382
943

    
    
    
    
    
1
213
525
120
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
213
525
120
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
213
525
120
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
2
423
1
048
942
    
    
    
    
    
    



Note: the amounts are converted from RMB
value using the yearly average rate of 2012
 1USD =&nbsp;6.3116 RMB.




soybean processors operating in the PRC. Our main competitor is Heilongjiang 93 Oil and Fat Co.
 Ltd.
 an integrated state-owned
enterprise which is located in the provinces of Heilongjiang
 Dalian and Tianjin. The rest of our competitors are smaller state-owned
enterprises.



    
    
    
    

    
    
600
000
    

    

 Ltd
220
000
    

    
    
200
000
    

    
    
100
000
    

    
    
100
000
    

    
    
100
000
    

    
    
90
000
    



    
    


Source: Information from respective companies'
websites and Yanglin estimates


 we do not compete with companies
that are engaged primarily in the manufacturing of genetically modified soybean products
 especially international agriculture
conglomerates. Currently
 most major producers of genetically modified soybean products are state-owned enterprises and joint ventures
of global agriculture companies. Their operations are mostly located in the coastal cities in Southern PRC
 which enables them
to conveniently import genetically modified soybean from the U.S.
 Brazil
 Argentina and other countries in bulk volume at reasonable
prices. The market for their products is also mainly in the southern parts of PRC. Meanwhile our supply sources
 production facilities
and customers are mostly in Northern PRC
 where there is an abundant supply of non-genetically modified soybean. Generally speaking
there is a geographical division between the market for genetically modified soybean products and that for non-genetically modified
soybean products. As a result
 we generally do not have direct competition with our genetically modified counterparts.




 our marketing
efforts have also contributed to our success in the PRC markets. Currently
 our main method of selling our products is direct marketing
supplemented with indirect marketing. Given that we are located in the Heilongjiang province
 we are in close proximity to our
suppliers and customers and thus are able to communicate with them directly (as opposed to going through the Dalian Commodities
Exchange).


distributors in many cities in the PRC with approximately 40 independent general distributors spread over approximately 24 provinces.
These provinces include locations in the northeastern
 northwestern and southern regions of the PRC. Furthermore
 we have a dedicated
in-house sales team with 10 salespersons. Their duties include monitoring the soybean industry
 collecting market and price information
developing and managing distributors
 providing recommendations for our marketing and sales strategy
 pricing policies
 and filling
sales orders.


in the PRC
 and as part of our international expansion plans
 we plan to appoint sales agents in North America
 Europe
 Russia
Japan
 Korea and other countries in Southeast Asia in the future.




forms of media
 including billboards alongside highways. We now have our own business website at the domain name 


 our marketing team develops and
maintains a unified and distinctive image throughout all of our corporate publicity materials
 including our corporate billboard
advertisements
 media publicity and corporate branding.




and potential customers to promote our products. We regularly attend exhibitions in different regions to market our products.&nbsp;We
plan to maintain and strengthen our existing customer relations through symposiums
 guided tours of the company and direct correspondences
that provide further information of our product offering. We will also strengthen communications with the relevant government departments
in order to keep abreast of new policies and guidelines. This will enable us to adapt quickly to any changes
 better seize business
opportunities and develop new markets.


    
    





&rdquo;).
The costs of transportation are borne by our customers and are pre-paid in advance of delivery of the products. The remainder of
our products are collected by our customers&nbsp;at our facilities.




are determined based on the daily spot market price
 which is determined by the average of ex-works prices of local producers and
the quotation on commodities exchanges. Usually our customers are required to pay full retail price in cash in advance of delivery
of their ordered products. Credit terms will only be granted to long-term customers
 usually large distributors. Long-term customers
constitute almost 90% of our customers in total
 and we offer certain favorable treatments
 if permitted
 including priority in
fulfilling orders
 guarantee of railway delivery capacity.&nbsp;The market condition is becoming increasingly competitive.


our products
 as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011 are (including value-added tax&nbsp;&ldquo;VAT&rdquo;):



    
    

    
    
    

    
1
349
1
519

    
1
394
1
585

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
433
1
621

    
1
222
1
505


Note: the amounts are converted from RMB
value using 1USD = 6.3086RMB of the year end rate of 2012
 and 1USD=6.3585RMB of year end of 2011.

ton at the end of 2012
 a decrease of $44 per ton from $477 for the year ended December 31 2011. For the past few years
 the price
of soybean meal has been in the higher range
 up to $680 per ton. The prices of our products are determined by taking into account
the costs of labor as well as the seasonality of demand in the soybean market. Traditionally
 the prices of our raw materials are&nbsp;lowest
during the soybean harvest period between October and December
 as the supply is most abundant then. Our prices then usually peak
from January to February due to the large demand during the Chinese New Year and Spring Festival holidays.




trademarks in the PRC
 which are currently used for all of our products:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

&nbsp;2001

 2011 to June 13
 2021

    
    
    
    

 2001

 2011 to June 13
 2021



    
    



 fish
 poultry and game;
meat extracts
 preserved
 dried and cooked fruits and vegetables; jellies
 jams
 fruit sauces; eggs
 milk and milk products; edible
oils and fats. Class 31 is for agricultural
 horticultural and forestry products and grains not included in other classes; live
animals
 fresh fruits and vegetables; seeds
 natural&nbsp;plants and flowers; foodstuffs for animals
 malt.




 2012
 we had 472 employees;
most of whom are involved in production and operations.


employees as&nbsp;of December 31
&nbsp;2012 and 2011 was:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



in a government mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits
 medical care
 unemployment
insurance
 employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. PRC labor regulations require the Group
to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees' salaries. Management believes that full time employees
who have passed the probation period are entitled to such benefits. We have paid all social security fees as required by PRC laws
and regulations.


that are conducted annually.



We
China Pacific People&rsquo;s
Insurance (Group) Co. Ltd:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
November&nbsp;16





    
    
14
060
828
    
    
    
25
444
    
    




these insurance policies.

Note: the amounts in the column Coverage
are converted from RMB value using the yearly average rate of 2012
 1USD = 6.3116RMB.




such as Food Sanitation Law
 Environment Protection Law and Fire Prevention Law
 and to national standards for food issued by the
national Food and Drug Administration. We have obtained the Sanitation Admission certificate from the local Sanitation Bureau as
well as the industrial production permit
 and our facilities are regularly inspected by local authorities.


    
    



 we have been issued an ISO 9001-2000
Certificate by the Beijing Zhongjing Kehuan Quality Authorization Co. Ltd. and a Certificate of Class A Green Food by the PRC Center
of Development of Green Food.




laws
 rules and regulations governing our type of manufacturing facility. We have complied with the prescribed standard of environmental
protection as evidenced by a certificate issued by the Jixian Environment Protection Bureau dated February
 2007.


to the PRC Environment Protection Law. Our process of treating waste water meets the strict requirement of this law.&nbsp;




risky. You should carefully consider the risk factors described below
 together with all other information in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K
 before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition
or operating results could be materially and adversely affected. In such case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
and you may lose all or part of your investment.&nbsp;Additional risks and uncertainties not currently foreseeable to us may also
impair our business operations.



Our raw material supply is vulnerable
to natural disasters
 which could severely disrupt the normal operation of our business and therefore adversely affect our operations.


and most of our soybeans are grown in and obtained from farmers in the Heilongjiang Province
 natural disasters such as drought
earthquakes
 floods
 and heavy rains in Heilongjiang may lead to a shortage in our supply of soybeans and result in soybean price
increases
 and consequently adversely affect our operations.

Production at Factory No. 1 and Factory
No. 2 is temporally suspended due to poor market conditions
 and there can be no assurance that we will be able to resume production
at these factories if market conditions do not improve.


of raw materials and the deteriorating market condition of soybean processing industry in China
 we have been facing financial
difficulties in maintaining profitability in our operation. In order to minimize the potential loss
 we have determined to suspend
production in Factory No. 1 and Factory No. 2 since the beginning of 2013. Management expects to resume production at these factories
by the end of second quarter in 2013
 subject to an improvement in market conditions
 however
 there can be no assurance when market
conditions will improve and we will be able to resume production at Factory No. 1 and Factory No. 2 .

We are in the process of relocating
Factory No. 3 to a new location
 as required by the Jixian County People&rsquo;s Government and we are currently in negotiations
with the Jixian County People&rsquo;s Government with respect to compensation for losses incurred by us as a result of the required
relocation. There can be no assurance that such negotiations will be successful or that we will be able to successfully relocate
Factory No. 3 in a timely manner.


    
    



 our Factory No. 3 ceased operation
following our receipt of a notice from Jixian County People&rsquo;s Government. We were advised by Jixian County People&rsquo;s
Government that the reason that we were required to move our Factory No. 3 from its current location by September 30
 2012 was
because the current location of Factory No. 3 was materially interfering with the city&rsquo;s plan of northward expansion. The
notice from the Jixian County People&rsquo;s Government further stated that the Jixian Government would enter into an agreement
with us regarding the provision of compensation to us for our losses as a result of the required relocation of our Factory No.
3. We completed our removal work with respect to Factory No. 3 in September 2012. We have identified a site for the construction
of a new factory to replace Factory No. 3. Construction work with respect to the new factory is expected to begin in the second
quarter of 2013. It is expected that construction of the new factory will take approximately two years. We are currently in negotiations
with the Jixian Government with respect to the agreement for compensation for its losses as a result of the required relocation
of Factory No. 3.

Our efforts to manufacture value-added
products may not be successful.


higher profit margins
 we have begun to construct new plants and add new equipment to manufacture value-added products such as
squeezed oil
 and concentrated&nbsp;soy protein. If the consumers do not accept our new products
 the market for such products
has not fully developed
 or we do not have experienced sales personnel to market such products
 we may not achieve the result as
we expect and our business operation and financial conditions may be adversely affected.

Soybean prices fluctuate greatly. This
may adversely affect our operations.


 soybeans are subject to
the price fluctuation of the commodity market in the PRC&nbsp;and indirectly to the international commodity market. For example
the soybean price went up from RMB 2.16 per 500 grams at the beginning of 2008 to RMB2.75 per 500 grams at the beginning of March
2008
 then to RMB2.70 per 500 grams in early July 2008 and went down to RMB1.65 per 500 grams at the end of 2008
 due to both the
shortage in soybean supply caused by a severe drought in 2007 and farmers&rsquo; cutting growing areas of soybeans brought by the
continuously low price level by the end of 2006.&nbsp;&nbsp;In 2009
 the soybean price fluctuated from RMB1.67 per 500 grams at
the beginning of the year
 to RMB1.87 per 500 grams at the end of the year. In 2010 and 2011
 the highest soybean price was RMB1.68
and RMB1.97 per 500 grams respectively. In 2012
 the highest soybean price was RMB 2.26 per 500 grams. If the soybean price increases
significantly
 we may have a problem caused by increased demand on working capital to satisfy the raw materials needs of our operations.

We may not be able to increase our sources
for soybean supply. As a result
 we may not be able to support our plan to increase production.


we intend to expand our soybean supply area through development of additional farmland soybean agreements
 which in turn will be
accomplished through contract negotiations with private farmers and cooperation with state-owned farms. However
 it is difficult
to obtain access to farmlands from private farmers or state-owned farms. If we cannot expand the soybean supply area
 we may not
be able to increase the supplies of the soybean and our plan to increase soybean production.

We do not have long-term soybean
supply contracts
 which could have a material adverse effect on us.


 we source about 70% of our raw
materials from farmers with whom we have a long term relationship and about 30% from intermediaries who purchase directly from
other farmers. However
 we do not have long term contracts with the farmers or the intermediaries. All current supply contracts
with the soybean farmers are one-year contracts without fixed prices. Therefore
 we may not be able to control supply risks. Any
significant fluctuation in price of our raw materials could have a material adverse effect on the manufacturing cost of our products.


    
    



paying attractive premiums to those farmers who will purchase &ldquo;Yanglin&rdquo; soybean seeds
 cultivate and plant them and
then sell the soybeans to us in order to guarantee our soybean supplies. However
 if our competitors also pay premiums or even
pay higher premiums to attract the suppliers
 we may lose our advantage in purchasing price and lose some of our soybean supplies.

The soybean price is largely beyond
our control and may be affected by natural disasters
 supply competition and other factors.


by other factors in addition to natural disasters or supply competition
 such as global commodity price increase
 government control
or suppliers&rsquo; financial difficulties. We may have limited options in the short-term for alternative supply if our suppliers
fail for any reason
 including suppliers&rsquo; business failure or financial difficulties to continue the supply of raw materials.
Moreover
 identifying and accessing alternative sources may increase our costs. Although raw materials are generally available
and we have not experienced any raw material shortage in the past
 we cannot assure that the necessary materials will continue
to be available to us at prices currently in effect or acceptable to us.

Some of our land may be reclaimed
by the government and this may materially impact our operations.


and land use rights may be granted
 transferred
 leased or allocated. Allocated land use rights are generally provided by the government
for an indefinite period (usually to state-owned entities) and cannot be pledged
 mortgaged
 leased
 or transferred by the user.
Allocated land can be reclaimed by the government at any time. The land occupied by our Factory No. 1 and No. 2 are allocated land
and accordingly subject to the risk of being reclaimed. We are in the process of applying to change&nbsp;the type&nbsp;of the land
use rights over Factory No. 2 to &ldquo;transferred&rdquo;. Although we believe that the risk that the land use rights that we
have with respect to Factory No. 1 and Factory No. 2 will be reclaimed by the government is very small because the government is
encouraging the growth of our industry and the market economy system in general
&nbsp;and because the government has continued
to support our business
 we cannot guarantee that any of our allocated land will not be reclaimed in the future. In July 2012
the land use rights that we had with respect to Factory No. 3 were reclaimed by the government and we were required to relocate
Factory No. 3 to a different site.

We may lose our advantages if there
is emergence of new production technologies for other competitors.


to utilize current technologies to produce high quality products with low cost. Currently
 we employ advanced technologies available
in our manufacturing process. However
 newer and better manufacturing technologies may emerge. If we are unable to adapt the production
processes to newer and more efficient manufacturing technologies that may be used by our competitors to manufacture products that
are of higher quality or at a lower cost
 we may lose market share and our financial performance may be adversely affected because
we do not have the financial resources to build new facilities using such new technologies.

Our manufacturing process is highly
dangerous
 which could cause adverse effects on our operation.


 we use highly
inflammable and explosive chemical solutions. Therefore
 fires and explosions could occur
 which could cause delay in our production
damages to our facilities and injuries to our workers.


    
    


We receive a significant portion of
our revenues from a limited number of customers. Our business will be harmed if our main customers reduce their orders from us.


40 distributors of soybean oil and other soybean products
 as well as soybean food product and animal feed manufacturers. Although
our sales are widely diversified among our customers and our largest customer accounts for only 2.37% of our total sales
 our top
ten customers accounted for about 18.41% of our net sales in the year 2012. Dependence on a few customers could make it difficult
to negotiate attractive prices for our products and could expose us to the risk of substantial losses if a single dominant customer
ceases to purchase our products. If we lose any customers and are unable to replace them with other customers that would purchase
a similar amount of our products
 our revenues and net income would decline significantly.

Our product delivery is dependent upon
the efficiency of the rail system and any disruption in the services or increase in transportation costs will have a material adverse
impact on our operations.


to our customers by rail. We are largely dependent upon the efficiency of the PRC&rsquo;s rail system and network to deliver our
products. Any disruption of their service will largely impact our ability to fulfill our orders on a timely basis and recognize
revenue. In addition
 any increase in transportation costs may deter our customers and lead them to source products from other
nearby suppliers
 thus negatively affecting our sales.

Potential environmental liability could
have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition.


we have complied with the prescribed standard of environment protection as evidenced by a certificate issued by the government.
Although it has not been alleged by the government that we have violated any current environmental regulations
 we cannot assure
you that the government will not amend the current environmental protection laws and regulations. Our business and operating results
may be materially and adversely affected if we were to be held liable for violating existing environmental regulations&nbsp;or
if we were to increase expenditures to comply with environmental regulations affecting our operations.

Inadequate funding for our capital expenditure
may affect our growth strategy and profitability.


to raise capital from outside sources. To maintain our profitability
 we should increase the efficiency and achieve economies of
scale in production of those low-margin products
 and at the same time to develop those high-margin profit products. Adequate funding
is needed to expand the production scale or develop new products. However
 adequate funding is dependent upon a number of factors
including but without limitation
 the nation&rsquo;s or the world&rsquo;s economy
 our business condition
 the financial environment
as well as the relevant legal environment. If we are unable to obtain sufficient financing
 our growth and profitability may be
adversely effected.

The sales price fluctuation for our
products is periodic
 which could affect our financial results.


among others
 by the change of soybean supply and demand. Usually
 our prices are lowest during the soybean harvest time between
October and December and on the peak from January to February because of the Chinese New Year and Spring Festival. However
 our
prices are also subject to other conditions. As a result
 we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our historical results
of businesses are not necessarily meaningful and that you should not rely on them as an indication&nbsp;for future performance.
It is also possible that our quarterly results of operations may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors.


    
    


Risks Related To Our Management and Internal
Control

Our internal control over financial
reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures have been ineffective
 and failure to improve them could lead to future errors
in our financial statements that could require a restatement or untimely filings
 which could cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information
 and a decline in our stock price.


and improve our business management and internal control over financial reporting to forecast
 budget and allocate our funds. However
as a PRC company that has recently become a US public company
 we face difficulties&nbsp;&nbsp;in hiring and retaining a sufficient
number of qualified employees to achieve and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting in a short
period of time.


in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
 we may be unable to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act&rsquo;s internal controls requirements
 and therefore may not be able to obtain the independent auditor certifications that
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires publicly-traded companies to obtain.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result of any deficiencies and weaknesses
we may experience difficulty in collecting financial data and preparing financial statements
 books of account and corporate records
and instituting business practices that meet international standards
 failure of which may prevent us from accurately reporting
our financial results or detecting and preventing fraud.

We depend on key personnel for our business
operations
 whose discontinuance could incur our high replacement cost.


on the continued services of our executive officers
 especially Mr. Shulin Liu
 our chairman and chief executive officer
 Mr. Zongtai
Guo
 our chief operating officer
 and Mr. Yang Nan
 our chief financial officer. If one or more of our key executive officers are
unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions
 we may not be able to replace them readily
 if at all. Therefore
 our
business may be severely disrupted
&nbsp;and we may incur additional expenses and take additional time to recruit and retain new
officers.

We may not be able to effectively protect
our proprietary rights
 which could harm our business and competitive position.


 in part
 on our ability
to protect our proprietary rights. At present
 we have registered the trademarks for &ldquo;Yanglin&rdquo; logo in the PRC which
are currently used for all of our products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively protect our trademarks in
the future. Currently
 implementation of PRC intellectual property-related laws has historically been lacking
 primarily due to
ambiguities in the PRC laws and difficulties in enforcement. Accordingly
 intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections
in&nbsp;the PRC&nbsp;may not be as effective as in the United States or other developed countries. Policing unauthorized use of
proprietary technology is difficult and expensive
 and we might need to resort to litigation to enforce our rights or defend us
&nbsp;or
to determine the enforceability
 scope and validity of our proprietary rights or those of others. Such litigation may require significant
expenditure of cash and management efforts and could harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations. An adverse
determination in any such litigation will impair our intellectual property rights and may harm our business
 competitive position
business prospects and reputation.


    
    


We may be exposed to intellectual property
infringement and other claims by third parties
 which
 if successful
 could cause us to pay significant damage awards and incur
other costs.


use is not protected by any patent or intellectual property rights
 we face the risk of being the subject of intellectual property
infringement claims. The validity and scope of claims relating to the manufacturing of soybean products may involve complex technical
legal and factual questions and analysis and
 therefore
 may be highly uncertain. The defense&nbsp;and prosecution of intellectual
property suits
 patent opposition proceedings and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both costly and time consuming
and may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical and management personnel. An adverse determination in any
such litigation or proceedings to which we may become a party could subject us to significant liability
 including damage awards
to third parties
 require us to seek licenses from third parties
 to pay ongoing royalties
 or to redesign our products or subject
us to injunctions preventing the manufacture and sale of our products. Protracted litigation could also result in our customers
or potential customers deferring or limiting their purchase or use of our products until resolution of such litigation. Further
we do not have adequate product liability insurance coverage against defective products as our products are manufactured according
to fairly basic formulas. Any disputes so far have been resolved through friendly negotiations. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to resolve any future claims in such a manner.



There can be no assurance that any plans
for future expansion will be implemented or that they will be successful.


 which include
manufacturing &ldquo;deep-processed&rdquo; and refined soybean products
 expanding our production lines and expanding our sales
there is no guarantee that such plans will be implemented or that they will be successful. These plans are subject to
 among other
things
 the feasibility to meet the challenges we face
 our ability to arrange for sufficient funding for more manufacturing facilities
and the increasing working capital and the ability to hire qualified and capable employees to carry out these expansion plans.
Our expansion plan is also dependent on the relocation process of Factory No. 3 which was responsible for more than half of our
production capacity plan. However
 there is uncertainty as to when and how the relocation and the compensation payable by the local
government to us in connection with the relocation will be arranged through negotiation with the local government.

Our personnel may not effectively support
our growth and therefore impeding the expansion plan.


and skilled employees for our business operations. But if our business and markets grow and develop
 it will be necessary for us
to expand our operation in an orderly fashion
 which will put added pressure on our management and operational infrastructure.
We may not have the requisite experience to manage&nbsp;and operate a larger
 more modern manufacturing plant and bigger production
lines. In addition
 we may face challenges in product offerings and in integrating acquired businesses. These events would increase
demands on our existing management
 workforce and facilities. Failure to satisfy these increased demands could interrupt or adversely
affect our operations and cause production backlogs
 longer product development time frames and administrative inefficiencies.

We may have difficulty expanding our
sales network in domestic market or to explore new overseas market.


in the PRC by expanding existing sales and marketing network coverage to reach more areas by establishing more sales offices within
the PRC and maybe in other countries such as Singapore
 Malaysia
 Canada and the United States. However
 overseas consumers may
not accept the value of non-generically modified soybean products and may not like to pay the premium for it. It also may be difficult
to expand the sales channels in the PRC&rsquo;s markets if we are unable to advertise our products through various forms of media.
But the advertising in commercial magazines
 popular newspapers or over the internet will enhance our sales costs.


    
    




The PRC&rsquo;s commitments to the World
Trade Organization may intensify competition.


World Trade Organization
 the PRC made many commitments including opening its markets to foreign products
 allowing foreign companies
to conduct distribution business and reducing customs duties. Foreign manufacturers may begin to manufacture non-genetically modified
soybean products and ship their products or establish manufacturing facilities in the PRC. Competition from foreign companies may
reduce profit margins and hence our business results would suffer.

If the substitute products for soybean
oil increase
 we may lose our market share of soybean oil market.


 such
as vegetable oil of peanut and palm oil could increase the intensity of competition faced by us. With the appearance of substitute
products for soybean oil
 consumers have more choices. Part of consumers may prefer vegetable oil. As a result
 we&nbsp;may lose
our market share of soybean oil market.

If we are not able to be competitive
in the non-genetically modified soybean product business
 we may not achieve sufficient product revenues.


 we are the largest and most
integrated private non-genetically modified soybean producer in the PRC. Our products compete with a multitude of products developed
manufactured and marketed by others and we expect competition from new market entrants in the future. Our current competitors are
the other domestic non-genetically modified soybean companies and global manufacturers who may enter the non-genetically modified
soybean business. Although currently we view ourselves in a favorable position
 we may not remain competitive if existing or future
competing products may provide better quality
 greater utility
 lower cost or other benefits from their intended uses than our
products
 or may offer comparable performance at lower cost. If our products fail to capture and maintain market share
 we may
not achieve sufficient product revenues
 and our business would suffer.

The inability of the PRC government
to keep the PRC a genetically modified-free soybean zone may eliminate our competitive edge and negatively impact our operations.


in that we manufacture and sell non-genetically modified soybean products. Because the PRC is a non-genetically modified soybean
growing zone
 our competitors are not the large
 better capitalized producers of genetically modified soybean products. The PRC
has one of the strictest bio-safety regulations in the world
 requiring safety certificates and labeling of genetically modified
products. However
 with so much genetically modified soybeans imported into the country
 there is a question as to whether the
PRC is able to keep it a genetically modified-free soybean zone. If the PRC is unsuccessful in keeping the PRC a genetically modified-free
soybean zone and our soybeans are tainted through pollination
 we will lose our competition edge and this would adversely affect
our operations.

Our failure to comply with ongoing governmental
regulations could hurt our operations and reduce our market share


 the food industry is undergoing
increasing regulations as environmental awareness increases. The trend is that the PRC government toughens its regulations and
penalties for violations of environmental regulations. New regulatory actions are constantly changing our industry. Although we
believe we have complied with applicable government regulations
 there is no assurance that we will be able to do so in the future.


    
    


Risks Related To Doing Business In The
PRC

We face the risk that changes in the
policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the PRC and the profitability
of such business.


in the PRC. Accordingly
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects are affected significantly by economic
political and legal developments in the PRC. The PRC economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects
including level of government involvement in economic activities
 stage of national development
 and control of foreign exchange.


in the past 20&nbsp;years
 the growth has been uneven
 both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. Policies of
the PRC government can have significant effects on the economic conditions of the PRC. The PRC government has confirmed that economic
development will follow the model of a market economy. Under this direction
 we believe that the PRC will continue to strengthen
its economic and trading relationships with foreign countries and business development in the PRC will follow market forces. While
we believe that this trend will continue
 we cannot assure you that this will be the case. A change in policies by the PRC government
could adversely affect our interests by
 among other factors: changes&nbsp;in laws
 regulations or the interpretation of laws and
regulations
 confiscatory taxation
 restrictions on currency conversion
 imports or sources of supplies
 or the expropriation or
nationalization of private enterprises. Although the PRC government has&nbsp;been pursuing economic reform policies for more than
two decades
 we cannot assure you that the government will continue to pursue such policies or that such policies may not be significantly
altered
 especially in the event of a change in leadership
 social or political disruption
 or other circumstances affecting the
PRC&rsquo;s political
 economic and social life.

Recent PRC regulations relating to
the establishment of offshore companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident shareholders to personal liability and limit
our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries
 limit our subsidiaries&rsquo; ability to distribute profits to us or otherwise
adversely affect us.


Foreign Exchange
 or the SAFE
 issued a public circular on October&nbsp;21
 2005 concerning the acquisition by an offshore company
controlled by PRC residents of onshore assets in the PRC. This circular requires that (1)&nbsp;a PRC resident shall register with
a local branch of the SAFE before he or she establishes or controls an overseas special purpose vehicle
 or SPV
 for the purpose
of overseas equity financing (including convertible debt financing); (2)&nbsp;when a PRC resident contributes the assets of or
his or her equity interests in a domestic enterprise to an SPV
 or engages in overseas financing after contributing assets or equity
interests to an SPV
 such PRC resident must register his or her interest in the SPV and any changes in such interest with a local
branch of the SAFE; and (3)&nbsp;when the SPV undergoes a material change outside of the PRC
 such as a change in share capital
or merger or acquisition
 the PRC resident shall
 within 30 days from the occurrence of the event that triggers the change
 register
such change with a local branch of the SAFE. Furthermore
 PRC residents who are shareholders of SPVs established before November&nbsp;1
2005 are required to register with a local branch of the SAFE before March&nbsp;31
 2006.


are PRC residents are required to update their respective registrations with the local branch of the SAFE. However
 we cannot assure
you that these beneficial owners will update their registrations with the local branch of the SAFE in full compliance with the
October 2005 SAFE circular. The failure or inability of beneficial owners of our company who are resident in the PRC to comply
with the registration procedures set forth in the October 2005 SAFE circular may subject these beneficial owners to fines and legal
sanctions and may also limit our ability to&nbsp;contribute additional capital into our PRC subsidiaries
 limit our PRC subsidiaries&rsquo;
ability to distribute dividends to us or otherwise adversely affect our business.

Contractual arrangements through
which we have established control of Yanglin may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct ownership. If Yanglin
fails to perform its obligations under these contractual arrangements
 we may have to legally enforce such arrangements and our
business
 financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected if these arrangements cannot be
enforced.


    
    



Yanglin and its shareholders for operating our business. These contractual arrangements may not be as effective in providing us
with control over Yanglin as direct ownership.


as a legal matter
 if Yanglin fails to perform its obligations under these contractual arrangements
 we may have to (i)&nbsp;incur
substantial costs and resources to enforce such arrangements
 and (ii)&nbsp;rely on legal remedies under PRC law
 which we cannot
be sure would be effective.


by PRC law and provide for the resolution of disputes through either arbitration or litigation in the PRC. Accordingly
 these contracts
would be interpreted in accordance with PRC law and any disputes would be resolved in accordance with PRC legal procedures. If
Yanglin fails to perform its obligations under these contractual arrangements
 we may have to rely on legal remedies under PRC
law
 including seeking specific performance or injunctive relief
 and claiming damages
 which we cannot be sure would be effective.
In addition
 the legal environment in the PRC is not as developed as in other jurisdictions
 such as the United States. As a result
uncertainties in the PRC legal system could limit our ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. In the event that we are
unable to enforce these contractual arrangements
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected.


 which is 100% owned by
our Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Shulin Liu and his wife Mrs. Huanqin Ding
 beneficially owns approximately 74.03% of our common
stock. Our loan in the amount of approximately $17 million to the domestic Yanglin Soybean Group Co. Ltd. is callable should Mr.
Shulin Liu decide to sell his and/or his wife&rsquo;s majority interest in Yanglin. This could cause disruption in our operations
and as a&nbsp;consequence may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation.


Agreement
 the WFOE has the exclusive purchase option to the equity and assets of Yanglin
 any other party has no right to purchase
any equity from Mr. Shulin Liu and his wife. If Mr. Shulin Liu and his wife breach the Exclusive Purchase Option Agreement to sell
the equity
 under the Loan Agreement
 repayment should be made in its entirety or in part
 at the WFOE&rsquo;s option and upon
10 days written notice. Yanglin may choose two ways to repay the debt
 either (i) in cash
 or (ii) by a transfer of equity interests
of Yanglin or all its assets (at the price of $17 million with excess treated as interests on the loan). If Yanglin chooses&nbsp;to
repay the debt in cash
 it may cause disruption in its operations due to lack of the working capital.

A conflict of interest exists as a result
of Mr. Liu&rsquo;s role as our chief executive officer and our majority shareholder
 and his role as a majority shareholder of
Yanglin and therefore Yanglin may not repay the loan to us which would cause disruption in our business and adversely affect our
financial condition and result of&nbsp;operations.


 Mrs. Huanqin
Ding
 beneficially own approximately 74.03% of our common stock through their 100% holding in Winner State (BVI). Mr. Liu is also
our chief executive officer.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Liu with his wife beneficially own approximately 90% of Yanglin&rsquo;s equity interest.&nbsp;&nbsp;Thus
there is a conflict of interest as a result of Mr. Liu&rsquo;s role as our chief executive officer and our&nbsp;majority shareholder
and his role as a majority shareholder of Yanglin.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a consequence
 Yanglin may not repay the loan made on September
24
 2007.&nbsp;&nbsp;Even though we may choose to foreclose on the equity interests of Yanglin or all its assets and become the
owner of Yanglin&nbsp;&nbsp;under Article 1 of the Exclusive Purchase Option Agreement
 there is the risk that the equity interests
of Yanglin or all its assets will not be sufficient to repay the loan or that we may not be able to foreclose on the equity interests
of Yanglin or all its assets at all
 which would cause disruption in our business and adversely affect our financial condition
and result of operations.

Recent PRC regulations relating to
mergers and acquisitions of domestic enterprises by foreign investors may increase the administrative burden we face and create
regulatory uncertainties.


    
    


On August&nbsp;8
2006
 six PRC regulatory agencies
 namely
 the PRC Ministry of Commerce
 the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration
Commission
 or SASAC
 the State Administration for Taxation
 the State Administration for Industry and Commerce

Securities Regulatory Commission

 jointly promulgated the Regulations on Mergers and
Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors
 or the New M&amp;A Rule
 which became effective on September&nbsp;8
2006


 among other
things
 offshore special purpose vehicles
 or SPVs
 formed for overseas listing purposes through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies
at a consideration of the SPVs&rsquo; shares and directly or indirectly controlled by PRC companies or individuals to obtain the
approval of the CSRC prior to publicly listing their securities on an overseas stock exchange.


 2006
 pursuant to the
New M&amp;A Rule and other PRC laws and regulations
 the CSRC
 in its official website
 promulgated relevant guidance with respect
to the issues of listing and trading of domestic enterprises&rsquo; securities on overseas stock exchanges (the &ldquo;Related
Clarifications&rdquo;)
 including a list of application materials with respect to the listing on overseas stock exchanges by SPVs.


the interpretation and application of the above rules
 and CSRC has yet to promulgate any written provisions or formally to declare
or state whether the overseas listing of PRC related company similar to the case of us shall be subject to the approval of CSRC.&nbsp;
If CSRC approval is required in connection with our listing
 our failure to obtain or delay in obtaining such approval could result
in penalties imposed by CSRC and other PRC regulatory agencies. &nbsp;These penalties could include fines and penalties on our
operations in China
 restriction or limitation on remitting dividends outside of China
 and other forms of sanctions that may cause
a material and adverse effect to our business
 operations and financial conditions.

Our business is largely subject to the
uncertain legal environment in the PRC&nbsp;and your legal protection could be limited.


based on written statutes. Unlike common law systems
 it is a system in which precedents set in earlier legal cases are not generally
used. The overall effect of legislation enacted over the past 20 years has been to enhance the protections afforded to foreign
invested enterprises in the PRC. However
 these laws
 regulations and legal requirements are relatively recent and are evolving
rapidly
 and their interpretation and enforcement involves uncertainties. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections
available to foreign investors
 such as the right of foreign invested enterprises to hold licenses and permits such as requisite
business licenses. In addition
 all of our executive officers and our directors are residents of the PRC
 and substantially all
the assets of these persons are located outside the U.S. As a result
 it could be difficult for investors to affect service of
process in the U.S.
 or to enforce a judgment obtained in the U.S. against us or any of these persons.

You may experience difficulties in
effecting service of legal process and enforcing judgments against us and our management in the PRC.


subsidiaries are located in the PRC. In addition
 almost all of our directors and officers reside within the PRC
 it may not be
possible to affect service of process within the United States or elsewhere outside of the PRC upon most of our directors and officers
including with respect to matters arising under the U.S. federal securities laws or applicable state securities laws. Moreover
the PRC is not a party to any treaties providing for reciprocal enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States or most
other western jurisdictions. As a result
 recognition and enforcement in the PRC of judgments of a court in the United States or
any other jurisdictions mentioned above in relation to any matter may be difficult or impossible. In addition
 you will have difficulties
in bring an original action in a PRC court to enforce liabilities against our directors and officers based upon the U.S. federal
securities laws.


    
    


We may lose control over the seed company
if the PRC government tightens its restriction on foreign entities to control Chinese seeds developers.


(&ldquo;Yanglin Seeds&rdquo;) is currently wholly owned by Mr. Shulin Liu
 our Chief Executive Officer
 and as a result is an affiliate
of the Group. It develops high quality soybean seeds and provides them to farmers at a competitive price
 and in return the farmers
sell their soybeans grown from Yanglin&rsquo;s seeds to Yanglin. The PRC government has been restricting foreign entities from
owning Chinese seeds developers
 for the reason of national economic security. If the PRC government further tightens its restriction
to prevent foreign entities from effectively controlling
 regardless of the actual legal form
 Chinese seeds developers
 then Yanglin
as an entity effectively controlled by a foreign enterprise
 may have to dispose of Yanglin Seeds. This may harm our ability to
maintain high level of loyalty among the farmers and secure the supply of our raw materials.

The PRC government may impose material
influence on the market price of our raw materials and force our costs to increase.


especially soybeans
 are determined by market mechanism
 the PRC government may exercise significant influence over the prices
through its policies. For example
 from late 2008 to June 2009
 the PRC government launched a national strategic reserve purchase
of soybeans at a price that was over 10% higher than normal market price
 to support Chinese soybean farmers and protect their
interests
 which were negatively affected by large imports of soybeans at a cheaper price. This measure effectively raised the
market price and our costs of sales subsequently
 and was a major reason for our material operational loss in 2010
 2011 and 2012.
The PRC government may implement such or similar policies in the future
 and as a result
&nbsp;our profitability could be adversely
affected.

The PRC government exerts substantial
influence over the manner in which we conduct our business activities.


and local economic autonomy and private economic activities. The PRC government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial
control over virtually every sector of the PRC economy through regulation and state ownership. Our ability to operate in the PRC
may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations
 including those relating to taxation
 import and export tariffs
 environmental
regulations
 land use rights
 property and other matters. We believe that our operations in the PRC are in compliance with all
applicable legal and regulatory requirements. However
 the central or local governments of these jurisdictions may impose new
stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part
to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. Accordingly
 government actions in the future
 including any
decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy
 or regional or local
variations in the implementation of economic policies
 could have a significant effect on economic conditions in the PRC or particular
regions thereof
 and could require us to divest ourselves of any interest we hold in PRC properties.

Inflation in the PRC may inhibit our
activity to conduct business in the PRC.


 the PRC economy has experienced
periods of rapid expansion and high rates of inflation. During the past ten years
 the rate of inflation in the PRC has been as
high as 20.7% and as low as -2.2%. These factors have led to the adoption by the PRC government
 from time to time
 of various
corrective measures designed to restrict the availability of credit or regulate growth and contain inflation. While inflation has
been more moderate since 1995
 high inflation may in the future cause the PRC government to impose controls on credit and/or prices
or to take other action
 which could inhibit economic activity in the PRC
 and thereby harm the market for our products.


    
    


Restrictions on currency exchange
may limit our ability to receive and use our revenues effectively


in Renminbi
 and any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability to use revenue generated in Renminbi to distribute
dividend or make other payments in U.S. dollars. Normally the revenue will be reinvested in the PRC. If we distribute dividend
or&nbsp;make other payments in U.S. dollars to the shareholders
 PRC Foreign Investment Companies Laws require us to provide relevant
documents such as tax payment evidence and resolutions of the board of the directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although the PRC government introduced
regulations in 1996 to allow greater convertibility of the Renminbi for current account transactions
 significant restrictions
still remain
 including primarily the restriction that foreign-invested enterprises may only buy
 sell or remit foreign currencies
after providing valid commercial documents at those banks in the PRC authorized to conduct foreign exchange business. In addition
conversion of Renminbi for capital account items
 including direct investment and loans
 is subject to governmental approval in
the PRC
 and companies are required to open and maintain separate foreign exchange accounts for capital account items. We cannot
be certain that the PRC regulatory authorities will not impose more stringent restrictions on the convertibility of the Renminbi.

The fluctuation of the Renminbi may
materially and adversely affect your investment.


by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and Renminbi
 and between those currencies and other currencies in which our
sales may be denominated. For example
 to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into Renminbi for our operational needs
and should the Renminbi appreciate against the U.S. dollar at that time
 our financial position
 the business of the company
 and
the price of our common stock may be harmed. If we decide to convert our Renminbi into U.S. dollars for the purpose of declaring
dividends on our common stock or for other business purposes and the U.S. dollar appreciates against the Renminbi
 the U.S. dollar
equivalent of our&nbsp;earnings from our subsidiaries in the PRC would be reduced.

We may not be able to distribute our
assets upon liquidation and dividend payment will be subject to restrictions under the PRC foreign exchange rule.


PRC. Under the laws governing foreign investment enterprises in the PRC
 dividend distribution and liquidation are allowed but
subject to special procedures under the relevant laws and rules. Any dividend payment will be subject to the decision of the board
of directors and subject to foreign exchange rules governing such repatriation. Any liquidation is subject to both the relevant
government agency&rsquo;s approval and supervision as well the foreign exchange control. The foreign exchange control authority
may or may not approve the repatriation of funds out of the PRC if any funds left after liquidation.&nbsp;&nbsp;This may generate
additional risk for our investors in case of liquidation.

We may be treated as a resident enterprise
for PRC tax purposes as the Enterprise Income Tax Law became effective on January 1
 2008
 which may subject us to PRC income tax
for any dividends we receive from our subsidiaries and PRC income tax withholding for any dividends we pay to our non-PRC shareholders.


that enterprises established outside of the PRC whose &ldquo;de facto management bodies&rdquo; are located in the PRC are considered
&ldquo;resident enterprises&rdquo; and will generally be subject to the uniform 25.0% enterprise income tax rate as to their global
income
 including income we receive from our subsidiaries. The term &ldquo;de facto management bodies&rdquo; is not defined under
the Enterprise Income Tax Law and it is currently unclear in which situations a non-PRC enterprise&rsquo;s &ldquo;de facto management
body&rdquo; is located in the PRC. All of our management is currently based in the PRC
 and if a majority of the members of our
management team continue to be located in the PRC after the effective date of the Enterprise Income Tax Law
 we may be considered
a PRC resident enterprise and therefore subject to PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on our worldwide income
 which
will include any dividend income we receive from our subsidiaries. If we are required under the Enterprise Income Tax Law to pay
income tax for any dividends we receive from our subsidiaries
 our revenues could decrease significantly.


    
    


We have limited business insurance coverage
in the PRC
 which could harm our business.


 including
equipment failures
 natural disasters
 industrial accidents
 power outages
 and other business interruptions. We do not carry business
interruption insurance and as a result
 we may be required to pay for financial and other losses
 damages and liabilities
 including
those caused by natural disasters and other events beyond our control
 out of our own funds
 which could have a material adverse
effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


not cover the full value of our property and equipment
 which leaves us with exposure in the event of loss or damage to our properties
or claims filed against us.&nbsp;We currently do not carry any product liability or other similar insurance. We cannot assure you
that we would not face liability in&nbsp;the event of the failure of any of our products. This is particularly true given our plan
to significantly expand our sales into international markets
 like the United States
 where product liability claims are more prevalent.


we do not have other insurance such as business liability or disruption insurance coverage for our operations in the PRC.&nbsp;We
do not maintain a reserve fund for warranty or defective products claims. Our costs could substantially increase&nbsp;if we experience
a significant number of warranty claims. We have not established any reserve funds for potential warranty claims since historically
we have experienced few warranty claims for our products so that the costs associated with our warranty claims have been low. If
we experience an increase in warranty claims significantly
 it would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations.

Any future outbreak of severe acute
respiratory syndrome or avian influenza in the PRC
 or similar adverse public health developments
 may severely disrupt our business
and operations.


syndrome
 the Avian Flu or another widespread public health problem in the PRC
 where all of our manufacturing facilities are located
and where all of our revenues are derived from
 could have a negative effect on our operations. In addition
 there have been confirmed
human cases of avian influenza in PRC
 Vietnam
 Iraq
 Thailand
 Indonesia
 Turkey
 Cambodia and other countries which have proven
fatal in some instances. If such an outbreak or any other similar epidemic were to spread in the PRC
 where our operations are
located
 it may adversely affect our business and operating results. Such an outbreak could have an impact on our operations as
a result of quarantines or closures of our manufacturing facilities or the retail outlets
 which would severely disrupt our operations
the sickness or death of our key officers and employees
 and a general slowdown&nbsp;in the PRC economy.



Our common stock is subject to price
volatility and may result in losses for investors.


price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the trading prices of equity securities of many companies that have
business operations exclusively in the PRC. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance
of many of these companies. Any negative change in the public&rsquo;s perception of these companies could decrease our stock price
regardless of our operating results. The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. We expect our
stock price to be subject to fluctuations as a result of a variety of factors
 including factors beyond our control.


    
    



actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results
 announcements of technological innovations or new products
or services by us or our competitors
 announcements relating to strategic relationships or acquisitions
 additions or terminations
of coverage of our common stock by securities analysts
 statements by securities analysts regarding us or our industry
 conditions
or trends in the our industry
 and changes in the economic performance and/or market valuations of other soybean product companies.


will affect our ability to raise capital
 which may have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our operations.

Our common stock may be considered
to be a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; and
 as such
 the market for our common stock may be further limited by certain SEC rules applicable
to penny stocks.


remains below $5.00 per share or we have net tangible assets of $2
000
000 or less
 our common shares will be subject to certain
&ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules promulgated by the SEC. Those rules impose certain sales practice requirements on brokers who sell
penny stock to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally institutions with assets in excess
of $5
000
000 or individuals with net worth in excess of $1
000
000). For transactions covered by the penny stock rules
 the broker
must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written consent to the transaction
prior to the sale. Furthermore
 the penny stock rules generally require
 among other things
 that brokers engaged in secondary
trading of penny stocks provide customers with written disclosure documents
 monthly statements of the market value of penny stocks
disclosure of the bid and asked prices
 disclosure of the compensation to the brokerage firm
 and disclosure of the sales person
working for&nbsp;the brokerage firm. These rules and regulations adversely affect the ability of brokers to sell our common shares
and limit the liquidity of our securities.

We do not intend to pay cash dividends
in the foreseeable future.


in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation and
expansion of our business. In addition
 the terms of any future debt or credit facility may preclude us from paying any dividends.
As a result
 capital appreciation
 if any
 of our common stock will be your sole source of potential gain in your investment for
the foreseeable future.

Our chief executive officer could
exert significant influence over our significant corporate decisions and may act in a manner that advances his best interests and
not necessarily those of other stockholders.


 Mr. Shulin
Liu and his wife Mrs. Huanqin Ding
 beneficially own approximately 74.03% of our common stock through&nbsp;their 100% holding in
Winner State (BVI). As a result
&nbsp;Mr. Liu may be able to influence significantly the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder
approval
 including the election and removal of directors and any merger
 consolidation
 or sale of all or substantially all of
our assets and he may act in a manner that advances his best interests and not necessarily those of other stockholders
 including
investors in this offering
 by
 among other things: delaying
 deferring or preventing a change in control of us; entrenching our
management and/or our board of directors; impeding a merger
 consolidation
 takeover or other business combination involving us;
discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us; or causing us to
enter into transactions or agreements that are not in the best interests of all stockholders.


    
    




There is currently a very limited
trading market for our common stock.


Bulletin Board (&ldquo;OTCBB&rdquo;). However
 our bid and asked quotations have not regularly appeared on the OTCBB for any consistent
period of time. There is no established trading market for our common stock and our common stock may never be included for trading
on any stock exchange or through any other quotation system (including
 without limitation
 the NASDAQ Stock Market). You may not
be able to sell your shares due to the absence of a trading market.

We will incur increased costs as
a result of changes in laws and regulations relating to corporate governance matters.


 we will
need to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and regulations adopted by the SEC
 including expanded
disclosures
 accelerated reporting requirements and more complex accounting rules. Compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and other requirements will increase our costs and require additional management resources. Additionally
 these laws
and regulations could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance
 including director and
officer liability insurance
 and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs
to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain
qualified persons to serve on our board of directors
 our board committees or as executive officers. We are presently evaluating
and monitoring developments with respect to these laws and regulations and cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional
costs we may incur to respond to their requirements.

We may require additional capital
which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms
 or at all.


securities may result in dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations
and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. Financing may be unavailable in amounts
or on terms acceptable to us
 or at all. Failure to obtain such additional capital could have an adverse impact on our business
strategies and growth prospects.

Our future capital raising and the
conversion of our outstanding shares of preferred stock and warrants may dilute our shareholders&rsquo; equities.


our capital raise could require us to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain credit facilities. The sale of additional
equity or equity-linked securities could result in additional dilution to our then existing shareholders. In addition the conversion
of outstanding shares of preferred stock and exercise of warrants into common stock may dilute our then existing shareholders&rsquo;&nbsp;equities.
Certain registration rights have been granted to holders of the preferred stock and warrants. Pursuant to the registration rights
agreement
 certain holders of the preferred stock and warrants have the demand rights to require us to register the&nbsp;shares
common stock held by these holders. Therefore
 as our existing shareholders
 your share equities may be diluted upon the conversion
of outstanding shares of preferred stock
 exercise of warrants and sale of common stock pursuant to the registration&nbsp;rights
agreement.






    
    





 we owned and operated three soybean
production factories in Jixian County in Heilongjiang Province with a combined annual soybean processing capacity of 520
000 tons.
In July 2012
 our Factory No. 3 ceased operation following our receipt of a notice from Jixian County People&rsquo;s Government.
We were advised by Jixian County People&rsquo;s Government that the reason that we were required to move our Factory No. 3 from
its current location by September 30
 2012 was because the current location of Factory No. 3 was materially interfering with the
city&rsquo;s plan of northward expansion. The notice from the Jixian County People&rsquo;s Government further stated that the Jixian
Government would enter into an agreement with us regarding the provision of compensation to us for our losses as a result of the
required relocation of our Factory No. 3. We completed our removal work with respect to Factory No. 3 in September 2012. We have
identified a site for the construction of a new factory to replace Factory No. 3. Construction work with respect to the new factory
is expected to begin in the second quarter of 2013. It is expected that construction of the new factory will take approximately
two years. We are currently in negotiations with the Jixian Government with respect to the agreement for compensation for its losses
as a result of the required relocation of Factory No. 3. Our combined annual soybean processing capacity has decreased to 220
000
tons
 as a result of the closure of Factory No. 3.

Factory
No. 1 manufactures squeezed soybean oil
 Grade IV soybean oil and soybean meal. Factory No. 2 manufactures&nbsp;concentrated soy
protein and low-temperature soybean meal. Prior to July 2012
 Factory No. 3 manufactured Grade IV soybean oil
 soybean meal and
salad oil. However
 Factory No. 1 and Factory No. 2 have currently been shut down since the beginning of the 2013 due to the consistent


2 by the end of second quarter of 2013 assuming that market conditions have has improved.


the land area and annual production capacity of our production facilities:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
27
000&nbsp;m
100
000

    
43
572&nbsp;m
120
000

*
    Factory No. 3 (reclaimed by the government in July 2012) 
45
596&nbsp;m
150
000



000
tons



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

370
000
184
052
    
520
000
258
697
    


: The annual production
capacity is based on 3 shifts (8 hours per shift) a day for 300 days a year.


596
 of land of Factory No. 3 in 2005. Factory No. 3 ceased operation pursuant to the Jixian Government notice (as described
above) in July 2012. We are currently in negotiations with the Jixian Government with respect to the agreement for compensation
for our losses as a result of the required relocation of Factory No. 3.


Factory No. 2 are allocated by the local government at minimal cost.


    
    



includes conveyor belt
 sifting machines
 dyers; steamer
 crushers; flaking machines
 extractors; distillers; packaging machines;
containers. Our machinery has been kept in good condition and is covered by property insurance.


and cannot be sold to any individual or entity. Instead
 the government grants or allocates landholders a &ldquo;land use right.&rdquo;
There are four methods to acquire land use rights:&nbsp;&nbsp;

Grant of the right to use
land;



Assignment of the right
to use land;



Lease of the right to use
land; and








granted land use rights are similar to life estates and allocated land use rights are in some ways similar to leaseholds.


PRC government in exchange for a grant fee
 and carry the rights to pledge
 mortgage
 lease
 and transfer within the term of the
grant. Land is granted for a fixed term - generally 70 years for residential use
 50 years for industrial use
 and 40 years for
commercial and other use. The term is renewable in theory. Unlike in Western nations
 granted land must be used for the specific
purpose for which it was granted.


by the PRC government for an indefinite period (usually to state-owned entities) and cannot be pledged
 mortgaged
 leased
 or transferred
by the user. Furthermore
 allocated land can be reclaimed by the government at any time. Allocated land use rights may be converted
into granted land use rights upon the payment of a grant fee to the government.


Yanglin has the following leased land use rights:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
27
000
1
346
164

 warehouse

 2001 - December 3
 2051

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 Shuangfu Road East
43
572.1
1
179
114

 warehouse

 2006 - October 30
 2056

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
45
596
1
419
170

 warehouse

 2005 - September 5
 2055

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 Daoban Dong Qiang
3
844.6
15
124
    

 2003 - October 18
 2053

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 Wansheng Village
16
643.7
15
104
    

 2004 - December 31
 2028

    
    
    
    
    
    


 
    
1
000
000
166
369
    

 2005 - December 31
 2026



    
    



the allotted land use rights for Factory No. 1
 Factory No. 2
 Wansheng Village and Jiansan Farm into granted land use rights.
The conversion will involve a payment of a &ldquo;transfer fee&rdquo; to the Jixian County Land Bureau.


 the Group reviewed the idle
production facility of Factory No. 1 for impairment and identified certain assets to be technologically outdated and thereby indicating
a reduction in value.&nbsp;We expected to dispose of these assets during&nbsp;2010 and believe the assets are carried at the net
realizable value. However
 the plans to sell these assets were not successful. As the assets might have no realizable value
 we
recorded a full impairment charge related to these assets for the year ended December 31
 2010.




 there are no pending materials
legal proceedings to which we or our properties are subject to. From time to time
 we may be also involved in litigation arising
in the normal course of our business.





Item 5. Market For Registrant&rsquo;s Common
Equity
 Related Shareholder Matters
 And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities 


the Counter (OTC) Bulletin Board and our trading symbol is &quot;YSYB.OB&rdquo;. There has never been any established public market
for shares of our Common Stock.


period indicated the prices of the Common Stock in the over-the-counter market
 as reported and summarized by the OTC Bulletin
Board. Such prices are based on inter-dealer bid and asked prices
 without markup
 markdown
 commissions
 or adjustments and may
not represent actual transactions.


    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Through
April 8
 2013.




 2013
 we have 24
586
049 shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding held by 302 holders of record (not including beneficial owners who hold shares at broker/dealers
in &ldquo;street name&rdquo;)&nbsp;and 5
413
953 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding held by approximately
6 shareholders. We have authorized and issued 9
999
999 Series A Preferred Stock&nbsp;and authorized 10
000
000 Series B Preferred
Stock
 but have not issued any Series B Preferred Stock.




a dividend on our Common Stock during the last three fiscal years and we do not anticipate the payments of dividends in the near
future
 as we intend to reinvest our profits to grow operations. We rely on dividends from Yanglin for our funds and PRC regulations
may limit the amount of funds distributed to us from Yanglin
 which will affect our ability to declare any dividends.




during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities









    
    


Item 6. &nbsp; Selected Financial Data



 we are not
required to provide the information called for by Item&nbsp;6 of Form 10-K.

Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 


condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those
financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve significant
risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors
 such as those set forth under &quot;Forward Looking Statements&quot; and
&quot;Item 1A. Risk Factors&quot; and elsewhere in this Form 10-K
 our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements.

Current Business Environment and 2013
Outlook


in 2012 and forward
 statistics showed that the global economy has recovered gradually from recession since the second half of
2009. The growth rate of&nbsp;PRC&rsquo;s GDP&nbsp;in 2012 was 7.8% (published on 22nd February 2013 by the National Bureau of
Statistics of China). As predicted by some economists
 China&rsquo;s economic development will stabilize in the future.


 there are some factors that may impose
unfavorable effects on our future operations
 including:

The expected good harvest of genetically modified soybeans in US and South America in 2013
 which
may cause even larger import volume to the PRC
 at lower prices.

Possible further appreciation of Renminbi against USD in the future
 which may also reduce the import
price of genetically modified soybeans.


The uncertainties in the subsidy and supporting policies of the PRC government regarding the domestic
soybean industry.


 we will continue to lobby
the PRC government to grant new supporting policies. Meanwhile
 we will continue to take strict cost saving measures and maintain
our production at a suitable level. We will actively observe the trends in our industry and in the general economy in order to
capitalize any opportunity for our products. Over the long-term
 we believe that we are well positioned to benefit from the growth
opportunities in the PRC and throughout the world.






 grade)
 salad oil and soybean meal
 and a small portion of our revenue is
created by the sales of other products
 including concentrated soybean protein
 squeezed oil and low temperature soybean meal.
The revenue may be affected by the following factors:








Our current annual processing capacity for soybean is 220
000 metric tons. We processed approximately 184
051 metric tons in 2012.
Production capacity is sufficient for current demand.


    
    


In general
our products are priced consistently with market prices
 with consideration for cost of sales. However
 prices are affected by
several factors
 including but not limited to: the pricing trends for domestic soybeans
 the cost and volume of imported soybeans
temporary sudden changes in supply-demand relationship
 and general economic factors and income level of consumers.

Revenue growth potential
depends on market demand for our products. We believe that high growth potential for our sales revenue exists due to several factors:
1) total market demand for our products exceeds current production levels; 2) our products are recognized as high quality; 3) we
maintain excellent relationships with our customers; and 4) we generally sell almost all of our production volume.




parts: raw materials
 labor
 production overhead and manufacturing related depreciation. Raw materials refer mainly to soybeans
and account for over 90% of the cost of sales. Labor costs are relatively low and comprise a very small portion of cost of sales.
Production overhead includes auxiliary materials
 utility expenses
 machinery maintenance costs
 inspection costs and other related
expenses. Depreciation costs are applied to manufacturing facilities and equipment
 such as production lines
 steam generators
and factory buildings.


following factors
 either directly or indirectly:


Availability and price of raw materials
especially soybeans;

Operating efficiency of production facilities;
and



Availability and price of raw materials
especially soybeans. 
so its price fluctuation will have a material impact on our cost. The price of soybeans may be affected by a series of factors
including the production volume of soybeans on national and international scale
 weather
 government policies and soybean transactions
on commodity markets. Meanwhile
 if there is a shortage in the supply of raw materials
 our production facilities will have to
operate at less than maximum efficiency. Our processing volume represents a relatively small portion of the total soybean supply
of Heilongjiang Province; generally speaking the availability of raw materials is always high. Soybean price has a significant
impact on our cost of sales.

Output&nbsp;ratio and operating efficiency
of production facilities. 
finished products. The more units of finished products we can produce using a single unit of raw material
 the higher the output
ratio. As labor
 production overhead and manufacturing related depreciation expenses are mostly fixed
 generally speaking
 the
more we produce
 the lower the unit cost. Our output ratio and operating efficiency are continuously improving due to the recent
purchase and renovation of facilities and equipment
 the enhanced competence and proficiency of our staff and the improvement of
our management skills.

&nbsp;Usually
the price of soybean is determined by market mechanisms; however
 government policy may have a significant impact. For example
the PRC government has been conducting a national strategic purchase every year since 2008 to 2012&nbsp;and has effectively raised
the purchase price of soybeans in the market by offering a price approximately 10% higher than normal market prices
 to farmers.
Such similar&nbsp;actions&nbsp;of the government
 and granting various forms of subsidies to farmers
 may&nbsp;materially increase
our cost of sales.


    
    





combined effects of the following factors: (a) the selling price of our products
 (b) the sales volume and the individual profit
margin of each product
 and (c) the cost of sales. As we are a middle stream processor
 and the profit margin of middle stream
processing is usually relatively stable
 under normal circumstances our gross profit margin has ranged from 7% to 9%
 based on
previous experience through 2008. However
 if exceptional circumstances exist
 gross margin may be seriously affected. Due to extremely
unfavorable environmental factors
 such as the national purchase of soybean by the PRC government at higher than market price
and the low cost imports of soybean at large volumes
 we suffered a gross loss in the year ended December 31
 2012 (please refer
to the discussion on results of operations below for details).




selling expenses and general &amp; administrative expenses. Generally speaking
 operating expenses occupy only a small
portion of total costs and expenses Selling expenses generally include business development expenses
 sales meeting expenses
loading and handling
 advertising
 sales-related staff salaries and welfare expenses
 and travel expenses. They are usually
relative to sales volume.


the depreciation of office buildings and equipment
 office expenses and supplies
 and management and administrative salaries. These
expenses are typically fixed. General and administrative expenses may increase
 as we revise our organizational structure and improve
our management systems and internal control system and processes.




and Faith Winner (BVI) is incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands.&nbsp;&nbsp;We conduct all our operations under
certain contractual arrangements with Yanglin
 a PRC company.


we do not anticipate incurring significant United States income tax liability for the foreseeable future because:


We do not conduct any material business or
maintain any branch office in the United States;


The earnings generated from our non-U.S.
operating companies are generally eligible for a deferral from United States taxation until such earnings are repatriated to the
United States; and


We believe that we will not generate a significant
amount of income inclusions under the income imputation rules applicable to a United States company that owns &quot;controlled
foreign corporations&quot; for United States federal income tax purposes.


 we have made no provision for
U.S. federal income taxes or tax benefits on the undistributed earnings and/or losses.


 a PRC company
 has income tax
liabilities in the PRC. PRC enterprise income tax is calculated based on taxable income determined under PRC tax regulations. In
accordance with Income Tax Law applicable to domestic companies
 we are generally subject to an enterprise income tax rate of 25%.


 as Yanglin has been recognized
as a Key Leading Enterprise in the Industrialization of Agriculture Industry by the PRC&rsquo;s central government
 Yanglin is
entitled to a complete exemption from income taxes until June 2012. Our status is reviewed every two years
 and the last review
was postponed until the end of 2012
 we submitted the application to the relevant PRC authorities which is still in the process
of being reviewed.

    
    



2012.&nbsp; Therefore
 even if Yanglin does not obtain tax exemption benefits
 the group has no income tax expense for 2012.




 2009
 we adopted the
provisions of FASB ASC Topic 815
 &quot;Derivatives and Hedging&quot; (&quot;ASC 815&quot;) (previously ElTF 07-5
 &quot;Determining
Whether an Instrument (or an Embedded Feature) is Indexed to an Entity's Own Stock&quot;). As a result of adopting ASC 815
 warrants
to purchase the Company's common stock previously treated as equity pursuant to the derivative treatment exemption were no longer
afforded equity treatment as there was a down-round protection (full-ratchet down round protection). As a result
 the warrants
are not considered indexed to the Company's own stock
 and as such
 all future changes in the fair value of these warrants will
be recognized currently in earnings until such time as the warrants are exercised or expire.



Year Ended December 31
 2012 Compared with
Year Ended December 31
 2011


restatement of previously issued consolidated financial statements as previously disclosed.

The following table shows the operating
results for the years ended December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011.


    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
56
630
224
57
556
051

    
(59
921
936
(59
680
096

    
(3
291
712
(2
124
045

    
(220
811
(256
921

    
(2
222
372
(2
337
813

    
(5
158
572
    

    
(10
893
467
(4
718
779

    
(1
523
446
(1
315
331

    
31
285
80
460


 net
4
862
3
781

    
1
850
000
(800
000

    
(10
530
766
(6
749
869

    
    
    

    
(10
530
766
(6
749
869

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
49
849
990
81
473
765

    
(52
477
673
(85
964
975

    
(2
627
683
(4
491
210

    
(4
340
450
(3
722
632

    
(6
968
133
(8
213
842


 plant and equipment
(3
045
434
    

    
(10
013
567
(8
213
842

    
    
    

    
(20
544
333
(14
963
711

    
300
919
1
785
197

    
(20
243
414
(13
178
514



    
    






    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
56
630
224
57
556
051
(925
827
    

    
49
849
990
81
473
765
(31
623
775
    

    
106
480
214
139
029
816
(32
549
602
    





    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
52
493
426
67
663
733
(15
170
307
    

    
33
229
201
42
025
611
(8
796
410
    

    
6
680
293
10
225
622
(3
545
329
    

    
1
416
729
1
489
364
(72
635
    

    
3
005
125
3
830
085
(824
960
    

    
9
655
440
13
795
401
(4
139
961
    

    
106
480
214
139
029
816
(32
549
602
    



480
214&nbsp;for the
year ended December 31
 2012
 a decrease of $32
549
602 or 23.41% from $139
029
816 for the year ended December 31
 2011. The significant
decrease in sales revenue was mainly due to the fact that Factory No.3 ceased operation following our receipt of a notice from
Jixian County People&rsquo;s Government which required us to move our Factory No. 3 from its current location by September 30
2012 because the current location of Factory No. 3 was materially interfering with the city&rsquo;s plan of northward expansion.


 following the adverse impact of
global economic crisis
 the index of commodity selling prices suffered a rise for most of the categories of commodities
 including
food. According to data provided by the PRC State Statistics Agency
 from January 2012 to December 2012
 the index of retail prices
of food
 as compared to the same month a year before
 was well over 100
 the lowest being 101.7 in October 2012 and averagely over
104 the rest of the year. However
 this trend had no positive effect on the selling prices of our products in which the average
selling price of soybean meal decreased by 9% compared with 2011
 and 121
257 tons of soybean meal were sold (approximately 49%
of our total output)
 resulting in negative growth rates of -22.42%%. The average selling price of soybean oil and salad oil decreased
by 11% and 12% respectively in 2012. The average selling price of concentrated Soy Protein decreased by 19% in 2012.


of GM soybeans from US and South America
 and such imports reached new peaks from the end of 2010 through 2012. The Chinese Ministry
of Commerce disclosed that the aggregate import volume have reached over 50 million tons in 2010
 an increase of 17.6% over that
of 2009. The aggregate import volume has reached over 57 million tons in 2012
 an increase of approximately 8% compared with 2011.
During the year of 2012 the imported beans were usually sold at prices lower than that of domestically produced soybeans
 representing
a low cost alternative for domestic processors which previously used domestic beans as raw materials. Importation of GM soybeans
significantly influenced price levels in the PRC&rsquo;s domestic market for soybean products.


    
    



of raw materials and the deteriorating market condition of soybean processing industry in China
 we have been facing financial
difficulties in maintaining profitability in our operation. In order to minimize the potential loss
 we have determined to suspend
production in Factory No. 1 and Factory No. 2 since the beginning of 2013. Management expects to resume production by the end of
second quarter in 2013 assuming the market condition of soybean processing has improved.





    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(59
921
936
(59
680
096
241
840
    

    
(52
477
673
(85
964
975
(33
487
302
    

    
(112
399
609
(145
645
071
(33
245
462
    





    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(55
481
836
    
(72
317
386
    
16
835
550
    

    
(35
010
488
    
(43
557
981
    
8
547
493
    

    
(7
034
662
    
(10
682
421
    
3
647
759
    

    
(1
491
186
    
(1
585
991
    
94
805
    

    
(3
197
685
    
(3
817
031
    
619
347
    

    
(10
183
752
    
(13
684
261
    
3
500
509
    

    
(112
399
609
    
(145
645
071
    
33
245
462
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(2
988
410
    
(4
653
653
    
1
665
243
    

    
(1
781
287
    
(1
532
370
    
(248
917
    

    
(354
369
    
(456
799
    
102
430
    

    
(74
457
    
(96
627
    
22
170
    

    
(192
560
    
13
054
    
(205
613
    

    
(528
312
    
111
140
    
(639
452
    

    
(5
919
395
    
(6
615
255
    
695
860
    



    
    



31
 2012&nbsp;decreased by $33
245
462&nbsp;or 22.83% as compared to the year ended December 31
 2011
 from $145
645
071 to $112
399
609;&nbsp;while
% over the same
period. We recorded a gross loss of $5
919
395 in the year ended December 2012. Compared to a gross loss of $6
615
255 in the year
ended December 31
 2011
 the gross loss decreased by $695
860
 and our gross profit margin decreased from-4.76% to -5.56% over
the period.


and South America has effectively kept prices in the PRC&rsquo;s domestic market for soybean products at low levels
 as the products
made from GM imported beans can be sold at much lower prices than their domestic equivalents (please refer to the section &ldquo;Net
Sales&rdquo; above for details).


soybean farmers of large levels of imports at low prices
 the PRC government launched a national strategic reserve purchase from
late 2008 to 2012
 especially in Heilongjiang
 in order to maintain prices of domestic non-GM soybeans and to protect the interests
of domestic farmers. The highest price offered by the government was over 10% higher than the normal market price in our local
area
 thus forcing our cost of raw materials to rise significantly.


affected our gross profit margin from both cost and sales price perspectives
 creating a gross loss. To counter the current difficulties
we have undertaken a series of measures
 including purchasing soybeans with higher water content (which may be cheaper)
 implementing
strict cost-saving policies
 lowering production capacity utilization ratio
 granting many employees temporary non-paid vacations.


 we expect
the situation to improve in the following months
 as we believe it&rsquo;s highly unlikely that the PRC government will implement
the kind of national purchase as mentioned above in 2012 and beyond.&nbsp;Because the government has failed to sell
 through a
series of auctions
 the soybean inventories it built up during the national purchase launched in late 2008 it&rsquo;s reasonable
to say there are great restraints on the government&rsquo;s intention
 ability and resources to conduct further purchases. However
the effects of these factors may be offset by the following factors
 including but not limited to: the reduction in production
volume of the PRC domestic soybean due to unfavorable weather
 the increase in soybean output of United States and South America
which may mean more imports to the PRC
 the change in the exchange rate between RMB and USD.


    
    






    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(220
811
    
(256
921
    
36
110
    

    
(2
222
372
    
(2
337
813
    
115
441
    

    
(5
158
572
    
    
    
(5
158
572
    

    
(7
601
755
    
(2
594
734
    
(5
007
021
    



31
 2012 decreased by $36
110 or 14.05% as compared to the year ended December 31
 2011. This decrease was mainly due to the shrink
in sale volume. The percentage of net sales revenue
 selling expenses were 0.21% for the year ended December 31
 2012.


the year ended December 31
 2012 decreased by $115
441&nbsp;or&nbsp;4.94% over the year ended December 31
 2011. This decrease
was mainly due to the decrease listing in the US expense. As a percentage of net sales
 general and administrative expenses increased
from 1.68% for the year ended December 31
 2011 to 2.09% for the year ended December 31
 2012.


158
572 of impairment
loss recorded for this year was partly caused by the removal of Factory No.3 during the 2012 and also generated by impairment of
idle production line in Factory No. 1 and Factory No. 2. Due to the current market condition where the cost of purchasing soybeans
crops from the local farmers has been consistently increasing. As a result of these increased costs
 we do not have sufficient
operational capital to purchase raw materials to maintain our operation. Consequently
 we currently have ceased production in Factory
No. 1 and Factory No. 2 since the beginning of 2013. This record of impairment loss unfavorably affected the year operating expenses
level in comparison with 2011 and resulted in the rise by 192.97% from $2
594
734 in 2011 to $7
601
755 in 2012.


    
    


Loss
from&nbsp;Operation and Net Loss



    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(10
893
467
    
(4
718
779
    
(6
174
688
    

    
(1
523
446
    
(1
315
331
    
(208
115
    

    
31
285
    
80
460
    
(49
175
    

    
4
862
    
3
781
    
1
081
    

    
1
850
000
    
(800
000
    
2
650
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(10
530
766
    
(6
749
869
    
(3
780
897
    



the year ended December 31
 2011 to the year ended December 31
 2012. As a percentage of net sales
 interest expense was 1.43%
for the year ended December 31
 2012. The changes were mainly caused by a rise in the short-term loans from the bank and the increase
The company has no income tax expense in 2012 due to a
net taxable operating loss.


    
    


Loss from Discontinued Operations and
Net Loss





    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
49
849
990
81
473
765
-31
623
775
    

    
(52
477
673
(85
964
975
33
487
302
    

    
(2
627
683
(4
491
210
1
863
527
    

    
(4
340
450
(3
722
632
-617
818
    

    
(6
968
133
(8
213
842
1
245
709
    


 plant and equipment
(3
045
434
    
-3
045
434
    

    
(10
013
567
(8
213
842
-1
799
725
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(20
544
333
(14
963
711
-5
580
622
    



removed factory No. 3 increased by 21.91% or $1
799
725 to a loss of $10
013
567 for the year ended December 31
 2012
 as compared
to a loss of $8
213
842 for the year ended December 31
 2011. The gross loss of the discontinued operation decreased by 41.9% or
$1.863
527 to $2
627
683 for the year ended December 31
 2012
 as compared to a loss of $4
491
210. This decrease is attributed
to the shorter operating period as the operation of factory no. 3 was terminated in the end of July in 2012 due to the land resumption
by the local government. However
 as the impairment loss of long-lived assets increased by 16.60% or $617
818
 and the loss on
disposal of property
 plant and equipment of $3
045
434 in 2012
 the net loss from discontinued operations are increased by 21.91%
or $1
799
725 in 2012.


$14
963
711 in 2011 to a loss of $20
544
333 in 2012. The sales revenue and gross margin decreased compared to 2011. Consequently
operating margin decreased from negative 3.39% to negative 10.23%.





    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(20
544
333
(14
963
711

    
20
927
366
20
481
557

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(20
544
333
(14
963
711

    
20
927
366
20
481
557

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



for the year ended December 31
 2012 were -$0.98.




 we finance our business with
cash flow from operations and short-term bank loans and we use shareholders&rsquo; equity investments and retained earnings to
meet capital expenditures.


current liabilities
 and our operational cash demand consists mainly of raw materials purchases
 salaries
 production overhead
(auxiliary materials
 utilities) and financing expenses
 of which raw materials (soybean) purchases comprise the majority.


upon purchase of soybeans
 there is a higher than normal need for cash around harvest season. Our pattern of operations is as follows:
(i) we will keep a large cash reserve until early October
 which is harvest time
 and take short-term loans from banks at that
time (ii) we will build up a substantial inventory of soybeans so that for the period through the end&nbsp;of the year and for
the following half year
 we will have sufficient raw materials to maintain operations and convert finished products to cash
 and
(iii) we will repay the short-term loans by the end of July or August the following year.


the past several years
 we are currently experiencing financial difficulties. We have applied for a credit line from the Agricultural
Development Bank to maintain our operation in 2013. We believe that this may be sufficient for our future working capital needs
at current operation and capacity levels
 for the next twelve months.





Circumstances under which the funds can be borrowed: The funds provided by this credit line can be
used to purchase soybean&nbsp;crops.

Additional approvals that may be required: When Yanglin applies to actually use the funds
 the bank
confirms the conditions and/or circumstances of the loan
 and reports to the appropriate higher level within the bank to verify
examine and approve such applications
 before actually releasing any funds to Yanglin under the maximum credit line.

The interest rate is 5.56%
 subject to adjustment. When the People&rsquo;s Bank of China adjusts the
interest rate of loans
 the bank has the right and discretion to adjust the interest rate of loans accordingly.

The loans would be secured by Yanglin&rsquo;s assets
 i.e.
 building
 machinery and land use rights.

Other material terms are: Secured loan shall have preference over credit loan;&nbsp;The Company shall
purchase insurance for pledged assets
 with the bank having first priority.


by many factors
 including the fluctuation of raw material prices
 cash flow
 competition
 relationships with suppliers or customers
and the availability of credit facilities and financing alternatives. Under the current operating level
 we can satisfy this demand
with short-term loans from banks
 under the credit line and our own cash reserves
 within the next twelve months.


    
    





for the year ended December 31
 2012 was $6
220
380
 while cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31
 2011
was $4
171
124. The difference was a result of many factors
 the most important of which was a significant decrease level of advances
to suppliers along with a decrease on the level of trade receivables which were caused by unfavorable soybean market price.


 as we sell primarily
on a cash basis
 with negligible trade receivables
 and usually sell our products a few days after they are produced.




for the year ended December 31
 2012 was $0
 compared to $37
707 for the year ended December 31
 2011. The major reason for this
change was that we made payments for the purchase of fixed assets last year and there is no similar transaction this year.&nbsp;




$22
538
458 for the year ended December 31
 2012
 compared to net cash used in financing activities of $3
798
675 for the year
ended December 31
 2011. The amount of net cash used&nbsp;for the year ended December 31
 2012 includes $1
425
946 for repayment
of long term bank loans and $21
071
202 of repayment of short term bank loans for the working capital.




110
706
at December 31
 2012
 as compared to $22
017
771 at December 31
 2011. These loans are used to satisfy working capital needs
 mainly
related to the purchase of raw materials.


was approximately $1
426
624 on December 31
 2012
 while at the end of 2011 was $2
830
856. The change was due to the repayment
of the bank loans in 2012.




liabilities as at December 31
 2012.




 2009
 the Company adopted
changes issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) to the authoritative hierarchy of GAAP. These changes
establish the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) as the source of authoritative accounting principles recognized
by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP. Rules
and interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) under authority of federal securities laws
are also sources of authoritative GAAP for SEC registrants. The FASB will no longer issue new standards in the form of Statements
FASB Staff Positions (&ldquo;FSP&rdquo;)
 or Emerging Issues Task Force Abstracts; instead the FASB will issue Accounting Standards
Updates (&ldquo;ASUs&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp;ASUs will not be authoritative in their own right as they will only serve to update the
ASC. These changes and the ASC itself do not change GAAP. Other than the manner in which new accounting guidance is referenced
the adoption of these changes had no impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.


    
    



financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to exercise its judgment. We exercise considerable judgment with respect to establishing sound accounting policies and in making
estimates and&nbsp;assumptions that affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities
 our recognition of revenues and
expenses
 and disclosure of commitments and contingencies at the date of the financial statements.


 we evaluate our estimates
and judgments. Areas in which we exercise significant judgment include
 but are not necessarily limited to
 the estimated useful
lives for amortizable intangible assets and property
 plant and equipment
 and fair value of warrants granted in connection with
various financing transactions in circumstances where the use of that accounting method is deemed to be appropriate. The long-lived
assets held and used by the Group are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of changes
in technologies or situations related to the industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;Determination of recoverability of assets to be held and used
is done by&nbsp;comparing the carrying amount of an asset to the future net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the asset.
If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment losses to be recognized are measured by the amount by which the carrying
amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount
or fair value less estimated costs of disposal.


a variety of factors including our historical experience
 knowledge of our business and industry
 current and expected economic
conditions
 the attributes of our services and products and the regulatory environment. We periodically re-evaluate our estimates
and assumptions with respect to these judgments and modify our approach when circumstances indicate that modifications are necessary.


provide us with a meaningful basis for establishing and applying sound accounting policies
 we cannot guarantee that the results
will always be accurate. Since the determination of these estimates requires the exercise of judgment
 actual results could differ
from such estimates.


 2012
 there
were no material changes to these policies.




in the PRC. Accordingly
 the Group&rsquo;s business
 financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political
economic and legal environment in the PRC
 and by the general state of the PRC economy
 so the Group&rsquo;s operations are subject
to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These
include risks associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Group&rsquo;s
results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
 and by changes in governmental
policies with respect to laws and regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates and
methods of taxation
 among other things.




the cost of inventories on a monthly basis to compensate for the frequent fluctuation in soybean prices.


    
    





events or circumstances occur that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. We consider a property to be impaired when
the sum of future undiscounted cash flows during our remaining estimated holding period is less than the carrying value of the
asset. For impaired assets
 we record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the property&rsquo;s carrying value over its
fair value.




 2009
 we adopted the
provisions of FASB ASC Topic 815
 &quot;Derivatives and Hedging&quot; (&quot;ASC 815&quot;) (previously ElTF 07-5
 &quot;Determining
Whether an Instrument (or an Embedded Feature) is Indexed to an Entity's Own Stock&quot;). As a result of adopting ASC 815
 warrants
to purchase the Company's common stock previously treated as equity pursuant to the derivative treatment exemption were no longer
afforded equity treatment as there was a down-round protection (full-ratchet down round protection). As a result
 the warrants
are not considered indexed to the Company's own stock
 and as such
 all future changes in the fair value of these warrants will
be recognized currently in earnings until such time as the warrants are exercised or expire.


 effective January 1
 2009
 the
Company reclassified the fair value of these warrants from equity to liability
 as if these warrants were treated as a derivative
liability since their issuance in October 2007.




 the FASB issued ASU 2011-01
&ldquo;Receivables (Topic 310): Deferral of the Effective Date of Disclosures about Troubled Debt Restructurings in Update No.
2010-20&rdquo;
 which temporarily delay the effective date of the disclosures about troubled debt restructurings in ASU No. 2010-20
Receivables (Topic 310): Disclosures about the Credit Quality of Financing Receivables and the Allowance for Credit Losses
 for
public entities. The delay is intended to allow the FASB time to complete its deliberations on what constitutes a troubled debt
restructuring. The effective date of the new disclosures about troubled debt restructurings for public entities and the guidance
for determining what constitutes a troubled debt restructuring will then be coordinated. Currently
 that guidance is anticipated
to be effective for interim and annual periods ending after June 15
 2011. The deferral in ASU 2011-01 is effective January 19
2011 (date of issuance).


 the FASB issued ASU 2011-02
&ldquo;A Creditor&rsquo;s Determination of Whether a Restructuring is a Troubled Debt Restructuring&rdquo;
 which clarifies when
creditors should classify loan modifications as troubled debt restructurings. The guidance is effective for interim and annual
periods beginning on or after June 15
 2011
 and applies retrospectively to restructurings occurring on or after the beginning
of the year. The guidance on measuring the impairment of a receivable restructured in a troubled debt restructuring is effective
on a prospective basis. A provision in ASU 2011-02 also ends the FASB&rsquo;s deferral of the additional disclosures about troubled
debt restructurings as required by ASU 2010-20. The adoption of ASU 2011-02 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s
financial condition or results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2011-03
Consideration of Effective Control on Repurchase Agreements
 which deals with the accounting for repurchase agreements and other
agreements that both entitle and obligate a transferor to repurchase or redeem financial assets before their maturity. ASU 2011-03
changes the rules for determining when these transactions should be accounted for as financings
 as opposed to sales. The guidance
in ASU 2011-03 is effective for the first interim or annual period beginning on or after December 15
 2011. The guidance should
be applied prospectively to transactions or modifications of existing transactions that occur on or after the effective date. Early
adoption is not permitted. The adoption of ASU 2011-03 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial
condition or results of operation.


    
    



 the FASB issued ASU 2011-04
Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP
and International Financial Reporting Standards (&ldquo;IFRS&rdquo;). ASU 2011-04 clarifies some existing concepts
 eliminates
wording differences between U.S. GAAP and IFRS
 and in some limited cases
 changes some principles to achieve convergence between
U.S. GAAP and IFRS. ASU 2011-04 results in a consistent definition of fair value and common requirements for measurement of and
disclosure about fair value between U.S. GAAP and IFRS. ASU 2011-04 also expands the disclosures for fair value measurements that
are estimated using significant unobservable (Level 3) inputs. ASU 2011-04 will be effective for the Company beginning after December
15
 2011. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2011-04 to have a material effect on its operating results or financial
position.


 the Financial Accounting Standard
Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standard Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) 2011-05
 Presentation of Comprehensive Income
which requires an entity to present the total of comprehensive income
 the components of net income
 and the components of other
comprehensive income either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income
 or in two separate but consecutive statements.
ASU 2011-05 eliminates the option to present components of other comprehensive income as part of the statement of equity. ASU 2011-05
will be effective for the Company beginning after December 15
 2011. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2011-05 to
have a material effect on its operating results or financial position. However
 it will impact the presentation of comprehensive
income.


 the FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2011-06
 Other Expenses (Topic 720): Fees Paid to the Federal Government by Health Insurers. This ASU
amends the FASB Accounting Standards CodificationTM (Codification) to provide guidance about how health insurers should recognize
and classify in their income statements fees mandated by the &quot;Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
&quot; as amended
by the &quot;Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act.&quot; ASU 2011-06 represents a consensus of the EITF on Issue No. 10-H
&ldquo;Fees Paid to the Federal Government by Health Insurers.&rdquo; ASU 2011-06 requires that the liability for the fee be estimated
and recorded in full once the entity provides qualifying health insurance in the applicable calendar year in which the fee is
payable with a corresponding deferred cost that is amortized to expense using a straight-line method of allocation unless another
method better allocates the fee over the calendar year that it is payable. ASU 2011-06 is effective for calendar years beginning
after December 31
 2013
 when the fee initially becomes effective.


 the FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2011-07
 Health Care Entities (Topic 954): Presentation and Disclosure of Patient Service Revenue
 Provision
for Bad Debts
 and the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts for Certain Health Care Entities. The ASU represents a consensus of the
EITF on Issue No. 09-H
 &ldquo;Health Care Entities: Presentation and Disclosure of Net Revenue
 Provision for Bad Debts
 and the
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts.&rdquo; The amendments in this ASU require certain health care entities to change the presentation
in their statement of operations by reclassifying the provision for bad debts associated with patient service revenue from an operating
expense to a deduction from patient service revenue (net of contractual allowances and discounts). Additionally
 those health care
entities are required to provide enhanced disclosure about their policies for recognizing revenue and assessing bad debts. The
amendments also require disclosures of patient service revenue (net of contractual allowances and discounts) as well as qualitative
and quantitative information about changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts. For public entities
 the amendments in this
ASU are effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2011
 with early
adoption permitted. For nonpublic entities
 the amendments are effective for the first annual period ending after December 15
2012
 and interim and annual periods thereafter
 with early adoption permitted. The amendments to the presentation of the provision
for bad debts related to patient service revenue in the statement of operations should be applied retrospectively to all prior
periods presented. The disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU should be provided for the period of adoption and subsequent
reporting periods.


    
    



 the FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2011-08
 Intangibles&mdash;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Goodwill for Impairment. ASU 2011-08
is intended to simplify how entities
 both public and nonpublic
 test goodwill for impairment. ASU 2011-08 permits an entity to
first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is &quot;more likely than not&quot; that the fair value of a reporting
unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment
test described in Topic 350
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other. The more-likely-than-not threshold is defined as having a likelihood
of more than 50%. ASU 2011-08 is effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2011. Early adoption is permitted
 including for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed as of
a date before September 15
 2011
 if an entity&rsquo;s financial statements for the most recent annual or interim period have not
yet been issued or
 for nonpublic entities
 have not yet been made available for issuance.


 the FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2011-09
 Compensation-Retirement Benefits-Multiemployer Plans (Subtopic 715-80): Disclosures about an
Employer&rsquo;s Participation in a Multiemployer Plan. ASU 2011-09 is intended to address concerns from various users of financial
statements on the lack of transparency about an employer&rsquo;s participation in a multiemployer pension plan. Users of financial
statements have requested additional disclosure to increase awareness of the commitments and risks involved with participating
in multiemployer pension plans. The amendments in this ASU will require additional disclosures about an employer&rsquo;s participation
in a multiemployer pension plan. Previously
 disclosures were limited primarily to the historical contributions made to the plans.
ASU 2011-09 applies to nongovernmental entities that participate in multiemployer plans. For public entities
 ASU 2011-09 is effective
for annual periods for fiscal years ending after December 15
 2011. For nonpublic entities
 ASU 2011-09 is effective for annual
periods for fiscal years ending after December 15
 2012. Early adoption is permissible for both public and nonpublic entities.
ASU 2011-09 should be applied retrospectively for all prior periods presented.


 the FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2011-10
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Derecognition of in Substance Real Estate-a Scope
Clarification. ASU No. 2011-10 is intended to resolve the diversity in practice about whether the guidance in Subtopic 360-20
Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&mdash;Real Estate Sales
 applies to a parent that ceases to have a controlling financial interest
(as described in Subtopic 810-10
 Consolidation&mdash;Overall) in a subsidiary that is in substance real estate as a result of
default on the subsidiary&rsquo;s nonrecourse debt. This Update does not address whether the guidance in Subtopic 360-20 would
apply to other circumstances when a parent ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary that is in substance
real estate. ASU 2011-10 should be applied on a prospective basis to deconsolidation events occurring after the effective date;
with prior periods not adjusted even if the reporting entity has continuing involvement with previously derecognized in substance
real estate entities. For public entities
 ASU 2011-10 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning
on or after June 15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 ASU 2011-10 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15
 2013
 and
interim and annual periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted.


    
    



 the FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2011-11
 Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities. ASU No. 2011-11
is intended to provide enhanced disclosures that will enable users of its financial statements to evaluate the effect or potential
effect of netting arrangements on an entity&rsquo;s financial position. This includes the effect or potential effect of rights
of setoff associated with an entity&rsquo;s recognized assets and recognized liabilities within the scope of this Update. The amendments
require enhanced disclosures by requiring improved information about financial instruments and derivative instruments that are
either (1) offset in accordance with either Section 210-20-45 or Section 815-10-45 or (2) subject to an enforceable master netting
arrangement or similar agreement
 irrespective of whether they are offset in accordance with either Section 210-20-45 or Section
815-10-45. An entity is required to apply the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and
interim periods within those annual periods. An entity should provide the disclosures required by those amendments retrospectively
for all comparative periods presented.


 the FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2011-12
 Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Deferral of the Effective Date for Amendments to the Presentation
of Reclassifications of Items Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income in Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-05. ASU No.
2011-11 is intended to supersede certain pending paragraphs in Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-05
Comprehensive Income (Topic
220): Presentation of Comprehensive Income
 to effectively defer only those changes in Update 2011-05 that relate to the presentation
of reclassification adjustments out of accumulated other comprehensive income. The amendments will be temporary to allow the Board
time to redeliberate the presentation requirements for reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income for annual
and interim financial statements for public
 private
 and non-profit entities. All other requirements in ASU No. 2011-05 are not
affected by ASU No. 2011-12
 including the requirement to report comprehensive income either in a single continuous financial statement
or in two separate but consecutive financial statements. Public entities should apply these requirements for fiscal years
 and
interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2011. Nonpublic entities should begin applying these requirements
for fiscal years ending after December 15
 2012
 and interim and annual periods thereafter.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) No. 2012-01
 Health Care Entities (Topic 954): Continuing Care Retirement Communities &mdash; Refundable Advance Fees.
This ASU clarifies that an entity should classify an advance fee as deferred revenue when a continuing care retirement community
has a resident contract that provides for payment of the refundable advance fee upon reoccupancy by a subsequent resident
 which
is limited to the proceeds of reoccupancy. Refundable advance fees that are contingent upon reoccupancy by a subsequent resident
but are not limited to the proceeds of reoccupancy should be accounted for and reported as a liability. For public entities (including
conduit bond obligors)
 the amendments in ASU No. 2012-01 are effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For
nonpublic entities
 the amendments to the codification in the ASU are effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
2013. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in ASU No. 2012-01 should be applied retrospectively by recording a cumulative-effect
adjustment to opening retained earnings (or unrestricted net assets) as of the beginning of the earliest period presented.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) No. 2012-02
 Intangibles&mdash;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment.
This ASU states that an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events
and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
 after assessing
the totality of events and circumstances
 an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible
asset is impaired
 then the entity is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is
required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing
the fair value with the carrying amount in accordance with Codification Subtopic 350-30
 Intangibles&mdash;Goodwill and Other
General Intangibles Other than Goodwill. Under the guidance in this ASU
 an entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative
assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment
test. An entity will be able to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments in this ASU
are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012. Early adoption
is permitted
 including for annual and interim impairment tests performed as of a date before July 27
 2012
 if a public entity&rsquo;s
financial statements for the most recent annual or interim period have not yet been issued or
 for nonpublic entities
 have not
yet been made available for issuance.


 FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-03
 Technical Amendments and Corrections to SEC Sections. This ASU amends various SEC paragraphs
pursuant to SAB 114
 SEC Release No. 33-9250
 and ASU 2010-22
 which amend or rescind portions of certain SAB Topics.


    
    



 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) No. 2012-04
 Technical Corrections and Improvements. This ASU make technical corrections
 clarifications
 and limited-scope
improvements to various Topics throughout the Codification. The amendments in this ASU that will not have transition guidance will
be effective upon issuance for both public entities and nonpublic entities. For public entities
 the amendments that are subject
to the transition guidance will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the
amendments that are subject to the transition guidance will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2013.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) No. 2012-05
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230). This ASU addresses how cash receipts arising from the sale of certain
donated financial assets
 such as securities
 should be classified in the statement of cash flows of not-for-profit entities (NFPs).
Some NFPs classify those cash receipts as investing cash inflows
 while other entities classify them as either operating cash inflows
or financing cash inflows
 consistent with their treatment of inflows arising from cash contributions. The objective of this Update
is for an NFP to classify cash receipts from the sale of donated financial assets consistently with cash donations received in
the statement of cash flows if those cash receipts were from the sale of donated financial assets that upon receipt were directed
without the NFP imposing any limitations for sale and were converted nearly immediately into cash. The amendments in the ASU are
effective prospectively for fiscal years
 and interim fiscal periods within those years
 beginning after June 15
 2013. Retrospective
application to all periods presented upon the date of adoption is permitted. Early adoption from the beginning of the fiscal year
of adoption is permitted.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) No. 2012-06
 Business Combinations (Topic 805): Subsequent Accounting for an Indemnification Asset Recognized at the
Acquisition Date as a Result of a Government-Assisted Acquisition of a Financial Institution. This ASU addresses the diversity
in practice about how to interpret the terms on the same basis and contractual limitations when subsequently measuring an indemnification
asset recognized in a government-assisted (Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or National Credit Union Administration) acquisition
of a financial institution that includes a loss-sharing agreement (indemnification agreement). For public and nonpublic entities
the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after December
15
 2012. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied prospectively to any new indemnification assets acquired
after the date of adoption and to indemnification assets existing as of the date of adoption arising from a government-assisted
acquisition of a financial institution.


 FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-07
 Entertainment&mdash;Films (Topic 926): Accounting for Fair Value Information That Arises after
the Measurement Date and Its Inclusion in the Impairment Analysis of Unamortized Film Costs. This ASU eliminates the rebuttable
presumption that the conditions leading to the write-off of unamortized film costs after the balance sheet date existed as of the
balance sheet date. The amendments also eliminate the requirement that an entity incorporate into fair value measurements used
in the impairment tests the effects of any changes in estimates resulting from the consideration of subsequent evidence if the
information would not have been considered by market participants at the measurement date. or SEC filers
 the amendments are effective
for impairment assessments performed on or after December 15
 2012. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for impairment
assessments performed on or after December 15
 2013. The amendments resulting from this ASU should be applied prospectively. Earlier
application is permitted
 including for impairment assessments performed as of a date before October 24
 2012
 if
 for SEC filers
the entity&rsquo;s financial statements for the most recent annual or interim period have not yet been issued or
 for all other
entities
 have not yet been made available for issuance.


    
    


Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements




and commitments that include future estimated payments.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in our business needs
 cancellation provisions
 changing
interest rates
 and other factors may result in actual payments differing from the estimates. We cannot provide certainty regarding
the timing and amounts of payments. We have presented below a summary of the most significant assumptions used in our determination
of amounts presented in the tables
 in order to assist in the review of this information within the context of our consolidated
financial position
 results of operations
 and cash flows.


obligations as of December 31
 2012
 and the effect these obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future
periods.



    
    

    
                                                                        
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
051
123
1
472
403
1
529
274
49
446
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    











relates to the interest income generated by excess cash invested in demand deposits. We have not used derivative financial instruments
in our investment portfolio in order to reduce interest rate risk. Interest earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate
risk. We have not been exposed nor do we anticipate being exposed&nbsp;to material risks due to changes in interest rates.




 and
its value is effectively denominated in Renminbi. The fluctuation of foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and Renminbi could
affect the value of our common stock. Our revenues and expenses are primarily denominated in Renminbi
 and so our exposure to foreign
exchange risks should generally be limited. We do not have material monetary assets and liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars
although to the extent that we do in the future
 the fluctuation of foreign exchange rate would affect the value of these monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars. Generally
 appreciation of Renminbi against U.S. dollars will devalue the assets
and liabilities denominated in U.S. dollar
 while devaluation of Renminbi again U.S. dollars will appreciate the assets and liabilities
denominated in U.S. dollar. In the PRC
 very limited hedging transactions are available to reduce our exposure to exchange rate
fluctuations. To date
 we have not entered into any hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to foreign currency
exchange risk. While we may decide to enter into hedging transactions in the future
 the availability and effectiveness of these
hedges may be limited and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all.


    
    



RMB revaluation has generally been positive
 there remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt an
even more flexible currency policy
 which could result in a further and more significant appreciation of the RMB against the U.S.
dollar. We use the U.S. dollar as the&nbsp;reporting currency for our financial statements. Fluctuations in exchange rates
 primarily
those involving the U.S. dollar
 may affect our costs and operating margins as well as our net income reported in U.S. dollars.
Conversely
 if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends for business purposes
appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to us.




modified soybean-based products in the PRC. Our main raw materials are commodities. Our exposure to commodity price risk is directly
related to fluctuations of PRC domestic market and indirectly related to that of international market. To date
 we have not entered
into any hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to commodity price risk.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk






Financial Statement Schedules&rdquo; of this report.

Item 9.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes In and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 






disclosure controls or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and fraud. A control system
 no matter
how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 but no absolute
 assurance that the objectives of a control system
are met. Further
 any control system reflects limitations on resources
 and the benefits of a control system must be considered
relative to its costs. These limitations also include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns
can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
by collusion of two or more people or by management override of a control. A design of a control system is also based upon certain
assumptions about potential future conditions; over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.






under the Securities Exchange Act
 our management has carried out an evaluation
 with the participation and under the supervision
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31

and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities
Exchange Act is (i) recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the
SEC and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
as appropriate

controls and procedures
 management recognizes that any controls and procedures
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can
provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives
 and management is required to apply its judgment
in evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. Management conducted its evaluation of disclosure controls and
procedures under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our chief financial officer. Based upon
 and as of the date
of this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of December 31
 2012
 our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our internal control
over financial reporting described below.


    
    



Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control over Financial




and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities
Exchange Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (&ldquo;Section 404&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp; Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;In making this
assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)&nbsp;in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on our evaluation
 our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer have concluded that as of December&nbsp;31
 2012
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to
the identification of the following material weaknesses


No mechanism had been established for directors and management of the Company to make declarations
in relation to related parties and any conflicts of interest regarding the Company's operations that they may have.

There was no internal audit exercises performed
 nor did the Company have formal policies and plan for regular internal audit
exercise.

The Company did not maintain personnel with a sufficient level of accounting knowledge
 experience
and training in the application of US GAAP and SEC requirements.

Management&rsquo;s Remediation
 Initiatives
and Interim Measures


 the Company will
implement a system for directors and management to make annual declaration as to whether or not we have or are aware of any related
parties and conflicts of interest
 and to provide information on any such cases.


Audit Department to perform internal audit to identify the risk of non-compliance with the Company&rsquo;s policies at an early
stage.


accounting consulting firm to provide training to our own accounting staff on the selection and application of U.S. GAAP and related

training and educating our accounting staffs.


 or a
combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.




an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management&rsquo;s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.


    
    


(c) Changes in Internal Controls over
Financial Reporting


 2012
there was no other change in our internal controls over financial reporting
 except as described above
 that has materially affected
or that is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


 no matter how well conceived
and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control systems are met. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control
issues
 if any
 within a company have been detected. Such limitations include the fact that human judgment in decision-making
can be faulty and that breakdowns in internal control can occur because of human failures
 such as simple errors or mistakes or
intentional circumvention of the established process.







Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance 




about our executive officers and directors. Our directors serve one-year terms or until their successors are elected. Officers
serve at the discretion of the board of directors.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Financial Officer of the Company on December 26
 2011.

    
    




Committee.

Corporate Governance Committee.


information of our directors and officers:


 is founder
 Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Yanglin. Mr. Liu is involved in Yanglin&rsquo;s overall management and is responsible for establishing
strategic directions. From 2002 to present
 Mr. Liu has been the Chief Executive Officer
 Chairman and Director of Yanglin when
its name&nbsp;was changed. From 2001 to 2002
 he jointly established Jixian County Golden Land Oil Company Limited (predecessor
to Yanglin) with Ms. Huanqin Ding and Mr. Shulin Liu and had been the Chief Executive Officer
 Chairman and a Director. From 1996-2000
he was manager of Jinxian County Longfu Food &amp; Oil Trade Co. Ltd.
 Xiwang Feed Company
 Jixian County Tianlin Food &amp; Oil
Co. Ltd in Jixian County. From 1992 to 1996
 Mr. Liu was appointed General Manager of Jixian Construction Material Food and Oil
Trading Company. Prior to that
 from 1983-1992
 Mr. Liu assumed the positions of supervisor at the Shuangyashan Jixian County Land
Authority
 supervisor of the Minerals Resources Management Station
 and manager of Labor Service Company of Land Bureau of Jixian
County. From 1980 to 1983
 Mr. Liu worked as a government officer in Shuangyashan Jixian County
 Fuli Town. Mr. Liu holds a Master
degree in Enterprise Management from Heilongjiang University.

 was appointed as the Chief
Financial Officer of the Company by the Board of Directors of the Company effectively on December 26
 2011. Prior to his appointment
as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 served as an auditor at Baker Tilly
 Beijing
 China from October 2010 through October
2011
 where he prepared audit papers
 drafted and reviewed consolidated audit reports and notes and implemented and reviewed testing
procedures relating to sales
 procurement and production.&nbsp;&nbsp;From September 2009 through September 2010
 Mr. Yang served
as a Deputy Manager at LSC Business Consulting (Tianjin) Co.
 Ltd.&nbsp;&nbsp;From January 2008 through September 2008
 Mr. Yang
served as the Chief Accountant to Maxwell Alves Solicitors
 London
 United Kingdom.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Yang received a Master of Science
in International Accounting from the Anglia Ruskin University
 UK in July 2009 and attended the London College of Accountancy from
January 2004 through July 2007.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Yang is a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants.


joined
Yanglin as its Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in 2006. Mr. Guo is responsible for sales and operations and assists
Mr. Shulin Liu
 Yanglin&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 in the strategic planning and the development of Yanglin. Prior to joining
Yanglin
 Mr. Guo was the Vice President of Qingdao Haoke Family Products Company (daily housekeeping products company
 such as
soap and detergent) between 2004 and 2005.From 2001 to 2004
 he was an&nbsp;Assistant Manager at Heilongjiang Sanjiang Food Company
(manufacturing soybean products). He also worked in Shanghai Yikun Food Company as its General Manager from 1999 to 2001. From
1994 to 1999
 Mr. Guo worked in various companies such as Hainan Longhua&nbsp;Company
&nbsp;China Xingnan Company and Heilongjiang
Eight One Farm University as their Finance Manager. He graduated from Bayi Agriculture Development University of Heilongjiang
Province with a degree in Enterprise Management and became a qualified accountant in the PRC in 1993.&nbsp;

&nbsp;was appointed
as an independent director since March 2009. He has served as the President of Soybean Research &amp; Development Center of Heilongjiang
Province since November 2005.&nbsp;&nbsp;He has also been the Vice President of Northeastern Agriculture University since September
2007.&nbsp;&nbsp;He was the section chief for Development and Planning in Science &amp; Technology division of Heilongjiang Provincial
government from March 1998 to November 2005.&nbsp;&nbsp;He obtained his Medical Doctor&rsquo;s degree from Harbin Medical University
in 1983.


    
    



 was appointed Yanglin&rsquo;s
President and General Manager in March 2007. He is responsible for Yanglin&rsquo;s day-to-day operations. Mr. Liu has a strong
background in financial management. He worked as chief internal auditor of the Central Bank of Ji Xian County between 1986 and
1989. He was the vice president of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
 Ji Xian County between 1989 and 2001. From January
2002 to May 2005
 he was the President of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
 Jianshan Branch and from May 2005 to February
2007
 he was President of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
 Dianchang Branch. Mr. Liu graduated from Harbin Senior Finance
College
 majoring in Finance.


 joined Yanglin as Chief
Accountant in 2003. Ms. Xia is primarily responsible for Yanglin&rsquo;s accounting and financial operations as well as its reporting
requirements. Prior to joining Yanglin
 Ms. Xia was the Finance Manager of Jixian Drying Tobacco Leaf Factory from 1991-2002. She
also held various positions in Jixian Steel and Iron Factory including Finance Manager from 1986 to 1990
 and Finance Supervisor
from 1970 to 1983. Between 1983 and 1986
 Ms. Xia pursued and obtained a Junior College degree from Jiamusi Engineering College.


our directors and executive officers except that Yulin Liu is the first cousin of Shulin Liu. There is no arrangement or understanding
between or among our executive officers and directors pursuant to which any director or officer was or is to be selected as a director
or officer
 and there is no arrangement
 plan or understanding as to whether non-management shareholders will exercise their voting
rights to continue to elect the current board of directors.




professional reputations and experience in areas relevant to the strategy and operations of our businesses.&nbsp;&nbsp;We seek
directors who possess the qualities of integrity and candor
 who have strong analytical skills and who are willing to engage management
and each other in a constructive and collaborative fashion.&nbsp;&nbsp;We also seek directors who have the ability and commitment
to devote significant time and energy to service on the Board and its committees.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that all of our directors
meet the foregoing qualifications.


backgrounds that are relevant to our industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain of our directors have backgrounds in accounting
 public company
reporting
 compliance and management.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that the backgrounds and skills of our directors bring a diverse range
of perspectives to the Board.


Committee and the Board believe that the leadership skills and other experiences of its Board members
 as described below
 provide
the Company with a range of perspectives and judgment necessary to guide our strategies and monitor their execution.

:&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Liu Shulin
has extensive PRC business experience and being a founder of the Company has enabled him to lead the Board throughout the development
of the Company.

:&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Xiao Feng
served as the President of Soybean Research &amp; Development Center of Heilongjiang Province in China and his extensive research
with agriculture companies in the China enables him to contribute significantly to the Board and to take up the responsibility
of chairmanship of our Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee.

: Mr. Guo worked in various companies such
as Hainan Longhua Company
 China Xingnan Company and Heilongjiang Eight One Farm University as their Finance Manager. He graduated
from Bayi Agriculture Development University of Heilongjiang Province with a degree in Enterprise Management and became a qualified
accountant in the PRC in 1993.


    
    






Liu&rsquo;s service as both Director and Chief Executive Officer is in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders. Mr.
Liu possesses detailed and in-depth knowledge of the issues
 opportunities and challenges facing the Company and its business and
is&nbsp;thus best positioned to develop agendas that ensure that the Board&rsquo;s time and attention are focused on the most critical
matters. His combined role enables decisive leadership
 ensures clear accountability
 and enhances the Company&rsquo;s ability
to communicate its message and strategy clearly and consistently to the Company&rsquo;s shareholders
 employees
 customers and
suppliers.




not
 during the past ten years:&nbsp;




    
    
had any bankruptcy petition foiled by or against any business of which was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time





    
    
been convicted in a criminal proceeding and is not subject to a pending criminal proceeding





    
    
been subject to any order
 judgment or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities
 futures
 commodities or banking activities; or




    
    
been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Securities Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended or vacated.




Meetings of the Board of Directors and
Committees

The Board of

Committee held no meetings in 2012.&nbsp;The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held no meetings in 2012. Each director
is expected to attend meetings of our Board of Directors and meetings of committees of our Board of Directors of which he is a
member
 and to spend the time necessary to properly discharge his respective duties and responsibilities. No director attended
less than 75% of the meetings of any committee of which the director was a member.




 a Compensation
Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Board created the three committees and adopted charters for
all of such committees on March 9
 2009. Mr. Feng currently serves as the sole member of the Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee
and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Feng is an independent director within the meaning of NASDAQ Listing Rule
5605(a)(2). The Audit Committee currently does not have at least one member
 who meets the definition of a &ldquo;financial expert&rdquo;
under SEC rules and whom the Board determined to be &ldquo;independent&rdquo;.


    
    





of Mr. Xiao Feng. Mr. Xiao Feng
 is &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as that term is defined by SEC rules and under the NASDAQ listing
standards. The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment
 retention
 compensation and oversight of the work of
any registered public accounting firm employed by the Company (including resolution of disagreements between management and the
accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work or performing
other audit
 review or other services. The Audit Committee has the ultimate authority and responsibility to evaluate and
 where
appropriate
 replace the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has the authority to review and approve
transactions between the Company and its directors
 officers and affiliates.




the Board of Directors in its oversight of the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting process. As set forth in the Audit Committee
charter
 management of the Company is responsible for the preparation
 presentation and integrity of the Company&rsquo;s financial
statements
 accounting and financial reporting principles and internal controls and procedures designed to assure compliance with
accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations. The independent auditors are responsible for auditing the Company&rsquo;s
financial statements and expressing an opinion as to their conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.


the Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December
31
 2012 with management
 and has discussed with the independent auditors the matters required to be discussed by Statement of
Auditing Standards No. 61
 Communication with Audit Committee
 as currently in effect. The Audit Committee has received the written
disclosures and the letter from the independent auditors required by Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1
 Independence
Discussions with Audit Committees
 as currently in effect
 and has discussed with the independent auditors the independent auditors&rsquo;
independence; and based on the review and discussions referred above
 the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors
that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31
 2012 for filing with the SEC.


not professionally engaged in the practice of auditing or accounting
 are not experts in the fields of accounting or auditing
including in respect of auditor independence. Members of the Committee rely without independent verification on the information
provided to them and on the representations made by management and the independent accountants. Accordingly
 the Audit Committee&rsquo;s
oversight does not provide an independent basis to determine that management has maintained appropriate accounting and financial
reporting principles or appropriate internal control and procedures designed to assure compliance with accounting standards and
applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore
 the Audit Committee&rsquo;s consideration and discussions referred to above do not
assure that the audit of the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements has been carried out in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles or that the Company&rsquo;s auditors are in fact &ldquo;independent&rdquo;.


 review and discussions
described in this report
 and subject to the limitations on the role and responsibilities of the Committee referred to above and
in the Charter
 the Committee recommended to the Board that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in the Company&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
 be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.


    
    









for the administration of all salary
 bonus and incentive compensation plans for our officers and key employees. The sole member
of the Compensation Committee is Xiao Feng who is an &ldquo;independent&rdquo; director.




Committee is responsible for preparing the list of candidates to fill the expiring terms of directors on our Board of Directors.
The committee submits the list of candidates to the Board of Directors who determines which candidates will be nominated to serve
on the Board of Directors. The nominees are then submitted for election at the annual meeting of stockholders. The committee also
submits to the entire Board of Directors
 a list of candidates to fill any interim vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting
from the departure of a member of the Board of Directors for any reason prior to the expiration of his term. In recommending candidates
for the Board of Directors
 the committee keeps in mind the functions of this body.


including the ability of the individual to meet SEC and NASDAQ &ldquo;independence&rdquo; requirements
 general business experience
general financial experience
 knowledge of the company&rsquo;s industry (including past industry experience)
 education
 and demonstrated
character and judgment. The committee will consider director candidates recommended by a stockholder if the stockholder mails timely
notice to the secretary of the Company at its principal offices
 which notice includes (i) the name
 age and business address of
such nominee
 (ii) the principal occupation of such nominee
 (iii) a brief statement as to such nominee&rsquo;s qualifications
(iv) a statement that such nominee consents to his or&nbsp;her nomination and will serve as a director if elected
 (v) whether
such nominee meets the definition of an &ldquo;independent&rdquo; director under the SEC rules and under NASDAQ listing standards
and (vi) the name
 address
 class and number of shares of company stock held by the nominating stockholder.


election to the Board of Directors will be evaluated based on the same criteria as all other nominees. The committee also oversees
our adherence to our corporate governance standards. The sole member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is Mr.
Xiao Feng.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance


our executive officers
 directors and beneficial owners of more than ten percent (10%) to report their beneficial ownership of
equity interests in the company to the SEC. Their initial reports are required to be filed using the SEC's Form 3
 and they are
required to report subsequent purchases
 sales
 and other changes using the SEC's Form 4
 which must be filed within two business
days of most transactions. Officers
 directors
 and persons owning more than 10% of our capital shares are required by SEC regulations
to furnish us with copies of all of reports they file pursuant to Section 16(a).




 2009
 we adopted a Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics (as defined in Item 406 of Regulation S-K) that applies to our principal executive
 financial and accounting
. Yanglin Soybean
Inc. will provide a copy of its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
 without charge
 to any person that requests it. Requests should
be addressed in writing to Mr. Yang Nan
 Chief Financial Officer
 #99 Fanrong Street
 Jixian
 Shuan Ya Shan City
 Heilongjiang
Province
 155900
 People&rsquo;s Republic of China.


    
    





program is designed to pay key management personnel competitive remuneration based on the authority
 responsibility and accountability
of the position held by the individual.


paid by the company to its executive officers for years ended December 31
 2012
 2011
 and 2010.&nbsp;No other executive officers
received compensation in excess of $100
000 for the years of 2012
 2011
 and 2010. We did not engage in any benchmarking of compensation
to set the compensation to our executive officers.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
76
050
    
    
    
76
050

    
    
74
257
    
    
    
74
257

    
    
35
405
    
    
    
35
405

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
28
519
    
    
    
28
519

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
28
519
    
    
    
28
519

    
    
27
847
    
    
    
27
847

    
    
26
554
    
    
    
26
554

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
57
038
    
    
    
57
038

    
    
55
693
    
    
    
55
693

    
    
26
554
    
    
    
26
554




    
The relevant exchange rates for the years 2012
 2011
 and 2010 are $1 toRMB6.3116
 $1 toRMB6.4640
 $1 to RMB6.7787.




    
Yulin Liu
 was appointed as Yanglin&rsquo;s President and General Manager in March 2007 and is the first cousin of Mr. Shulin Liu.



    
    





with our executive officers
In addition
to their salary compensation
 the executive officers are entitled to social insurance benefits according to PRC laws and regulations.
We have extended the term of the employment contract with Mr. Shulin Liu and Zongtai Guo until September 2013.


 2011
 the Company entered
into an employment contract with Mr. Yang Nan. The employment contract has a term of three years
 commencing on December 26
 2011
and ending on December 25
 2014. The employment contract was subject to a three month probation period
 expiring on March 25
 2012
during which either the Company or Mr. Nan could terminate the employment contract at any time. The Company is required to pay
premiums for Mr. Nan for pension
 unemployment
 medical insurance and other social insurance coverage in accordance with relevant
laws of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China. The employment contract may be terminated upon mutual agreement of both parties in
writing. Mr. Nan may resign from his position as the Chief Financial Officer and terminate the Agreement upon 30 days prior written
notice.


 on December 26
 2011
 the Company
entered into a Salary Offer Letter with Mr. Nan. Under the terms of the Salary Offer Letter
 Mr. Nan is entitled to receive a monthly
salary of RMB 12
000




with the executive officers with immediate effect without any prior notice under the following circumstances: serious violation
of Yanglin&rsquo;s rules and disciplines by the executive officers
 serious dereliction of duties by the executive officers; executive
officers being prosecuted under the PRC criminal law.


with the executive officers with 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice under the following circumstances: unfit to perform for the
jobs or any new jobs after non-work-related injury; unfit to perform for the jobs despite additional training; unable to reach
an agreement regarding the employment between the executive officers and Yanglin due to major change of circumstances.




officers (as defined in Item 402 of Regulation S-K) with a competitive base salary that is in-line with their roles and responsibilities.


in that locality to have base salaries as the sole and only form of compensation. The base salary level is established and reviewed
based on the level of responsibilities
 the experience and tenure of the individual and the current and potential contributions
of the individual. The base salary is compared to the list of similar positions within comparable peer companies and with consideration
of the executive&rsquo;s relative experience in his or her position.&nbsp;&nbsp;Base salaries are reviewed periodically and at
the time of promotion or other changes in responsibilities.


compensation program
 which takes into account other elements of compensation
 including without limitation
 short and long term
compensation
 cash and non-cash
 and other equity-based compensation such as stock options. Such compensation program shall be
comparative to our peers in the industry and aimed to retain and attract talented individuals.


    
    



of independent directors will oversee the compensation of our named executive officers.




award plans. No options were granted to any named executive officers in 2012. Although the Company does not have any stock option
plans
 it did grant certain stock options to one of its directors pursuant to a contractual arrangement.

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year
End


compensation plan. No options or shares of stock were granted to any named executive officers in 2012.




stock were vested in 2012.




for its executive officers.




for the Company&rsquo;s executive officers in 2012.

Potential Payment Upon Termination or Change
in Control


arrangements for its executive officers upon termination or change in control.




reflects all compensation awarded to
 earned by or paid to the directors below for the year ended December 31
 2012.



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
76
050
    
    
    
    
    
76
050

    
    
28
519
    
    
    
    
    
28
519

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    



or agreements to compensate our non-independent directors for services they provide as directors.


are not compensated for their services as directors as of the date of this report.

Item 12. Security Ownership Of Certain
Beneficial Owners And Management And Related Shareholders Matters 


with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities following the closing of the Share Exchange Agreement and the
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement by (i) any person or group owning more than 5% of each class of voting
securities
 (ii) each director
 (iii) our chief executive officer and our top three most highly compensated officers and (iv) all
executive officers and directors as a group as of April 8
 2013.


    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Fund
Georgetown
 Grand Cayman 
2
367
442
    
    

    
    
    
    

 Street
 Floor
New York
 NY 10019-5373 (3)
2
093
023
    
    

    
    
    
    

Alpine
 NJ07620
465
116
    
    

    
    
    
    

New York
 NY 10041
    
5
669
929
    

    
    
    
    

No. 99
 Fanrong Street
 Jixian Town
 
 the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.
    
18
200
000
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
9
100
000
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
9
100
000
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
9
100
000
    


Unless
otherwise noted
99 Fanrong Street
Jixian County


 People&rsquo;s Republic
of China 155900.



    
On October 3
 2007
 we entered and consummated a Series A Preferred Agreement for the sale of a total of 10
000
000 shares of our newly designated Series A Preferred Shares for the purchase price of $2.15 per share. Each entity&rsquo;s number of Series A Preferred Shares were determined by dividing the amount of Purchase Price (as defined in the Series A Preferred Agreement) paid by such entity by the $2.15 per share price. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of our Common Stock. In determining the percent of preferred stock owned by a person or entity on December 31
 2012
 (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity
 and (b) the denominator is the total shares of that class outstanding on December 31
 2012. Unless otherwise stated
 each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares. In addition
 in determining the percent of common stock owned by a person or entity on December 31
 2012
 (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person and includes shares which the beneficial owner may acquire within 60 days upon conversion or exercise of a derivative security
 and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the shares of that class outstanding on April 8
 2013&nbsp;&nbsp;(24
586
049 &nbsp;shares of Common Stock) and (ii) the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon conversion or exercise of a derivative security within such 60 day period. Unless otherwise stated
 each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of the shares.



    
    




    
Includes 2
367
442 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of 2
367
442 Preferred Shares of the Company. 




    
Includes 2
093
023 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of 2
093
023 Preferred Shares of the Company.




    


 2007
 we acquired Faith
Winner (BVI) in a share exchange transaction with Winner State (BVI)
 Fang Chen
 Yang Miao and Ying Zhang. Winner State (BVI)
Fang Chen
 Yang Miao and Ying Zhang are collectively the owners of 100% of the shares of Faith Winner (BVI). In the Share Exchange
we received the shares of Faith Winner (BVI) from Winner State (BVI)
 Fang Chen
 Yang Miao and Ying Zhang and in exchange we issued
and delivered to them 18
500
000 of our newly -issued shares of Common Stock. Winner State (BVI) received 18
200
000 shares of
Common Stock.&nbsp;




    
Winner State (BVI) is jointly owned in equal shares by Mr. Shulin Liu
 our Chief Executive Officer and his wife
 Ms. Huanqin Ding. Accordingly
 shares of Common Stock issued to Winner State (BVI) as a result of the consummation of the Share Exchange Agreement are beneficially attributed to Mr. Shulin Liu and Ms. Huanqin Ding based on their respective shareholder percentage ownership in Winner State (BVI) immediately prior to the Share Exchange. Mr. Shulin Liu was appointed our director and Chief Executive Officer on October 3
 2007.




    
Winner State (BVI) is jointly owned in equal shares by Mr. Shulin Liu
 our Chief Executive Officer and his wife
 Ms. Huanqin Ding. Accordingly
 shares of Common Stock issued to Winner State (BVI) as a result of the consummation of the Share Exchange Agreement are beneficially attributed to Mr. Shulin Liu and Ms. Huanqin Ding based on their respective shareholder percentage ownership in Winner State (BVI) immediately prior to the Share Exchange. Ms. Huanqin Ding disclaims beneficial ownership of the share owned by her husband
 Mr. Shulin Liu.



 2013
 we
had outstanding (i) 24
586
049 9shares of Common Stock
 (ii) 5
413
953 shares of Series A Preferred Shares
 which were issued
in a private placement to the Purchasers under the Series A Preferred Agreement.


3
 2012
:(i) Series A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares of Common Stock at $2.75 per share
 (ii) Series B
Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 5
000
000 shares of Common Stock at $3.50 per share
 (iii) Series E Warrants to purchase 1
000
000
shares of Common Stock at $2.58 per share and (iv) Series F Warrants to purchase 500
000 shares of Common Stock at $3.01 per share.


    
    


Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions


 our
Chief Executive Officer and certain employees and officers of us. Mr. Shulin Liu gifted 12 houses to these employees and officers
for their long-term services
 and these employees and officers personally obtained mortgage loans from the Industrial and Commercial
Bank of The PRC
 using these houses as collateral. The employees simultaneously loaned the proceeds to us. These employees and
officers have been making principal and interest payments on the loans directly to the bank and we will reimburse them for the
full amount at a later date. These loans were obtained and used by us for working capital. All of the installments due during 2012
were paid on their due dates. The loans will be due in October
 2016. The outstanding loans balances as at December 31
 2012 and
2011 were $197
875 and $237
328
 respectively. Interest expense for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $19
938 and
$21
374
 respectively.

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees And
Services 


 2010
 we appointed Albert Wong
&amp; Co. as our independent registered public accountant.


approved by our board prior to performance. Our board has determined that the payments made to its independent accountant for these
services are compatible with maintaining such auditor's independence.

Please see the following
table for the details of audit fees.



    

 2012

 2011

    

000

000


 There were no fees
for assurance and related services by Albert Wong &amp; Co. for years 2011 or 2012.


for the details of fees for services for the income tax returns in US.



    

 2012

 2011

    
    

000


. There was no other
fees for either audit-related or non-audit services billed by Albert Wong &amp; Co
 Inc. for years 2012 or 2011.



Item 15. Exhibits And Financial Statement
Schedules 




Schedules




    
    


YANGLIN SOYBEAN
 INC.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

7th Floor
 Nan Dao Commercial Building
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

B.Soc.
 Sc.
 ACA.
 LL.B.
 C.P.A.(Practising)
    



of


Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm


balance sheets of Yanglin Soybean Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the related consolidated statements
of income
 stockholders' equity and cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audit.


standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


assertion about the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012 included
in the Company&rsquo;s Item 9A &ldquo;Controls and Procedures&rdquo; in the Annual Report on Form 10-K and
 accordingly
 we do
not express an opinion thereon.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Yanglin Soybean
Inc. as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.



Hong Kong
 China
Albert Wong &amp;
    Co.

April 15
 2013
    



    
    





AS AT DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
697
547
16
882
123

    
247
961
247
961


 net
348
745
2
883
097

    
914
735
5
023
011

    
124
750
7
825
968

    
10
911
273
9
863
838

    
11
418
56
963

    
1
292
720
    

    
14
549
149
42
782
961

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
 net
5
161
024
19
675
794


 net
2
805
676
4
285
356

    
    
    

    
22
515
849
66
744
111

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
110
706
22
017
771

    
45
779
42
187

    
10
242
11
203

    
    
    

    
1
349
223
1
073
348

    
499
987
570
197

    
1
426
624
1
415
428

    
    
1
850
000

    
4
442
600
26
980
171

    
    
    

    
1
426
624
2
830
856

    
152
096
195
141

    
6
021
320
30
006
168

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 50
000
000 shares authorized; 8
424
883 and 9
134
883 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
8
425
9
135


 10
000
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
    
    

    
    
    


 100
000
000 shares authorized; 21
575
119 and 20
865
119 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
21
575
20
865

    
27
932
842
27
932
842

    
5
628
636
5
628
636

    
(28
267
978
(7
723
645

    
11
171
029
10
870
110

    
    
    

    
16
494
529
36
737
943

    
    
    

    
22
515
849
66
744
111



of these consolidated financial statements


    
    




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012
AND 2011





    
    
    

    
56
630
224
57
556
051

    
(59
921
936
(59
680
096

    
(3
291
712
(2
124
045

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(220
811
(256
921

    
(2
222
372
(2
337
813

    
(5
158
572
    

    
(7
601
755
(2
594
734

    
    
    

    
(10
893
467
(4
718
779

    
    
    

    
(1
523
446
(1
315
331

    
31
285
80
460

    
4
862
3
781

    
1
850
000
(800
000

    
    
    

    
(10
530
766
(6
749
869

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(10
530
766
(6
749
869

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(6
968
133
(8
213
842


 plant and equipment
(3
045
434
    

    
(10
013
567
(8
213
842

    
    
    

    
(20
544
333
(14
963
711

    
    
    

    
300
919
1
785
197

    
    
    

    
(20
243
414
(13
178
514

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
20
927
366
20
481
557

    
20
927
366
20
481
557





of these consolidated financial statements


    
    




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo;
EQUITY
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012
AND 2011




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
comprehensive
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 January 1
 2011
9
534
883
9
535
20
465
119
20
465
27
923
362
5
628
636
7
240
066
9
084
913
49
906
977

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(14
963
711
    
(14
963
711

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
9
480
    
    
    
9
480

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
785
197
1
785
197

Balance
 December 31
 2011
9
134
883
9
135
20
865
119
20
865
27
932
842
5
628
636
(7
723
645
10
870
110
36
737
943

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(20
544
333
    
(20
544
333

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(710
000
    
710
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
300
919
300
919

Balance
 December 31
 2012
8
424
883
8
425
21
575
119
21
575
27
932
842
5
628
636
(28
267
978
11
171
029
16
494
529



of these consolidated financial statements


    
    





FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012
AND 2011




    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(20
544
333
(14
963
711

    
    
    

    
2
118
972
2
966
880

    
220
750
227
724

    
    
9
480

    
(12
230
14
631

    
9
499
022
3
722
631


 plant and equipment
3
045
434
    

    
(1
850
000
800
000

    
(1
292
106
    

    
1
292
106
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
568
785
(2
850
295

    
4
146
036
5
846
511

    
7
759
430
1
597
109

    
(968
952
(1
443
223

    
45
360
38
032

    
(1
049
(38
607

    
    
    

    
267
258
(49
235

    
(74
103
(49
051

    
    
    

    
6
220
381
(4
171
124

    
    
    

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
    
(37
707

    
    
    

    
    
(37
707

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
328
316
21
658
416

    
(25
825
464
(25
371
287

    
(41
310
(85
803

    
(22
538
458
(3
798
675

    
    
    

    
(16
318
078
(8
007
506

    
133
501
824
547

    
16
882
123
24
065
082

    
697
547
16
882
123

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
523
446
1
315
331

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



of these consolidated financial statements


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011




    
    



 Inc (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 26
 1921. Prior to October 3
 2007
 the Company had only nominal operations and
assets. On October 3
 2007
 the Company executed a reverse-merger with Faith Winner Investments Limited (&ldquo;Faith Winner (BVI)&rdquo;)
by an exchange of shares and the Company issued 18
500
000 common shares at $0.001 par value in exchange for all Faith Winner (BVI)
shares. As a result of the shares exchange
 Faith Winner (BVI) became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The exchange transaction
was accounted for as a reverse acquisition in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 805 &ldquo;Business Combinations&rdquo;.
The reverse-merger also&nbsp;included an equity financing of $21
500
000 by the issuance of 9
999
999 Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock at $2.15 per share to ten accredited investors.


distribution
 and selling of non-genetically modified soybean products
 including soybean oil
 salad oil
 soybean meal
 etc.
 throughout
the Province of Heilongjiang and other parts of People's Republic of China (&quot;PRC&quot;).&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company conducts its
operations through the following subsidiaries: (a) a wholly-owned subsidiary in the British Virgin Islands: Faith Winner (BVI)
(b) a wholly-owned subsidiary of Faith Winner (BVI) located in the PRC: Faith Winner (Jixian) Agriculture Development Company (&ldquo;WFOE&rdquo;)
and (c) an entity located in the PRC: Yanglin Soybean Group Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Yanglin&rdquo;)
 which is controlled by the Company
through contractual arrangements with WFOE
 as if Yanglin were a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.


 its subsidiaries and Yanglin
are collectively referred to as &ldquo;the Group&rdquo;.


into a series of agreements respectively with Yanglin and as a result of such agreements WFOE gained control of all of Yanglin&rsquo;s
assets
 management and business as if Yanglin were a wholly-owned subsidiary of WFOE. These agreements included a loan agreement
a consigned management agreement
 two consignment agreements of equity interests
 an exclusive purchase option agreement
 a registered
trademark transfer contract and a trademark licensing agreement. The consignment agreements were entered into on September 1
 2007
and the other agreements were all signed on September 24
 2007. The exclusive purchase option agreement and the consigned management
agreement were amended as of April 3
 2009.&nbsp;&nbsp;As described by the amendment
 the exercise price of the exclusive purchase
option shall be $17
000
000
 or such greater amount as required by the then applicable Chinese law and regulations.&nbsp;&nbsp;If&nbsp;WFOE
elects to purchase the Equity Interests held by Shulin Liu and Huanqin Ding (collectively &ldquo;the Shareholders&rdquo;)
 all
of the consideration net tax (the &ldquo; Consideration of Equity Transfer &rdquo; ) obtained by the Shareholders shall be used
to repay Yanglin.&nbsp;&nbsp;If&nbsp;WFOE elects to purchase the assets of Yanglin
&nbsp;Yanglin shall use all of the consideration
net tax (the &ldquo; Consideration of Assets Transfer &rdquo; ) to repay WFOE. To the extent that the Consideration of Equity Transfer
or Assets Transfer is greater than $17
000
000 as required by the then applicable law or for any other reasons
 the excess shall
be paid by Yanglin to WFOE as interest on the loan made under the Loan Agreement&nbsp;dated September 24
 2007 between WFOE and
Yanglin.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011




    
    



WFOE made a loan (&ldquo;the Loan&rdquo;) of $17 million on October 10
 2007 and it was utilized by Yanglin for working capital
needs. In return
 the Company obtained management control and an exclusive right to acquire all of the equity of Yanglin. The rights
of existing shareholders of Yanglin were assigned by the consignment of equity interests to Faith Winner (BVI). The exclusive purchase
agreement and the loan agreement restrict both Yanglin and its shareholders from significant decisions including but not limited
to any amendments of articles of association or rules of Yanglin
 any change in registered capital
 any transfer
 mortgage or disposal
of Yanglin&rsquo;s assets or income in a way that would affect WFOE&rsquo;s security interest
 entering any material contract (exceeding
RMB5 million in value) and distributing any dividends to the shareholders. Pursuant to the consigned management agreement between
WFOE and Yanglin
 Yanglin agreed to entrust the business operations of Yanglin and its management to WFOE until WFOE formally acquires
all equity or substantially all the assets of Yanglin. Under the consigned management agreement as amended on April 3
 2009
 WFOE
will provide financial
 technical and human resources management services to Yanglin which will enable WFOE to control Yanglin's
operations
 assets and cash flows. In turn
 WFOE will be entitled to a management fee equal to 5% of Yanglin&rsquo;s annual net
sales on a yearly basis.


Agreement
 Yanglin agreed to transfer to WFOE all of its rights in connection with the two trademarks
 including without limitation
the title of the trademarks and right to license (the &ldquo;Transferred Trademark&rdquo;) for a purchase price of $1
000
000
which is subject to a purchase price adjustment based on the minimum&nbsp;appraised value on intellectual property (&ldquo;IP&rdquo;)
rights allowed under PRC laws and regulations for such transfer. Under the Trademark Licensing Agreement
 WFOE agreed to grant
an exclusive license to Yanglin
 for a term of 10 years
 to use the Transferred Trademark for an annual licensing fee equal to
1% of Yanglin&rsquo;s net sales of that year. The license fee and the management fee aforesaid &ndash;&nbsp;a total of 6% of the
annual net sales of Yanglin&nbsp;&ndash;&nbsp;entitled&nbsp;by WFOE are designed to approximate Yanglin&rsquo;s annual net profit.
If the licensing and management fees entitled by WFOE&nbsp;exceed the net income after tax of Yanglin
 Yanglin should not be obligated
to pay WFOE any shortfall. In the event that the net income after tax is greater than the licensing and management fees entitled
by WFOE
 Yanglin should maintain any excess on its books and should not distribute any of such excess as a dividend in any manner
to its shareholders until WFOE exercises its exclusive purchase option pursuant to the Exclusive Purchase Option Agreement dated
September 24
 2007 between Yanglin and WFOE and as amended on April 3
 2009.


agreement
 WFOE has the exclusive purchase option to purchase all or part of Yanglin&rsquo;s shareholders&rsquo; equity interest
in Yanglin when and as permitted under PRC laws and regulations and no other party has the right to purchase any equity from the
shareholders of Yanglin. The agreement provides that
 unless otherwise required under PRC laws and regulations
 the consideration
for the equity transfer or the asset transfer under the agreement will be $17 million or such greater amount as required by the
then applicable&nbsp;PRC law and regulations (the &ldquo;Option Price&rdquo;). Under the loan agreement and the exclusive purchase
option agreement
 the money received as the Option Price by the shareholders of Yanglin upon execution of the option shall be used
to satisfy the repayment of the Loan. Therefore
 the actual consideration of the investment in Yanglin is exactly the amount of
the Loan. Under such contractual arrangements
 all of the assets and equity including any residual profits of Yanglin are totally
controlled by WFOE and will be formally captured upon exercise of the exclusive purchase option.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011




    
    


an
of $17 million to Yanglin is considered as an investment in Yanglin by the Company through a series of contractual arrangements
by way of the Loan. As a result of entering into the aforementioned agreements

Interest Entity.&nbsp;&nbsp;The creditors of Yanglin do not have recourse to the Company&rsquo;s other assets. 



    
    




    
    



prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.


 2009
 the Company adopted
changes issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) to the authoritative hierarchy of GAAP.&nbsp;&nbsp;These
changes establish the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) as the source of authoritative accounting principles
recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws are also sources of authoritative
GAAP for SEC registrants.&nbsp;&nbsp;The FASB will no longer issue new standards in the form of Statements
 FASB Staff Positions
(&ldquo;FSP&rdquo;)
 or Emerging Issues Task Force Abstracts; instead the FASB will&nbsp;issue Accounting Standards Updates (&ldquo;ASUs&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp;ASUs
will not be authoritative in their own right as they will only serve to update the ASC.&nbsp;&nbsp;These changes and the ASC itself
do not change GAAP.&nbsp;&nbsp;Other than the manner in which new accounting guidance is referenced
 the adoption of these changes
had no impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011




    
    




    
    



accounted for as a recapitalization of Yanglin Soybean Inc. where the Company (the legal acquirer) is considered the accounting
acquiree and Faith Winner (BVI) (the legal acquiree) is considered the accounting acquirer. As a result of this transaction
 the
Company is deemed to be a continuation of the business of Faith Winner (BVI).&nbsp;&nbsp;The historical stockholders&rsquo; equity
of the accounting acquirer prior to the share exchange has&nbsp;been retroactively restated as if the share exchange transaction
occurred as of the beginning of the first period presented.


the accounts of the Company and the following subsidiaries
 as well as Yanglin
 a variable interest entity of which WFOE is the
primary beneficiary as defined by ASC 810 &ldquo;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities.&rdquo; All intercompany transactions
and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    



in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the carrying value and estimated useful lives of long-lived assets; valuation
allowances for receivables; valuation of warrant liabilities; inventory and deferred tax assets. Due to the inherent uncertainty
involved in making estimates
 actual results reported in future periods may differ from those estimates. Estimates and assumptions
are reviewed periodically
 and the effect of revisions are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the period they
are determined to be necessary.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011




    
    




    
    



in the PRC. Accordingly
 the Company&rsquo;s business
 financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political
economic and legal environment in the PRC
 and by the general state of the PRC economy.


are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western
Europe. These include risks associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange.
The Group&rsquo;s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
 and by changes
in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.



    
    



and railway use rights.


accumulated amortization.&nbsp;&nbsp;Amortization is provided over the respective useful lives
 using the straight-line method.&nbsp;&nbsp;Estimated
useful lives range from 22 to 50 years.


accumulated amortization. Amortization is provided over the respective useful lives
 using the straight-line method. Estimated
useful life is 10 years.



    
Property
 plant and equipment 



 plant and equipment are carried
at cost less accumulated depreciation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line
method. Estimated useful lives of the property
 plant and equipment are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the consolidated statement
of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to operations when incurred
 whereas
significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011




    
    




    
    



reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable.
It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of changes in technologies or situation in the industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;Determination
of recoverability of assets to be held and used is done by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to&nbsp;the future net undiscounted
cash flows to be generated by the asset.


the impairment losses to be recognized are measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value
of the assets. Assets held for sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less estimated costs of disposal.


 2012 and
2011
 the Group recognized $9
499
022 and $3
722
632 impairment loss on certain manufacturing facilities.



    
    



raw materials
 and are stated at the lower of cost or market value. The cost of inventories is measured using the weighted average
method. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an appropriate proportion of production overheads.



    
    



at the original invoice amount less an allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An allowance for doubtful accounts is maintained
for all customers after considering a variety of factors
 including the length of time past due
 significant one-time events and
the company&rsquo;s historical experience.


its allowance after reasonable collection efforts have been made and the accounts are deemed uncollectible.



    
    



from customers prior to the delivery of goods.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company requires full payment from customers prior to delivery. Customer
deposits are recognized in revenue upon delivery of goods.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011




    
    




    
    



statements are presented in United States dollars.&nbsp;&nbsp;The reporting currency of the Group is the U.S. dollar (USD). WFOE
and Yanglin use its local currency
 Renminbi (RMB)
 as its functional currency. Results of operations and cash flow are translated
at average exchange rates during the period
 and assets and liabilities are translated at the end of period exchange rates. Translation
adjustments resulting from this process are included in accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders&rsquo; equity. Transaction
gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional
currency are included in the results of operations as incurred.


exchange restrictions on fund transfers out of the PRC that are not related to business operations. These restrictions have not
had a material impact on the Group because it has not engaged in any significant transactions that are subject to the restrictions.


in RMB into USD for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements were as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;There is no assurance
that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into USD at the rates used in translation.



    
    



of goods to customers. Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria are met: Persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the seller&rsquo;s price to the buyer&nbsp;is fixed or determinable
and collection is reasonably assured.



    
    



material costs
 direct labor cost
&nbsp;and applicable overhead costs&nbsp;attributable to the production of products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Permanent
write-down of inventory to the lower of cost or market value is also reflected in the cost of revenues. For the year ended December
31
 2012 and 2011
 there were no written-down of inventories.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011




    
    




    
    



as incurred. There is no advertising expenses happened in 2012 and 2011.



    
    


All shipping

were $44
212 and $61
837 for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.



    
    



equity-based instruments to its employees
 directors and consultants (collectively &ldquo;share-based payments&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp;Compensation
cost related to such awards is measured based on the fair value of the instrument on the grant date and is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the requisite service period
 which generally equals the vesting period.&nbsp;&nbsp;All of the Company&rsquo;s stock-based
compensation is based on grants of equity instruments and no liability awards have been granted.



    
    


Full time employees
in PRC entities participate in a government mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension
benefits
 medical care
 unemployment insurance
 employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. The
PRC labor regulations require the Group to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees' salaries. Management

for employee pension were $226
730 and $189
088 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011




    
    




    
    



an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years.&nbsp;&nbsp;Under the asset
and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between&nbsp;the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.&nbsp;&nbsp;A valuation
allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Group is
able to realize their benefits
 or the future realization is uncertain.


740.10
&nbsp;&nbsp;Accounting For Uncertainty In Income Taxes
 which provides clarification related to the process associated with
accounting for uncertain tax positions recognized in our consolidated financial statements. ASC 740.10 prescribes a more-likely-than-not
threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken
 or expected to be taken
 in a tax return.
ASC 740.10 also provides guidance related to
 among other things
 classification
 accounting for interest and penalties associated
with tax positions
 and disclosure requirements


penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of operation. The
Group&rsquo;s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income
tax expense.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011




    
    




    
    


Pursuant to
the applicable laws in PRC
 PRC entities are required to make appropriations to three non-distributable reserve funds
 namely the
statutory surplus reserve
 statutory public welfare fund
 and discretionary surplus reserve
 based on after-tax net earnings as
determined in accordance with the PRC GAAP
 after offsetting any prior years&rsquo; losses. Appropriation to the statutory surplus

capital.&nbsp;&nbsp;Appropriation to the statutory public welfare fund is 5% to 10% of the after-tax&nbsp;net earnings.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
statutory public welfare fund is established for the purpose of providing employee facilities and other collective benefits to

1
 2006
 enterprises have no further requirements to make the appropriation to the statutory public welfare fund.&nbsp;&nbsp;Discretionary
surplus reserve is a prescribed percentage approved by the shareholder. The Group does not make appropriations to the discretionary
surplus reserve fund. 


Articles of Association
 WFOE&rsquo;s and Yanglin&rsquo;s net income after taxation can only be distributed as dividends after
appropriation has been made for the following:



    
    
Making up cumulative prior years&rsquo; losses
 if any;




    
    
Allocations to the &ldquo;Statutory surplus reserve&rdquo; of at least 10% of net income after taxation
 as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations
 until the fund amounts to 50% of the Company's registered capital
 which is restricted for set off against losses
 expansion of production and operation or increase in registered capital;




    
    
Allocations to the discretionary surplus reserve
 if any. 


The Company
established a statutory surplus reserve as well as a statutory&nbsp;public welfare fund and commenced to appropriate 10% and 5%

 of the PRC net income after taxation to these reserves. The amounts included in the statutory reserves consisted
of surplus reserve of $3
752
424 and common welfare fund of $1
876
212 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011.



    
    



all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.&nbsp;&nbsp;Among other disclosures
all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required
to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Group&rsquo;s
current component of other comprehensive income is the foreign currency translation adjustment. &nbsp;


    
    






FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011









in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 260.10
 &quot;Earnings Per Share.&rdquo; FASB ASC 260.10 requires presentation of
basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology used in computing such earnings per
share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted
average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution that
could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and converted into common stock using the treasury
method.





net of a VAT. All of Yanglin&rsquo;s products that are sold in PRC are subject to a Chinese VAT on the gross sales price. VAT from
sales may be offset by VAT paid on purchase of raw materials included in the cost of producing the finished goods.





 2009
 the Company
adopted the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 815
 &quot;Derivatives and Hedging&quot; (&quot;ASC 815&quot;) (previously ElTF 07-5
&quot;Determining Whether an instrument (or an Embedded Feature) is Indexed to an Entity's Own Stock&quot;). As a result of adopting
ASC 815
 the outstanding warrants of the Company previously treated as equity pursuant to the derivative treatment exemption were
no longer afforded equity treatment as there was a down-round protection (full-ratchet down round protection). As a result
 the
warrants are not considered indexed to the Company's own stock
 and as such
 all future changes in the fair value of these warrants
will be recognized currently in earnings until such time as the warrants are exercised or expire.


 effective January 1
 2009
 the
Company reclassified the fair value of these warrants from equity to liability
 as if these warrants were treated as a derivative
liability since their issuance in October 2007. On January 1
 2009 the Company recorded as a cumulative effect adjustment by decreasing
additional paid-in capital amounting to $15
003
941 and decreasing beginning retained earnings by the amount of $72
047
158 and
recording $87
051
099 as a warrant liability to recognize the fair value of such warrants on January 1
 2009. The fair value of
the warrants was $0 and $1
850
000 on December 31
 2012 and 2011 respectively. The Company recognized $1
850
000 as income and
$800
000 as loss from the expiration of Warrant Liability for the year ended December 31
 2012 and from the change in fair value
of warrants for the year ended December 31
 2011 respectively.


of these securities using a modified lattice valuation model.



    
    





FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011










 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) No. 2012-01
 Health Care Entities (Topic 954): Continuing Care Retirement Communities &mdash; Refundable Advance Fees.
This ASU clarifies that an entity should classify an advance fee as deferred revenue when a continuing care retirement community
has a resident contract that provides for payment of the refundable advance fee upon reoccupancy by a subsequent resident
 which
is limited to the proceeds of reoccupancy. Refundable advance fees that are contingent upon reoccupancy by a subsequent resident
but are not limited to the proceeds of reoccupancy should be accounted for and reported as a liability. For public entities (including
conduit bond obligors)
 the amendments in ASU No. 2012-01 are effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For
nonpublic entities
 the amendments to the codification in the ASU are effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
2013. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in ASU No. 2012-01 should be applied retrospectively by recording a cumulative-effect
adjustment to opening retained earnings (or unrestricted net assets) as of the beginning of the earliest period presented.


 FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-02
 Intangibles&mdash;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible
Assets for Impairment. This ASU states that an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the
existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired.
If
 after assessing the totality of events and circumstances
 an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the
indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 then the entity is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes
otherwise
 then it is required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative
impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying amount in accordance with Codification Subtopic 350-30
 Intangibles&mdash;Goodwill
and Other
 General Intangibles Other than Goodwill. Under the guidance in this ASU
 an entity also has the option to bypass the
qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative
impairment test. An entity will be able to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments
in this ASU are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012.
Early adoption is permitted
 including for annual and interim impairment tests performed as of a date before July 27
 2012
 if
a public entity&rsquo;s financial statements for the most recent annual or interim period have not yet been issued or
 for nonpublic
entities
 have not yet been made available for issuance.


 FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-03
 Technical Amendments and Corrections to SEC Sections. This ASU amends various SEC paragraphs
pursuant to SAB 114
 SEC Release No. 33-9250
 and ASU 2010-22
 which amend or rescind portions of certain SAB Topics.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) No. 2012-04
 Technical Corrections and Improvements. This ASU make technical corrections
 clarifications
 and limited-scope
improvements to various Topics throughout the Codification. The amendments in this ASU that will not have transition guidance will
be effective upon issuance for both public entities and nonpublic entities. For public entities
 the amendments that are subject
to the transition guidance will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the
amendments that are subject to the transition guidance will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2013.



    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011






 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) No. 2012-05
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230). This ASU addresses how cash receipts arising from the sale of certain
donated financial assets
 such as securities
 should be classified in the statement of cash flows of not-for-profit entities (NFPs).
Some NFPs classify those cash receipts as investing cash inflows
 while other entities classify them as either operating cash inflows
or financing cash inflows
 consistent with their treatment of inflows arising from cash contributions. The objective of this Update
is for an NFP to classify cash receipts from the sale of donated financial assets consistently with cash donations received in
the statement of cash flows if those cash receipts were from the sale of donated financial assets that upon receipt were directed
without the NFP imposing any limitations for sale and were converted nearly immediately into cash. The amendments in the ASU are
effective prospectively for fiscal years
 and interim fiscal periods within those years
 beginning after June 15
 2013. Retrospective
application to all periods presented upon the date of adoption is permitted. Early adoption from the beginning of the fiscal year
of adoption is permitted.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) No. 2012-06
 Business Combinations (Topic 805): Subsequent Accounting for an Indemnification Asset Recognized at the
Acquisition Date as a Result of a Government-Assisted Acquisition of a Financial Institution. This ASU addresses the diversity
in practice about how to interpret the terms on the same basis and contractual limitations when subsequently measuring an indemnification
asset recognized in a government-assisted (Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or National Credit Union Administration) acquisition
of a financial institution that includes a loss-sharing agreement (indemnification agreement). For public and nonpublic entities
the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after December
15
 2012. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied prospectively to any new indemnification assets acquired
after the date of adoption and to indemnification assets existing as of the date of adoption arising from a government-assisted
acquisition of a financial institution.


 FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-07
 Entertainment&mdash;Films (Topic 926): Accounting for Fair Value Information That Arises after
the Measurement Date and Its Inclusion in the Impairment Analysis of Unamortized Film Costs. This ASU eliminates the rebuttable
presumption that the conditions leading to the write-off of unamortized film costs after the balance sheet date existed as of the
balance sheet date. The amendments also eliminate the requirement that an entity incorporate into fair value measurements used
in the impairment tests the effects of any changes in estimates resulting from the consideration of subsequent evidence if the
information would not have been considered by market participants at the measurement date. or SEC filers
 the amendments are effective
for impairment assessments performed on or after December 15
 2012. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for impairment
assessments performed on or after December 15
 2013. The amendments resulting from this ASU should be applied prospectively. Earlier
application is permitted
 including for impairment assessments performed as of a date before October 24
 2012
 if
 for SEC filers
the entity&rsquo;s financial statements for the most recent annual or interim period have not yet been issued or
 for all other
entities
 have not yet been made available for issuance.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011







10 (formerly SFAS 157)
 fair value is the price that would be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. FASB ASC Topic No. 820 &ndash; 10 requires disclosure
that establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements. The statement requires
fair value measurements be classified and disclosed in one of the following categories:


follows:&nbsp;

Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active
markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical
 unrestricted assets or liabilities. The Company considers active
markets as those in which transactions for the assets or liabilities occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing
information on an ongoing basis.


Level 2 Quoted prices in markets that
are not active
 or inputs which are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the asset or
liability. This category includes those derivative instruments that La Cortez values using observable market data. Substantially
all of these inputs are observable in the marketplace throughout the term of the derivative instruments
 can be derived from observable
data
 or supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace.


Level 3 Measured based on prices or valuation
models that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and less observable from objective sources (i.e.
supported by little or no market activity). Yanglin&rsquo;s valuation models are primarily industry standard models. Level 3 instruments
include derivative warrant instruments. Yangling does not have sufficient corroborating evidence to support classifying these assets
and liabilities as Level 1 or Level 2.

The fair value

parties.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 the carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
accounts receivable
 other receivables
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 and other payables
 approximate their fair values
because of the short maturity of these instruments and market rates of interest available to the Group.


    
    





FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011







expose the Group to concentrations of credit risk
 is cash and accounts receivable as of December 31
 2012 and 2011. The Group
performs ongoing evaluations of its cash position and credit evaluations of customers to ensure sound collections and&nbsp;minimize
credit losses exposure.



As of December
31
 2012 and 2011

 the Group&rsquo;s restricted cash&nbsp;of $247
961 was kept&nbsp;in bank account in the U.S.
Cash accounts at financial institutions in the U.S. may exceed the federal depository insurance coverage limits. In October 2008
the FDIC increased its insurance from $100
000 per depositor to $250
000 and to an unlimited amount for non-interest bearing accounts.
The coverage increase
 which is temporary
 extends through December 31
 2013 and June 30
 2010
 respectively. All of the cash held
in the U.S. is fully insured. Lastly
 there is no unrestricted cash in U.S. accounts.

CASH- PRC ACCOUNTS&ndash; (RESTRICTED
AND UN-RESTRICTED)


 2012 and 2011
 respectively
the Group&rsquo;s&nbsp;cash was with banks in the PRC where there is currently no rule or regulation mandated on obligatory insurance
of bank accounts.




 2012 and
2011
 respectively
 all of the Group&rsquo;s sales were generated within the PRC. In addition
 all accounts receivable as of December
31
 2012 and 2011
 are from entities within the PRC.


 2012and
2011
 no customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group&rsquo;s revenue.


 2012
and 2011

 no vendor accounted for 10% or more of the Group&rsquo;s purchases.&nbsp;


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011







 2012 the company received a
written notice from the Jixian County People&rsquo;s Government (the &ldquo;Jixian Government&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Notice
the Jixian Government notified the Company that it had determined that the Company would be required to move its Factory No. 3
from its current location by September 30
 2012. As a result the Company ceased production at its Factory No. 3 at the end of July
2012.


 2012
the Factory 3 was dismantled required by government
 the building of Factory 3 were all written off and the machineries and equipment
of Factory 3 were all impaired. There was $4
340
450 impairment charge on the machineries and equipment of Factory 3. The net book
value of Factory 3 building $3
045
434 was written off for the buildings were dismantled.


 2011
the Group reviewed the powder oil production line in facility No.3
 which has not been used for the past years as the product made
by this line was technically imperfect as a result which has been identified as idle production impaired and reclassified to assets
held for sale in the third quarter of 2009.&nbsp;The review found that these assets had been further impaired
 by measuring the
fair value using the fair value hierarchy using primary level 2 inputs in a market approach utilizing quoted market price for similar
building and equipment adjusted for the condition and location of the assets.


722
632 impairment charges
on the idle production line as stated above recorded during the year ended December 31
 2011. As a result
 these assets have been
fully impaired and their net book value has been fully written off.


value of the land use right expected to be transferred from the local government as compensation for the removal of Factory No.
3.






    

2012

2011


 plant and equipment
 net
    
9
591
206


 net
    
1
299
908

    
1
292
720
    

    
    
    

    
1
292
720
10
891
114

    
    
    

    
1
292
720
10
891
114







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
49
849
990
81
473
765

    
(52
477
673
(85
964
975

    
(2
627
683
(4
491
210

    
(4
340
450
(3
722
632

    
(6
968
133
(8
213
842

    
    
    

    
(3
045
434
    

    
(10
013
567
(8
213
842



    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011







at December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
247
961
247
961

    
247
961
247
961


Cash-restricted


 2012 and 2011
 maintained in a trust account in
the United States for the purpose of payment for investor and public relations costs.&nbsp;


TRADE RECEIVABLES
 NET


following at December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 gross
350
861
2
897
945

    
(2
116
(14
848

    
348
745
2
883
097



accounts for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
14
848
    

    
(12
732
14
503

    
    
    

    
2
116
14
848



when collection of the full amount is no longer probable.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management reviews and adjusts this allowance periodically
based on historical experience
 the current economic climate as well as its evaluation of the collectability of outstanding accounts.
The Group evaluates the credit risks of its customers utilizing historical data and estimations of future performance.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011






31:



    
    
    

    
597
291
1
429
425

    
317
444
3
593
586

    
914
735
5
023
011






consist of the following at December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
360
3
334

    
1
817
45
391

    
    
3
959

    
    
    

    
5
726
4
614

    
    
    

    
11
418
56
963



PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET


 plant and equipment consist of the
following at December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
147
160
9
859
374

    
27
887
091
27
668
240

    
115
636
114
728

    
1
456
799
1
445
366

    
34
606
686
39
087
708

    
(16
999
3330
(15
627
5166

    
(12
446
329
(3
784
398

    
5
161
024
19
675
794

    
    
    

    
5
161
024
19
675
794



    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011



PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET (Continued)


 2011
 machinery and
equipment with net book value of $5
561
694 and buildings with net book value of $1
474
418 of the Company were pledged as collateral
under certain loan arrangements. These loans were primarily obtained for general working capital.




plant and equipment are assets deemed as temporarily idle by the management comprising of the following at December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
949
232

    
    
4
120
468

    
    
5
069
700

    
    
(1
285
302

    
    
(3
784
398

    
    
    



statement of operations and comprehensive income as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
498
284
2
153
654

    
620
688
837
540

    
2
118
972
2
991
194





when events or circumstances occur that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. The Group considers a property to be
impaired when the sum of future undiscounted cash flows during its remaining estimated holding period is less than the carrying
value of the asset. For impaired assets
 the Group records an impairment charge equal to the excess of the property&rsquo;s carrying
value over its estimated fair value.


the Factory 1 and Factory 2 have not started to produce soybean. According to the Board of Director&rsquo;s resolution
 the production
would commence in May or June if condition is permitted. So impairment $5
158
572 of all fixed assets in Factory 1 and Factory
2 was charged based on one half of net book value of the assets.


    
    


YANGLIN
SOYBEAN INC.

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011



INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET


at December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 at cost
2
852
692
4
306
011


 at cost
1
299
813
1
289
612

    
(1
346
829
(1
310
267

    
2
805
676
4
285
356



 2012
the land use rights in factory No.3 with the net book value of $ 1
292
720 was collected by the local government
 the compensation
for the collection above is still in the negotiation with the government.


during the year ended December 31
 2012.


consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
141
518
138
182

    
82
142
89
542

    
223
660
227
724



for intangible assets for the five succeeding years are as follows:





    

    
206
199

    
206
199

    
206
199

    
206
199

    
206
199

    
1
774
679

    
2
805
676




    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011











    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 interest rates at 6.56% per annum
 due July 23
 2012
    
7
863
489
    

    
    
    
    


 interest rates at 6.56% per annum
 due August 10
 2012
    
6
290
792
    

    
    
    
    


 interest rates at 6.56% per annum
 due September 06
 2012
    
3
145
396
    

    
    
    
    


 interest rates at 6.56% per annum
 due September 14
 2012
    
3
145
396
    

    
    
    
    


 interest rates at 6.56% per annum
 due October 12
 2012
    
1
572
698
    

    
    
    
    


 interest rates at 6.56% per annum
 due January 16
 2013
1
110
706
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
110
706
22
017
771
    


These loans were

 2012 and 2011 were
$1
247
522 and $980
669 respectively.




The Group had a&nbsp;credit

Yanglin has submitted application to ADBC for the credit line of 2013 which is reviewed by the bank on the yearly basis.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011






December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





consist of
the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 interest rates at 5.76% per annum
 due August 26
 2014
2
853
248
4
246
284

 machinery and equipment and land use right

    
(1
426
624
(1
415
428
    

    
1
426
624
2
830
856
    



for upgrading its products and expanding storage facilities. Interest expense for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was&nbsp;$255
986
and $311
881
 respectively. As December 31
 2012
 the value of these pledged buildings
 machineries and equipments and land use
right was written off as the land use right of Factory 3 was resumed by government and the buildings were dismantled and machineries
and equipments were written off for ceased production in July of 2012.


loans are as follows:





    

    
1
426
624

    
1
426
624

    
    

    
2
853
248



    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011










    
    
    

    
    
    


 interest rates at 7.722% and 9.405% per annum respectively
 with various installments
 due October 28
 2016
197
875
237
328

    
    
    

    
(45
779
(42
187

    
152
096
195
141



for working capital. All of the installments due during 2012 were paid on their due dates.&nbsp;&nbsp;Interest expense for the
years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $19
938 and $21
374 
 respectively.


 Mr.
 Shulin
Liu
 the CEO of Yanglin
 and certain employees and officers of Yanglin. Mr. Shulin Liu gifted 12 houses to these employees and
officers for their long-term services
 and these employees and officers&nbsp;personally obtained mortgage loans from the Industrial
and Commercial Bank of The PRC
 using these houses as collateral.&nbsp;&nbsp;The employees simultaneously loaned the proceeds to
Yanglin to be used as working capital. These employees and officers have been making principal and interest payments on the loans
directly to the bank and Yanglin will&nbsp;reimburse them for the full amount at a later date.


bank loans are as follows:






    

    
45
779

    
49
381

    
53
269

    
48
481

    
    

    
197
875




    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011









&ldquo;Yanglin Seed Co.&rdquo;
 which is wholly owned and managed by Mr. Shulin Liu
 our chief executive officer
 is an affiliate
of the Company. Yanglin Seeds Co. supplies the farmers with &ldquo;Yanglin&rdquo; brand soybean seeds which provide higher oil
yield. Pursuant to annual intentional supply agreements with the Company
 the farmers sell the harvested soybeans to Yanglin. Yanglin
Seeds Co. extends favorable commercial terms to these farmers
 such as competitive price
 for them to purchase &ldquo;Yanglin&rdquo;
soybean seeds. Meanwhile
 Yanglin offers cash-upon-delivery payment terms to the farmers for purchases of the harvested soybeans
grown from &ldquo;Yanglin&rdquo; soybean seeds. These arrangements ensure that we maintain good relations with our suppliers
 enjoy
a stable supply of soybeans that meet our high quality standards. There was no related party transaction or commitment between
Yanglin Seed Co. and the Group in 2012 and 2011.





A Convertible Preferred Stock during October 2007
 the Company committed to apply to list and have its shares of common stock
traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market
 the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market or any successor market thereto
(collectively
 &ldquo;Nasdaq&rdquo;)
 or the New York Stock Exchange or any successor market thereto (together with Nasdaq
 each
a &ldquo;National Stock Exchange&rdquo;)
 no later than December 31
 2008. As a result of failing to achieve such listing
 the
Company&rsquo;s majority shareholder
 Winner State Investments Limited
 committed to transfer 1
000
000 shares of common stock
in the Company to the purchasers of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company has accounted for this as a contribution
of capital by its majority stockholder and recorded a charge to operations in the amount of $4
480
000 for the year ended December
31
 2008 based on the closing market price of $4.48 per share on December 31
 2008.&nbsp;


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011








 2007
 the Company sold 9
999
999
shares of Series A Preferred Stock and various stock purchase warrants for cash consideration totaling $21.5 million dollars. In
addition
 in connection with the sale of the Preferred Stock
 certain advisors were provided warrants. The number of shares
 exercise
price and contractual terms eligible to be purchased with the warrants are summarized in the following table:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
000
000
    
    

 2012

    
    
5
000
000
    
    

 2012

    
    
    
    
    

 2009

    
    
    
    
    

 2009

    
    
    
    
    

 2009

    
    
1
000
000
    
    

 2012

    
    
500
000
    
    

 2012

    
    
16
500
000
    
    
    



 2009
 the series J
 C and D
warrants expired unexercised.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 2012
 the series A
B
E and
F warrants expired unexercised.


liquidation rights senior to common stock and to any other class or series of stock issued by the Company not designated as ranking
senior to or pari passu with Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. In the event of a liquidation of the Company
 holders of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive a distribution equal to $2.15 per share prior to any distribution to the
holders of common stock or any other stock that ranks junior to the Series A Convertible Preferred Shares. Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock is entitled to non-cumulative dividends only upon declaration of dividends by the Company. To date
 no dividends
have been declared or accrued. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will participate based on their respective &ldquo;as-if&rdquo;
conversion rates if the Company declares any dividends. Holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock also have voting rights
required by applicable law and the relevant number of votes shall be equal to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.


million. The proceeds from the sale were allocated to Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 warrants and beneficial conversion
features based on the relative fair value of the securities. The value of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock was determined by
reference to the market price of the common stock into which it converts
 and the fair value of the warrants was calculated using
the Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions: expected life of 5 year
 expected dividend rate of 0%
 volatility of 27%
and an interest rate of 4.24%.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011






feature discount on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at its intrinsic value
 which was the fair value of the common stock at
the commitment date for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock investment
 less the effective conversion price but limited to the
$21.5 million of proceeds received from the sale. The Company recognized the $8.0 million beneficial conversion feature as an increase
in paid in capital in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet on the date of issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred Stocks
since these shares were convertible at the issuance date.


Shares is convertible into one share of Common Stock
 subject to standard adjustment provisions as set forth in the Certificate
of Designations for our Series A Convertible Preferred Shares



 2012
710
000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into 710
000 shares of common stock. During the year ended
December 31
 2011
 400
000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into 400
000 shares of common stock.


Preferred Stock as described above
 on October 10
 2007
 the Company also issued 1
000
000 Series E warrants at an exercise price
of $2.58 per share and 500
000 Series F warrants at an exercise price of $3.01 per share to an investment banker and financial
advisor
 respectively. These warrants each have a five year term. The fair value of Series E warrants was $532
800 and Series F
warrants was $205
452
 and was recorded as offering cost of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock transaction.


was calculated using the Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions: expected life of 5 year
 expected dividend rate of
0%
 volatility of 27% and an interest rate of 4.24%.


Company doesn&rsquo;t file
 or if the registration statements aren&rsquo;t declared effective throughout the required period
 or
if the Company ceases to trade on certain exchanges as defined
 the Company shall pay damages equal to 1.5% of the amount invested
for each calendar month capped at a cumulative damage payment amount of 15%. In connection with the sale of the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock during October 2007
 the Company committed to apply to list and have its shares of common stock traded on the Nasdaq
Capital Market
 the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market or any successor market thereto (collectively
 &ldquo;Nasdaq&rdquo;)
or the New York Stock Exchange or any successor market thereto (together with Nasdaq
 each a &ldquo;National Stock Exchange&rdquo;)
no later than December 31
 2008. As a result of failing to achieve such listing
 the Company&rsquo;s majority shareholder
 Winner
State Investments Limited
 committed to transfer 1
000
000 shares of common stock in the Company to the purchasers of shares of
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company. The Company has accounted for this as a contribution of capital by its majority
stockholder and recorded a charge to operations in the amount of $4
480
000 for the year ended December 31
 2008. Such shares were
valued based on the closing market price of $4.48 per share on December 31
 2008.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011






dated as of October 3
 2007 by and among the Company and certain holders (the Holders)
 the Company agreed to have a registration
statement registering certain of the securities of the Holders declared effective with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
on or prior to the Effectiveness&nbsp;Date defined in the Registration Rights Agreement
 which was December 31
 2008
 or pay the
liquidated damages.


not declared effective&nbsp;as of December 31
 2008
 pursuant to a Waiver and Release dated December 31
 2008
&nbsp;the Holders
have waived their right to the liquidated damages for the Company&rsquo;s failure to have the registration statement declared effective
on or prior to&nbsp;the Effectiveness date under Registration Rights Agreement.


of the liquidated damages
 the Company entered into an Agreement dated December 31
 2008 (the Agreement). Under the Agreement
the Company agreed to hire and engage
 by February 28
 2009
 three (3) independent directors as defined by NASDAQ Rule 4200(a)(15)
and who are acceptable to the Holders. Further
 the Company shall comply with all of the provisions of NASDAQ Rule 4350 by February
28
 2009. If these requirements are not met
 the Company shall pay to each Holder five percent (5%) of its initial investment under
the Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and the Holders dated October 3
 2007. On February 27
 2009
 the Company
signed an addendum to the Agreement with the Holders
 which extended the deadline for hiring and engaging three (3) independent
directors to March 13
 2009. On March 9
 2009
 the Company adopted a form of new Bylaws
 appointed three (3) independent directors
established three (3) standing committees under the Board of Directors (audit committee
 compensation committee and governance
and nominating committee)
 and approved the articles of the three (3) above&nbsp;mentioned standing committees and the Code of
Conduct and Ethics
 and thus has been compliant with the provisions of NASDAQ Rule 4350. In addition
 the Company agreed to effect
and announce
 no later than June 30
 2009
 a change to the Company&rsquo;s current independent audit firm and engage a new independent
audit firm listed as a Top 10 audit firm according to Public Accounting Report&rsquo;s 2008 Annual Audit Rankings to audit the
2009 financial statements and review the interim financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company has engaged UHY LLP
 Inc. as its
independent audit firm starting with the quarter ended June 30
 2009.&nbsp;


 the
Company had to pay to each Holder ten percent (10%) of its initial investment under the Securities Purchase Agreement. Furthermore
the Company and the Holders agreed to extend the required Effectiveness Date of the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission to September 30
 2009. The Company has complied with these requirements&nbsp;as of&nbsp;September
30
 2009 and the Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on June 29
 2009.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011






 2009
 the Company
adopted the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 815
 &quot;Derivatives and Hedging&quot; (&quot;ASC 815&quot;) (previously ElTF 07-5
&quot;Determining Whether an instrument (or an Embedded Feature) is Indexed to an Entity's Own Stock&quot;). As a result of adopting
ASC 815
 warrants to purchase 34
503
170 of the Company's common stock previously treated as equity pursuant to the derivative
treatment exemption were no longer afforded equity treatment as there was a down-round protection (full-ratchet down round protection).
As a result
 the warrants are not considered indexed to the Company's own stock
 and as such
 all future changes in the fair value
of these warrants will be recognized currently in earnings until such time as the warrants are exercised or expire.


 effective January 1
 2009
 the
Company reclassified the fair value of these warrants from equity to liability
 as if these warrants were treated as a derivative
liability since their issuance in October 2007. On January 1
 2009
 the Company recorded as a cumulative effect adjustment by decreasing
additional paid-in capital amounting to $15
003
941 and decreasing beginning retained earnings amounting to $72
047
158 and recording
$87
051
099 as a warrant liability to recognize the fair value of such warrants on January 1
 2009. The fair value of the warrants
was $0 and $1
850
000 on December 31
 2012 and 2011 respectively. The Company recognized $1
850
000 as income from the expiration
of warrants liability and $800
000 as loss from the change in fair value of warrants for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011








par value of $0.001 per share and each share of the Series B Convertible Preferred Shares is convertible into one share of the
Common Stock
 subject to standard adjustment provisions in the Certificate of Designations for Series B Convertible Preferred Shares.


on April 3
 2009
 all of the unissued Series B convertible Preferred Shares were cancelled and reverted to the status of authorized
but unissued preferred stock
 undesignated as to series and subject to reissuance as shares of preferred stock of any one or more
series as permitted by the Articles of Incorporation. There were no issued and outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Shares as of December 31
 2012 and 2011.


activity for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2011
16
500
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
16
500
000
    
    


 2012
    
    
    



    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011






Marks as an independent director
 the Company agreed to grant Mr. Marks
 as part of his compensation
 20
000 stock options annually.
The stock options will be granted at the end of each quarter with the exercise price being the stock price at the last trading
day of the quarter. During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company granted an aggregate of 15
000 options to an independent
director in connection with his service in 2011 as he has resigned his position in October 2011. The options have exercise price
ranges from $0.30-$3.10 per share and are fully vested on the date of grant.


the Black Scholes model with the following assumptions:




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

5
000
    
    
    
    
11
292

5
000
    
    
    
    
11
646

5
000
    
    
    
    
11
117

5
000
    
    
    
    
10
126

5
000
    
    
    
    
8
603

5
000
    
    
    
    
3
761

5
000
    
    
    
    
1
123

5
000
    
    
    
    
3
567

5
000
    
    
    
    
1
309

5
000
    
    
    
    
4
605

50
000
    
    
    
    
67
149







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2011
50
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2012
50
000
    
    



    
    






FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011






outstanding at December 31
 2012:




    
    
    

    
    prices
    
    






    
    exercise&nbsp;price
    
    
    price

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
50
000
    
    
50
000
    



 2012 and
2011
 the Company recognized $0 and $9
480 as compensation expense for the stock options granted to the independent director
respectively.





earnings per share attributable to the common stock holders is based on the following data:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(20
544
333
(14
963
711

    
    
    

    
(20
544
333
(14
963
711

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
20
927
366
20
481
557

    
8
424
883
9
134
883

    
    
4
397

    
(8
424
883
(9
139
280

    
20
927
366
20
481
557




    
    





FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011









for U.S. federal income tax for the year ended December 31
 2012 due to the cumulative net operating loss in the United States.


the British Virgin Islands and is not subject to income taxes under the current laws of the British Virgin Islands.




 2007
 the National People&rsquo;s
Congress of China approved the new Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC (New CIT Law)
 which is effective from January 1
 2008.


 2008
 the CIT rates
applicable to our subsidiaries in the PRC ranged from 0% to 33%. After January 1
 2008
 under the New CIT Law
 the statutory corporate
income tax rate applicable to most companies is 25% instead of the old tax rate of 33%. The tax rate applicable to WFOE and Yanglin
is 25%. Yanglin has been named as a National Key Leading Enterprise in Agriculture and awarded a tax exemption through 2011 by
the PRC central government.&nbsp;&nbsp;For year 2011&rsquo;s tax exemption
 a review by the local tax authority of the PRC is also
required.


 enterprises
established under the laws of foreign countries or regions and whose &ldquo;place of effective management&rdquo; is located within
the PRC territory are considered PRC resident enterprises and subject to the PRC income tax at the rate&nbsp;of 25% on worldwide
income. The definition of &ldquo;place of effective management&rdquo; refers to an establishment that exercises
 in substance
overall management and control over the production and business
 personnel
 accounting
 properties
 etc. of an enterprise. As of
December 31
 2012
 no detailed interpretation of guidance has been issued to define &ldquo;place of effective management&rdquo;.&nbsp;&nbsp;Furthermore
as of December 31
 2012
 the administrative practice associated with interpreting and applying the concept of &ldquo;place&nbsp;of
effective management&rdquo; is unclear. If the Company&rsquo;s non-PRC incorporated entities are deemed PRC tax residents
 such
entities would be subject to PRC tax under the New CIT Law. The Company has analyzed the applicability of this law
 as of December
31
 2012
 and the Company has not accrued for PRC tax on such basis. The Company will continue to monitor changes in the interpretation
or guidance of this law.


income tax
 subject to reduction based on tax treaty where applicable
 for dividends distributed by a foreign invested enterprise
to its immediate holding company outside China. Such dividends were exempted from PRC tax under the previous income tax law and
regulations. The foreign investment enterprises&nbsp;are subject to the withholding tax starting from January 1
 2008.


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011


INCOME
TAXES (Continued)





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
646
085
(95
480

    
(22
190
417
(10
349
455

    
(20
544
333
(10
444
935



years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.


expense computed at the U.S. statutory rate and the Group&rsquo;s provision for income tax is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



loss carry forwards that give rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets at December 31
 2012 and 2011 were as follows:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
168
946
1
160
907

    
33
845
33
940

    
313
064
310
607

    
13
916
945
10
894
207

    
22
921
25
187

    
15
455
720
12
424
848

    
(15
455
720
(12
424
848

    
    
    



    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011







 2012
 the Company intends
to permanently reinvest the undistributed earnings from its foreign subsidiaries to fund future operations. The amount of unrecognized
deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences related to investments in foreign subsidiaries is not determined because such
a determination is not practicable.


tax assets
 the Company has considered whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during
the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred
tax assets to a net amount that management believes is more-likely-than-not realizable based on the weight of all available evidence.
As of December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance
recognized was $3
030
872 during 2011.


2006 to 2009 with the U.S. and the PRC taxing authorities.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 the Group had net operating tax
losses carried forward of $ $64
651
131
 which includes $ 22
302 and $64
628
829 in the US and PRC
 respectively. Those losses
carried forward in the US will expire between years 2013 and 2030. Those losses carried forward in the PRC will expire between
years 2013 and 2017.





 2012
 there
is no unrecognized tax benefit. Management does not anticipate any potential future adjustments in the next twelve months which
would result in a material change to its financial tax position.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Group did not
accrue any interest and penalties.




The Company
as a primary beneficiary of Yanglin
 consolidates Yanglin
 as a Variable Interest Entity (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;)
 of which we are the
primary beneficiary. The liabilities recognized as a result of consolidating a VIE do not represent additional claims on our general
assets; rather
 they represent claims against the specific assets of the consolidated VIE. Conversely
 assets recognized as a result

Reflected in the December 31
 2012 and 2011 balance sheets are consolidated VIE assets of $66.1 and $81.6 million

which are comprised mainly of cash
 inventory and property and equipment.&nbsp;VIE liabilities mainly consist of short term bank
loans and payables for working capital. &nbsp;


    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011





As mentioned
in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements
 as a result of entering into the contractual agreements
 WFOE is deemed to
control Yanglin as a Variable Interest Entity. These agreements may have restrictions on the ability of Yanglin to transfer funds

 advances and cash dividends which consist of additional paid in capital
 statutory
reserves and retained earnings of $5
323
500 and $28
867

 2012 and
2011. 


financial information of the Company only:

Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2012
and 2011



    
    
    

    
247
961
247
961

    
    
    

    
16
775
056
38
664
554

    
    
    

    
17
023
016
38
912
515

    
    
    

    
680
571
476
656

    
    
1
850
000

    
    
    

    
680
571
2
326
656

    
    
    

    
16
342
445
36
585
859

    
    
    

    
17
023
016
38
912
515


Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


    
    
    

    
(21
889
498
(12
110
462

    
(203
914
(268
053

    
(22
093
414
(12
378
514

    
    
    

    
1
850
000
(800
000

    
(20
243
414
(13
178
514

    
    
    

    
(20
243
414
(13
178
514




    
    




FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
2011






events through April 15
 2013
 the date these consolidated financial statements were issued
 and determined that there were no
other subsequent events or transactions that require recognition or disclosures in the financial statements except the following:

Temporary suspension of operation in Factory
No. 1 and No. 2


No. 2 were temporarily suspended as of January
 2013.. The management expects the operation will be restarted before the end of
second quarter in 2013.



    
    





this Annual Report on Form 10-K:



    
    
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 12
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Restated Articles of Incorporation incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 12
 2008.

    
    
    

    
    
Specimen of Common Stock certificate incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Designations authorizing the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Designations authorizing the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series A Warrant incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series B Warrant incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series J Warrant incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series C Warrant incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series D Warrant incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series E Warrant issued to Kuhns Brothers
 Inc. incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Series F Warrant issued to Mass Harmony Asset Management Limited incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Registration Rights Agreement dated October 3
 2007
 by and among the Company and the Purchasers
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Series J Registration Rights Agreement dated October 3
 2007
 by and among the Company
 Vision Opportunity Master Fund Ltd.
 Sansar Capital Special Opportunity Master Fund
 LP (Cayman Master) and Vicis Capital Master Fund
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.



    
    




    
    
Lock-Up Agreement
 dated as of October 3
 2007
 by and among the Company and Winner State (BVI)
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Share Exchange Agreement
 dated as of October 3
 2007 between the Company
 Winner State (BVI)
 Fang Chen
 Yang Miao and Ying Zhang
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the 10.1 to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement
 dated as of October 3
 2007 between the Company and the Purchasers
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 10.2 to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Securities Escrow Agreement
 dated October 3
 2007
 by and between the Company
 Vision Opportunity Master Fund
 Ltd as representative of the Purchasers
 Winner State (BVI) and Loeb &amp; Loeb LLP
 as escrow agent
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 10.3 to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Investor and Public Relations Escrow Agreement dated October 3
 2007
 by and between the Company
 Vision Opportunity Master Fund
 Ltd. and Loeb &amp; Loeb LLP
 as escrow agent incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 12
 2008.

    
    
    

    
    
Consulting Agreement
 dated as of October 3
 2007
 by and among the Company and Glenn A. Little
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 10.4 to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Engagement Letter Agreement
 dated December 12
 2006
 by and between Yanglin and Kuhns Brothers
 Inc
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 10.5 to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Mass Harmony Financial Consulting Agreement (MHA Agreement)
 dated November 2
 2006 by and between Yanglin and Mass Harmony Asset Management Limited
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 10.6 to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on&nbsp;October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
The Consignment Agreements
 dated as of September 1
 2007
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 10.7 to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Exclusive Purchase Option Agreement
 dated as of September 24
 2007
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 10.8 to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Registered Trademark Transfer Agreement
 dated as of September 24
 2007
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 10.9 to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Trademark Licensing Agreement
 dated as of September 24
 2007
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 10.10 to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Consigned Management Agreement
 dated as of September 24
 2007
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 10.11 to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.



    
    




    
    
Loan Agreement
 dated as of September 24
 2007
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 10.12 to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.




    
    
Form of soybean purchase contract incorporated by reference to the same number to our report on Form 10-k filed with the SEC on March 31
 2008

    
    
    

    
    
Form of sales contract for soybean product incorporated by reference to the same number to our report on Form 10-k filed with the SEC on March 31
 2008

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Contract-Shulin Liu as of Sept. 24
 2007 incorporated by reference to the same number to our report on Form 10-k filed with the SEC on March 31
 2008.

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Contract-Shaocheng Xu as of Sept. 24
 2007 incorporated by reference to the same number to our report on Form 10-k filed with the SEC on March 31
 2008.

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Contract-Zongtai Guo as of Sept. 24
 2007 incorporated by reference to the same number to our report on Form 10-k filed with the SEC on March 31
 2008.

    
    
    

    
    
Approval of Credit Line from The PRC Agricultural Development Bank&nbsp;&nbsp;dated October 18
 2008 incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.15 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Amendment No. 4
 file No. 333-150822) filed with the SEC on February 17
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
English Translation of Consulting Agreement dated Nov. 2
 2006 between the Company and Mass Harmony Management Ltd incorporated by reference to the exhibit 10.15 to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 12
 2008.

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement dated December 31
 2008 by and among the Company and the Holders incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
English Translation of Credit Line Approval Document incorporated by reference to the exhibit 10.17 to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 12
 2008.

    
    
    

    
    
Approval of Credit Line from China Agricultural Development Bank&nbsp;&nbsp;dated October 18
 2008 incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.15 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Amendment No. 4
 file No. 333-150822) filed with the SEC on February 17
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement among the Company and Vision Opportunity Master Fund
 Ltd. and certain other investors dated December 31
 2008&nbsp;&nbsp;incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to our report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Waiver and Release among the Company and Vision Opportunity Master Fund
 Ltd. and certain other investors dated December 31
 2008 incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to our report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Exclusive Purchase Option Agreement
 dated as of April 3
 2009 incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 13
 2009.




    
    





    
    
Amendment to Consigned Management Agreement
 dated as of April 3
 2009 incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
    

the Company and Molan Shangguan
 dated as of December 20
 2010 incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to our current report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 27
 2010.

    
    
    

    
    
    

Yanglin Soybean
 Inc. and Molan Shangguan
 dated as of December 20
 2010 incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to our current
report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 27
 2010.

    
    
    

    
    
    

the Company and Yang Nan
 dated as of December 26
 2011incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form
8-K/A filed with the SEC on January 12
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
    

        Soybean
 Inc. and Yang Nan
 dated as of December 26
 2011

        to our current report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on January 12
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 14.1 to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on March 12
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Letter from the Company to Hatfield
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Letter from Hatfield to the SEC
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Letter of Samuel H. Wong &amp; Company
 LLP
 dated February 26
 2008
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 16.1 to our report on Form 8-k/A filed with the SEC on February 28
 2008.

    
    
    

    
    
Letter of Samuel H. Wong &amp; Company
 LLP
 dated March 17
 2008
 incorporated by reference to the exhibit of 16.1 to our report on Form 8-k/A filed with the SEC on March 28
 2008.

    
    
    

    
    
List of Subsidiaries incorporated by reference to the exhibit of same number to our report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on October 10
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    

    
    
Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    


*



    
    



Schema Document. *

Calculation Linkbase Document *

Definition Linkbase Document *

Labels Linkbase Document *

Presentation Linkbase Document *






the Exchange Act
 the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
    
YANGLIN SOYBEAN
 INC.
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

&nbsp;Dated:&nbsp;April 16
 2013 
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer

    

    
    
    
    



 this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Chief Executive Officer

    
April 16
 2013 

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
April 16
 2013 

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
April 16
 2013 

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
April 16
 2013 

    
    
    
    
    
    


    














     





 Shulin Liu
 the Chief Executive Officer
of the registrant
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Yanglin Soybean
 Inc.
 for the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2012.


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;



Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15a-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles:



Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially
affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2013



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    













     





 Yang Nan
 the Chief Financial Officer of
the registrant
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Yanglin Soybean
 Inc.
 for the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2012.


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;



Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15a-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during&nbsp;the period in which this report is
being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles:


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially
affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2013



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    













     





Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350






Soybean
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 each of the undersigned of the Company
 certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


the Report fully complies
 in all material respects
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company.



    
/s/
    Shulin Liu
    

    
Shulin
    Liu
    

    
Chief
    Executive Officer
    

    
    
    

April
    16
 2013
    

    
    

    
/s/
    Yang Nan
    

    
Yang
    Nan
    

    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    

    
    
    

April
    16
 2013
    



required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and will be furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. This exhibit is not &ldquo;filed&rdquo; for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 but is instead furnished as provided by applicable rules of the SEC.&nbsp;



    
















 April 16


 April 16










2007-09-01


2007-09-24












2007-10-03












2007-10-03









2007-10-01


2007-10-03












2007-10-01


2007-10-03












2007-10-01


2007-10-03












2007-10-01


2007-10-03









2007-10-10












2007-10-10












2007-10-10









2007-10-01


2007-10-10












2007-10-01


2007-10-10












2007-10-01


2007-10-10












2007-10-01


2007-10-10












2007-01-01


2007-12-31












2007-01-01


2007-12-31









2008-10-01









2008-01-01


2008-12-31












2008-01-01


2008-12-31









2008-12-31









2009-01-01









2009-01-02


2009-01-31









2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31









2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31









2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31









2008-01-01


2011-12-31









2012-06-30









2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31









2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31









2013-04-08












Yanglin Soybean




































































































































































































































































































&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Yanglin Soybean
 Inc (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 26
 1921. Prior to October 3
 2007
 the Company had only nominal operations and assets. On October 3
 2007
 the Company executed a reverse-merger with Faith Winner Investments Limited (&amp;#8220;Faith Winner (BVI)&amp;#8221;) by an exchange of shares and the Company issued 18
500
000 common shares at $0.001 par value in exchange for all Faith Winner (BVI) shares. As a result of the shares exchange
 Faith Winner (BVI) became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The exchange transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 805 &amp;#8220;Business Combinations&amp;#8221;. The reverse-merger also&amp;#160;included an equity financing of $21
500
000 by the issuance of 9
999
999 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at $2.15 per share to ten accredited investors.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company is in the business of manufacturing
 distribution
 and selling of non-genetically modified soybean products
 including soybean oil
 salad oil
 soybean meal
 etc.
 throughout the Province of Heilongjiang and other parts of People's Republic of China (PRC).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company conducts its operations through the following subsidiaries: (a) a wholly-owned subsidiary in the British Virgin Islands: Faith Winner (BVI)
 (b) a wholly-owned subsidiary of Faith Winner (BVI) located in the PRC: Faith Winner (Jixian) Agriculture Development Company (&amp;#8220;WFOE&amp;#8221;) and (c) an entity located in the PRC: Yanglin Soybean Group Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Yanglin&amp;#8221;)
 which is controlled by the Company through contractual arrangements with WFOE
 as if Yanglin were a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company
 its subsidiaries and Yanglin are collectively referred to as &amp;#8220;the Group&amp;#8221;.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Faith Winner (BVI) and WFOE have entered into a series of agreements respectively with Yanglin and as a result of such agreements WFOE gained control of all of Yanglin&amp;#8217;s assets
 management and business as if Yanglin were a wholly-owned subsidiary of WFOE. These agreements included a loan agreement
 a consigned management agreement
 two consignment agreements of equity interests
 an exclusive purchase option agreement
 a registered trademark transfer contract and a trademark licensing agreement. The consignment agreements were entered into on September 1
 2007
 and the other agreements were all signed on September 24
 2007. The exclusive purchase option agreement and the consigned management agreement were amended as of April 3
 2009.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As described by the amendment
 the exercise price of the exclusive purchase option shall be $17
000
000
 or such greater amount as required by the then applicable Chinese law and regulations.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;If&amp;#160;WFOE elects to purchase the Equity Interests held by Shulin Liu and Huanqin Ding (collectively &amp;#8220;the Shareholders&amp;#8221;)
 all of the consideration net tax (the &amp;#8220; Consideration of Equity Transfer &amp;#8221; ) obtained by the Shareholders shall be used to repay Yanglin.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;If&amp;#160;WFOE elects to purchase the assets of Yanglin
&amp;#160;Yanglin shall use all of the consideration net tax (the &amp;#8220; Consideration of Assets Transfer &amp;#8221; ) to repay WFOE. To the extent that the Consideration of Equity Transfer or Assets Transfer is greater than $17
000
000 as required by the then applicable law or for any other reasons
 the excess shall be paid by Yanglin to WFOE as interest on the loan made under the Loan Agreement&amp;#160;dated September 24
 2007 between WFOE and Yanglin.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Pursuant to the above-mentioned agreements
 WFOE made a loan (&amp;#8220;the Loan&amp;#8221;) of $17 million on October 10
 2007 and it was utilized by Yanglin for working capital needs. In return
 the Company obtained management control and an exclusive right to acquire all of the equity of Yanglin. The rights of existing shareholders of Yanglin were assigned by the consignment of equity interests to Faith Winner (BVI). The exclusive purchase agreement and the loan agreement restrict both Yanglin and its shareholders from significant decisions including but not limited to any amendments of articles of association or rules of Yanglin
 any change in registered capital
 any transfer
 mortgage or disposal of Yanglin&amp;#8217;s assets or income in a way that would affect WFOE&amp;#8217;s security interest
 entering any material contract (exceeding RMB5 million in value) and distributing any dividends to the shareholders. Pursuant to the consigned management agreement between WFOE and Yanglin
 Yanglin agreed to entrust the business operations of Yanglin and its management to WFOE until WFOE formally acquires all equity or substantially all the assets of Yanglin. Under the consigned management agreement as amended on April 3
 2009
 WFOE will provide financial
 technical and human resources management services to Yanglin which will enable WFOE to control Yanglin's operations
 assets and cash flows. In turn
 WFOE will be entitled to a management fee equal to 5% of Yanglin&amp;#8217;s annual net sales on a yearly basis.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Under the Registered Trademark Transfer Agreement
 Yanglin agreed to transfer to WFOE all of its rights in connection with the two trademarks
 including without limitation the title of the trademarks and
 right to license (the &amp;#8220;Transferred Trademark&amp;#8221;) for a purchase price of $1
000
000
 which is subject to a purchase price adjustment based on the minimum&amp;#160;appraised value on intellectual property (&amp;#8220;IP&amp;#8221;) rights allowed under PRC laws and regulations for such transfer. Under the Trademark Licensing Agreement
 WFOE agreed to grant an exclusive license to Yanglin
 for a term of 10 years
 to use the Transferred Trademark for an annual licensing fee equal to 1% of Yanglin&amp;#8217;s net sales of that year. The license fee and the management fee aforesaid &amp;#8211;&amp;#160;a total of 6% of the annual net sales of Yanglin&amp;#160;&amp;#8211;&amp;#160;entitled&amp;#160;by WFOE are designed to approximate Yanglin&amp;#8217;s annual net profit. If the licensing and management fees entitled by WFOE&amp;#160;exceed the net income after tax of Yanglin
 Yanglin should not be obligated to pay WFOE any shortfall. In the event that the net income after tax is greater than the licensing and management fees entitled by WFOE
 Yanglin should maintain any excess on its books and should not distribute any of such excess as a dividend in any manner to its shareholders until WFOE exercises its exclusive purchase option pursuant to the Exclusive Purchase Option Agreement dated September 24
 2007 between Yanglin and WFOE and as amended on April 3
 2009.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;According to the exclusive purchase option agreement
 WFOE has the exclusive purchase option to purchase all or part of Yanglin&amp;#8217;s shareholders&amp;#8217; equity interest in Yanglin when and as permitted under PRC laws and regulations and no other party has the right to purchase any equity from the shareholders of Yanglin. The agreement provides that
 unless otherwise required under PRC laws and regulations
 the consideration for the equity transfer or the asset transfer under the agreement will be $17 million or such greater amount as required by the then applicable&amp;#160;PRC law and regulations (the &amp;#8220;Option Price&amp;#8221;). Under the loan agreement and the exclusive purchase option agreement
 the money received as the Option Price by the shareholders of Yanglin upon execution of the option shall be used to satisfy the repayment of the Loan. Therefore
 the actual consideration of the investment in Yanglin is exactly the amount of the Loan. Under such contractual arrangements
 all of the assets and equity including any residual profits of Yanglin are totally controlled by WFOE and will be formally captured upon exercise of the exclusive purchase option.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;The lo&lt;/font&gt;an of $17 million to Yanglin is considered as an investment in Yanglin by the Company through a series of contractual arrangements by way of the Loan. As a result of entering into the aforementioned agreements


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;GENERAL&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: red;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;(a) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis of presentation &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On September 30
 2009
 the Company adopted changes issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) to the authoritative hierarchy of GAAP.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These changes establish the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) as the source of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws are also sources of authoritative GAAP for SEC registrants.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The FASB will no longer issue new standards in the form of Statements
 FASB Staff Positions (&amp;#8220;FSP&amp;#8221;)
 or Emerging Issues Task Force Abstracts; instead the FASB will&amp;#160;issue Accounting Standards Updates (&amp;#8220;ASUs&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;ASUs will not be authoritative in their own right as they will only serve to update the ASC.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These changes and the ASC itself do not change GAAP.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Other than the manner in which new accounting guidance is referenced
 the adoption of these changes had no impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(b) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of consolidation &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The share exchange transaction has been accounted for as a recapitalization of Yanglin Soybean Inc. where the Company (the legal acquirer) is considered the accounting acquiree and Faith Winner (BVI) (the legal acquiree) is considered the accounting acquirer. As a result of this transaction
 the Company is deemed to be a continuation of the business of Faith Winner (BVI).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The historical stockholders&amp;#8217; equity of the accounting acquirer prior to the share exchange has&amp;#160;been retroactively restated as if the share exchange transaction occurred as of the beginning of the first period presented.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and the following subsidiaries
 as well as Yanglin
 a variable interest entity of which WFOE is the primary beneficiary as defined by ASC 810 &amp;#8220;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities.&amp;#8221; All intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Name&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Company&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Place&amp;#160;of &lt;br /&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Attributable &lt;br /&gt;interest&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Faith Winner Investments Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 12%;&gt;British&amp;#160;Virgin&amp;#160;Islands&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Faith Winner (Jixian) Agriculture Development Company&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr
 style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Heilongjiang Yanglin Soybean Group Co. Ltd*&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;*Deemed variable interest entity&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(c) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of estimates &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the carrying value and estimated useful lives of long-lived assets; valuation allowances for receivables; valuation of warrant liabilities; inventory and deferred tax assets. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates
 actual results reported in future periods may differ from those estimates. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically
 and the effect of revisions are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the period they are determined to be necessary.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(d) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Economic and political risks &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Group&amp;#8217;s operations are conducted in the PRC. Accordingly
 the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political
 economic and legal environment in the PRC
 and by the general state of the PRC economy.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Group&amp;#8217;s operations in the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Group&amp;#8217;s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(e) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible assets &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Intangible assets include land use rights and railway use rights.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Land use rights are stated at cost less accumulated amortization.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Amortization is provided over the respective useful lives
 using the straight-line method.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Estimated useful lives range from 22 to 50 years.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Railway use rights are stated at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is provided over the respective useful lives
 using the straight-line method. Estimated useful life is 10 years.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(f) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 plant and equipment &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times
 new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives of the property
 plant and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 82%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: right; width: 17%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;10 - 35 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;3.5 - 30 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;4 - 20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;6 - 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The costs and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to operations when incurred
 whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(g) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounting for the impairment of assets held for sale &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The assets held for sale by the Group are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of changes in technologies or situation in the industry.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Determination of recoverability of assets to be held and used is done by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to&amp;#160;the future net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the asset.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment losses to be recognized are measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets held for sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less estimated costs of disposal.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Group recognized $9
499
022 and $3
722
632 impairment loss on certain manufacturing facilities.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(h)&amp;#160; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Inventories consist of finished goods and raw materials
 and are stated at the lower of cost or market value. The cost of inventories is measured using the weighted average method. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an appropriate proportion of production overheads.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(i) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Trade receivables &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Trade receivables are recognized and carried at the original
 invoice amount less an allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An allowance for doubtful accounts is maintained for all customers after considering a variety of factors
 including the length of time past due
 significant one-time events and the company&amp;#8217;s historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Group writes off trade receivable against its allowance after reasonable collection efforts have been made and the accounts are deemed uncollectible.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(j) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Customer Deposits &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Customer deposits represents advance payments from customers prior to the delivery of goods.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company requires full payment from customers prior to delivery. Customer deposits are recognized in revenue upon delivery of goods.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(k) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Foreign currency translation &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented in United States dollars.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The reporting currency of the Group is the U.S. dollar (USD). WFOE and Yanglin use its local currency
 Renminbi (RMB)
 as its functional currency. Results of operations and cash flow are translated at average exchange rates during the period
 and assets and liabilities are translated at the end of period exchange rates. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are included in accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity. Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the results of operations as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The PRC government imposes significant exchange restrictions on fund transfers out of the PRC that are not related to business operations. These restrictions have not had a material impact on the Group because it has not engaged in any significant transactions that are subject to the restrictions.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The exchange rates used to translate amounts in RMB into USD for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Year end RMB : USD exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;6.3086&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;6.3585&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Average yearly RMB : USD exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6.3116&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6.4640&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;There is no assurance that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into USD at the rates used in translation.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(l) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph;
 text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Revenue is recognized upon the delivery of goods to customers. Revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria are met: Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the seller&amp;#8217;s price to the buyer&amp;#160;is fixed or determinable
 and collection is reasonably assured.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(m)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Costs of sales &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Cost of sales consists primarily of direct material costs
 direct labor cost
&amp;#160;and applicable overhead costs&amp;#160;attributable to the production of products.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Permanent write-down of inventory to the lower of cost or market value is also reflected in the cost of revenues. For the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 there were no written-down of inventories.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(n)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Group expenses all advertising expenses as incurred. There is no advertising expenses happened in 2012 and 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(o) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping and handling &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;All shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred and included in selling expense.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total shipping and handling expe&lt;/font&gt;nses were $44
212 and $61
837 for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(p)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company awards stock options and other equity-based instruments to its employees
 directors and consultants (collectively &amp;#8220;share-based payments&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Compensation cost related to such awards is measured based on the fair value of the instrument on the grant date and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period
 which generally equals the vesting period.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock-based compensation is based on grants of equity instruments and no liability awards have been granted.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(q) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Pension and Employee Benefits &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;Full time employees in PRC entities participate in a government mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits
 medical care
 unemployment insurance
 employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. The PRC labor regulations require the Group to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees' salaries. Management believes full time employees who have passed the probation period are entitled to such benefits.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;The total provisions for employee pension were $226
730 and $189
088 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify:
 inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 36px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(r) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income taxes &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Group accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between&amp;#160;the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Group is able to realize their benefits
 or the future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Group applied the provisions of ASC 740.10
&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Accounting For Uncertainty In Income Taxes
 which provides clarification related to the process associated with accounting for uncertain tax positions recognized in our consolidated financial statements. ASC 740.10 prescribes a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken
 or expected to be taken
 in a tax return. ASC 740.10 also provides guidance related to
 among other things
 classification
 accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions
 and disclosure requirements&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Group recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of operation. The Group&amp;#8217;s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 36px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(s) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Statutory reserves &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;Pursuant to the applicable laws in PRC
 PRC entities are required to make appropriations to three non-distributable reserve funds
 namely the statutory surplus reserve
 statutory public welfare fund
 and discretionary surplus reserve
 based on after-tax net earnings as determined in accordance with the PRC GAAP
 after offsetting any prior years&amp;#8217; losses. Appropriation to the statutory surplus reserve should be at least 10% of the after-tax net earnings until the reserve is equal to&lt;/font&gt; 50% of the Company's registered capital.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Appropriation to the statutory public welfare fund is 5% to 10% of the after-tax&amp;#160;net earnings.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The statutory public welfare fund is established for the purpose of providing employee facilities and other collective benefits to th&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;e employees and is non-distributable other than in liquidation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Beginning from January 1
 2006
 enterprises have no further requirements to make the appropriation to the statutory public welfare fund.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Discretionary surplus reserve is a prescribed percentage approved by the shareholder. The Group does not make appropriations to the discretionary surplus reserve fund. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;As provided in WFOE&amp;#8217;s and Yanglin&amp;#8217;s Articles of Association
 WFOE&amp;#8217;s and Yanglin&amp;#8217;s net income after taxation can only be distributed as dividends after appropriation has been made for the following:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 6%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 3%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 91%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Making up cumulative prior years&amp;#8217; losses
 if any;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 6%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 3%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;(ii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 91%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Allocations to the &amp;#8220;Statutory surplus reserve&amp;#8221; of at least 10% of net income after taxation
 as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations
 until the fund amounts to 50% of the Company's registered capital
 which is restricted for set off against losses
 expansion of production and operation or increase in registered capital;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 6%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 3%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times,
 serif;&gt;(iii) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 91%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Allocations to the discretionary surplus reserve
 if any. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;The Company established a statutory surplus reserve as well as a statutory&amp;#160;public welfare fund and commenced to appropriate 10% and 5%
 respectiv&lt;/font&gt;ely
 of the PRC net income after taxation to these reserves. The amounts included in the statutory reserves consisted of surplus reserve of $3
752
424 and common welfare fund of $1
876
212 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 36px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(t) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Comprehensive income &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Among other disclosures
 all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Group&amp;#8217;s current component of other comprehensive income is the foreign currency translation adjustment. &amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(u)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings&amp;#160;&amp;#160;per share &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company reports earnings per share in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 260.10
 Earnings Per Share.&amp;#8221; FASB ASC 260.10 requires presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share in conjunction with the disclosure of the methodology used in computing such earnings per share. Basic earnings per share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and converted into common stock using the treasury method.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(v)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Value-added tax (&amp;#8220;VAT&amp;#8221;) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Sales represent the involved value of goods, net of a VAT. All of Yanglin&amp;#8217;s products that are sold in PRC are subject to a Chinese VAT on the gross sales price. VAT from sales may be offset by VAT paid on purchase of raw materials included in the cost of producing the finished goods.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(w)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Warrant Liability&amp;#160; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Effective January 1, 2009, the Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815) (previously ElTF 07-5, Determining Whether an instrument (or an Embedded Feature) is Indexed to an Entity's Own Stock). As a result of adopting ASC 815, the outstanding warrants of the Company previously treated as equity pursuant to the derivative treatment exemption were no longer afforded equity treatment as there was a down-round protection (full-ratchet down round protection). As a result, the warrants are not considered indexed to the Company's own stock, and as such, all future changes in the fair value of these warrants will be recognized currently in earnings until such time as the warrants are exercised or expire.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;As such, effective January 1, 2009, the Company reclassified the fair value of these warrants from equity to liability, as if these warrants were treated as a derivative liability since their issuance in October 2007. On January 1, 2009 the Company recorded as a cumulative effect adjustment by decreasing additional paid-in capital amounting to $15,003,941 and decreasing beginning retained earnings by the amount of $72,047,158 and recording $87,051,099 as a warrant liability to recognize the fair value of such warrants on January 1, 2009. The fair value of the warrants was $0 and $1,850,000 on December 31, 2012 and 2011 respectively. The Company recognized $1,850,000 as income and $800,000 as loss from the expiration of Warrant Liability for the year ended December 31, 2012 and from the change in fair value of warrants for the year ended December 31, 2011 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p
 style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company determined the fair values of these securities using a modified lattice valuation model.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(x)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;In July 2012, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-01, Health Care Entities (Topic 954): Continuing Care Retirement Communities &amp;#8212; Refundable Advance Fees. This ASU clarifies that an entity should classify an advance fee as deferred revenue when a continuing care retirement community has a resident contract that provides for payment of the refundable advance fee upon reoccupancy by a subsequent resident, which is limited to the proceeds of reoccupancy. Refundable advance fees that are contingent upon reoccupancy by a subsequent resident but are not limited to the proceeds of reoccupancy should be accounted for and reported as a liability. For public entities (including conduit bond obligors), the amendments in ASU No. 2012-01 are effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2012. For nonpublic entities, the amendments to the codification in the ASU are effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in ASU No. 2012-01 should be applied retrospectively by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to opening retained earnings (or unrestricted net assets) as of the beginning of the earliest period presented.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;In July 2012, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-02, Intangibles&amp;#8212;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment. This ASU states that an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If, after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, then the entity is not required to take further action. However, if an entity concludes otherwise, then it is required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying amount in accordance with Codification Subtopic 350-30, Intangibles&amp;#8212;Goodwill and Other, General Intangibles Other than Goodwill. Under the guidance in this ASU, an entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. An entity will be able to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2012. Early adoption is permitted, including for annual and interim impairment tests performed as of a date before July 27, 2012, if a public entity&amp;#8217;s financial statements for the most recent annual or interim period have not yet been issued or, for nonpublic entities, have not yet been made available for issuance.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;In August 2012, FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-03, Technical Amendments and Corrections to SEC Sections. This ASU amends various SEC paragraphs pursuant to SAB 114, SEC Release No. 33-9250, and ASU 2010-22, which amend or rescind portions of certain SAB Topics.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;In October 2012, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-04, Technical Corrections and Improvements. This ASU make technical corrections, clarifications, and limited-scope improvements to various Topics throughout the Codification. The amendments in this ASU that will not have transition guidance will be effective upon issuance for both public entities and nonpublic entities. For public entities, the amendments that are subject to the transition guidance will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2012. For nonpublic entities, the amendments that are subject to the transition guidance will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;In October 2012, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-05, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230). This ASU addresses how cash receipts arising from the sale of certain donated financial assets, such as securities, should be classified in the statement of cash flows of not-for-profit entities (NFPs). Some NFPs classify those cash receipts as investing cash inflows, while other entities classify them as either operating cash inflows or financing cash inflows, consistent with their treatment of inflows arising from cash contributions. The objective of this Update is for an NFP to classify cash receipts from the sale of donated financial assets consistently with cash donations received in the statement of cash flows if those cash receipts were from the sale of donated financial assets that upon receipt were directed without the NFP imposing any limitations for sale and were converted nearly immediately into cash. The amendments in the ASU are effective prospectively for fiscal years, and interim fiscal periods within those years, beginning after June 15, 2013. Retrospective application to all periods presented upon the date of adoption is permitted. Early adoption from the beginning of the
 fiscal year of adoption is permitted.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;In October 2012, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-06, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Subsequent Accounting for an Indemnification Asset Recognized at the Acquisition Date as a Result of a Government-Assisted Acquisition of a Financial Institution. This ASU addresses the diversity in practice about how to interpret the terms on the same basis and contractual limitations when subsequently measuring an indemnification asset recognized in a government-assisted (Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or National Credit Union Administration) acquisition of a financial institution that includes a loss-sharing agreement (indemnification agreement). For public and nonpublic entities, the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning on or after December 15, 2012. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied prospectively to any new indemnification assets acquired after the date of adoption and to indemnification assets existing as of the date of adoption arising from a government-assisted acquisition of a financial institution.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;FAIR VALUE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;As defined in FASB ASC Topic No. 820 &amp;#8211; 10 (formerly SFAS 157), fair value is the price that would be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. FASB ASC Topic No. 820 &amp;#8211; 10 requires disclosure that establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements. The statement requires fair value measurements be classified and disclosed in one of the following categories:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The levels of fair value hierarchy are as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. The Company considers active markets as those in which transactions for the assets or liabilities occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.4in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.8in; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Level 2 Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs which are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. This category includes those derivative instruments that La Cortez values using observable market data. Substantially all of these inputs are observable in the marketplace throughout the term of the derivative instruments, can be derived from observable data, or supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.4in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.8in; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Level 3 Measured based on prices or valuation models that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and less observable from objective sources (i.e. supported by little or no market activity). Yanglin&amp;#8217;s valuation models are primarily industry standard models. Level 3 instruments include derivative warrant instruments. Yangling does not have sufficient corroborating evidence to support classifying these assets and liabilities as Level 1 or Level 2.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;CREDIT RISK AND CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS CONCENTRATIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Financial instruments which potentially expose the Group to concentrations of credit risk, is cash and accounts receivable as of December 31, 2012 and 2011. The Group performs ongoing evaluations of its cash position and credit evaluations of customers to ensure sound collections and&amp;#160;minimize credit losses exposure.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;CASH- U.S. ACCOUNTS&amp;#8211; (RESTRICTED)&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, for both&lt;/font&gt;, the Group&amp;#8217;s restricted cash&amp;#160;of $247,961 was kept&amp;#160;in bank account in the U.S. Cash accounts at financial institutions in the U.S. may exceed the federal depository insurance coverage limits. In October 2008, the FDIC increased its insurance from $100,000 per depositor to $250,000 and to an unlimited amount for non-interest bearing accounts. The coverage increase, which is temporary, extends through December 31, 2013 and June 30, 2010, respectively. All of the cash held in the U.S. is fully insured. Lastly, there is no unrestricted cash in U.S. accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;CASH- PRC ACCOUNTS&amp;#8211; (RESTRICTED AND UN-RESTRICTED)&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, the Group&amp;#8217;s&amp;#160;cash was with banks in the PRC where there is currently no rule or regulation mandated on obligatory insurance of bank accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;SALES AND VENDOR&amp;#160;CONCENTRATIONS&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;For the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, all of the Group&amp;#8217;s sales were generated within the PRC. In addition, all accounts receivable as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, are from entities within the PRC.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;For the years ended December 31, 2012and 2011, no customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group&amp;#8217;s revenue.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;CASH-RESTRICTED&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Cash-restricted consists of the following at December 31:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 62%;&gt;Bank deposits held in trust account &amp;#8211; U.S.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;247,961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;247,961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;247,961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;247,961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;TRADE RECEIVABLES, NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Details of trade receivables consist of the following at December 31:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Trade receivables, gross&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;350,861&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;2,897,945&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(2,116&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(14,848&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Net balance at end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;348,745&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2,883,097&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;An analysis of the allowance for doubtful accounts for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;14,848&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;345&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;(Reduction) / Addition of bad debt expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(12,732&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;14,503&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Foreign exchange adjustment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2,116&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;14,848&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:
 justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Inventories consist of the following at December 31:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAID EXPENSES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Details of other receivables and prepaid expenses consist of the following at December 31:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Advances for materials&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;3,360&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;3,334&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Prepayment for customers&amp;#8217; transportation costs&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,817&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;45,391&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Advances for travel&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;625&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,959&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Prepaid service fee&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Property, plant and equipment consist of the following at December 31:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.25in; width: 62%;&gt;Building&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;5,147,160&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;9,859,374&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.25in;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;27,887,091&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;27,668,240&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.25in;&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;115,636&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;114,728&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 0.25in;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,456,799&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,445,366&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;34,606,686&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;39,087,708&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 0.25in;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;(16,999,3330&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(15,627,5166&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 0.25in;&gt;Less: fixed assets impairment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(12,446,329&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(3,784,398&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;5,161,024&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;19,675,794&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;
 padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;5,161,024&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;19,675,794&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;As of December 31, 2011, machinery and equipment with net book value of $5,561,694 and buildings with net book value of $1,474,418 of the Company were pledged as collateral under certain loan arrangements. These loans were primarily obtained for general working capital.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Temporarily Idle Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Included in the above balances of property, plant and equipment are assets deemed as temporarily idle by the management comprising of the following at December 31:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;949,232&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4,120,468&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5,069,700&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1,285,302&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Less: allowance for impairment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(3,784,398&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Net book value&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Depreciation expense is included in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;
 colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;1,498,284&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;2,153,654&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;620,688&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;837,540&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total depreciation expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2,118,972&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2,991,194&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment Loss of Fixed Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Group analyzes the assets for impairment when events or circumstances occur that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. The Group considers a property to be impaired when the sum of future undiscounted cash flows during its remaining estimated holding period is less than the carrying value of the asset. For impaired assets, the Group records an impairment charge equal to the excess of the property&amp;#8217;s carrying value over its estimated fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Intangible assets consist of the following at December 31:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Land use rights, at cost&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;2,852,692&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;4,306,011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Railway use rights, at cost&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,299,813&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,289,612&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1,346,829&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1,310,267&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2,805,676&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;4,285,356&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2012 the land use rights in factory No.3 with the net book value of $ 1,292,720 was collected by the local government, the compensation for the collection above is still in the negotiation with the government.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;There&amp;#160;were no other additions or disposals during the year ended December 31, 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Amortization expenses are included in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;0-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Selling expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;141,518&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;138,182&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;82,142&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;89,542&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total amortization expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;223,660&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;227,724&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The estimated aggregate amortization expenses for intangible assets for the five succeeding years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 45%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;SHORT-TERM BANK LOANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 0.1in;&gt;A)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Short-term bank loans&lt;u&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/u&gt;consist of the following at December 31:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 94%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center;&gt;Collateral&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 48%; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China, interest rates at 6.56% per annum, due July 23, 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;7,863,489&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 25%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China, interest rates at 6.56% per annum, due August 10, 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6,290,792&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China, interest rates at 6.56% per annum, due September 06, 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,145,396&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China, interest rates at 6.56% per annum, due September 14, 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,145,396&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China, interest rates at 6.56% per annum, due October 12, 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,572,698&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Machinery and equipment owned by Yanglin&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China, interest rates at 6.56% per annum, due January 16, 2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,110,706&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; vertical-align: top;&gt;Balance at end of period&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1,110,706&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;22,017,771&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;These loans were obtained a&lt;/font&gt;nd used by Yanglin for working capital. Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 were $1,247,522 and $980,669 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 0.4in;&gt;B)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Credit lines&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;OTHER PAYABLES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Other payables consist of the following at December 31:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;LONG-TERM BANK LOAN&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Long-term bank loans&lt;u&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/u&gt;consist of the following at December 31:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 95%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center;&gt;Collateral&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 48%; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China, interest rates at 5.76% per annum, due August 26, 2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;2,853,248&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;4,246,284&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 25%;&gt;Building, machinery and equipment and land use right&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; vertical-align: top;&gt;Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1,426,624&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1,415,428&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; vertical-align: top;&gt;Balance at the end of period&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1,426,624&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2,830,856&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;These loans were obtained and used by Yanglin for upgrading its products and expanding storage facilities. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 was&amp;#160;$255,986 and $311,881, respectively. As December 31, 2012, the value of these pledged buildings, machineries and equipments and land use right was written off as the land use right of Factory 3 was resumed by government and the buildings were dismantled and machineries and equipments were written off for ceased production in July of 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The future principal payments under the bank loans are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 50%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 0.4in;&gt;A)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Loans from related parties consist of the following at December 31:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Loans from certain employees, interest rates at 7.722% and 9.405% per annum respectively, with various installments, due October 28, 2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;197,875&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;237,328&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Current portion due within one year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(45,779&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(42,187&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;152,096&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;195,141&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;These loans were obtained and used by Yanglin for working capital. All of the installments due during 2012 were paid on their due dates.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 were $19,938 and $21,374 , respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;These loans are between Yanglin, Mr., Shulin Liu, the CEO of Yanglin, and certain employees and officers of Yanglin. Mr. Shulin Liu gifted 12 houses to these employees and officers for their long-term services, and these employees and officers&amp;#160;personally obtained mortgage loans from the Industrial and Commercial Bank of The PRC, using these houses as collateral.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The employees simultaneously loaned the proceeds to Yanglin to be used as working capital. These employees and officers have been making principal and interest payments on the loans directly to the bank and Yanglin will&amp;#160;reimburse them for the full amount at a later date.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; color: red;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The future principal payments under the bank loans are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;For the year ended December 31,&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 87%;&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;45,779&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;49,381&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;53,269&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;48,481&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;965&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;197,875&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 0.4in;&gt;B)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Heilongjiang Yanglin Group Seed Co. Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Heilongjiang Yanglin Group Seed Co. Ltd. &amp;#8220;Yanglin Seed Co.&amp;#8221;, which is wholly owned and managed by Mr. Shulin Liu, our chief executive officer, is an affiliate of the Company. Yanglin Seeds Co. supplies the farmers with &amp;#8220;Yanglin&amp;#8221; brand soybean seeds which provide higher oil yield. Pursuant to annual intentional supply agreements with the Company, the farmers sell the harvested soybeans to Yanglin. Yanglin Seeds Co. extends favorable commercial terms to these farmers, such as competitive price, for them to purchase &amp;#8220;Yanglin&amp;#8221; soybean seeds. Meanwhile, Yanglin offers cash-upon-delivery payment terms to the farmers for purchases of the harvested soybeans grown from &amp;#8220;Yanglin&amp;#8221; soybean seeds. These arrangements ensure that we maintain good relations with our suppliers, enjoy a stable supply of soybeans that meet our high quality standards. There was no related party transaction or commitment between Yanglin Seed Co. and the Group in 2012 and 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 0.4in;&gt;C)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Stock exchange listing shares contributed by majority shareholder&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND WARRANTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;SERIES A&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;On October 3, 2007, the Company sold 9,999,999 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and various stock purchase warrants for cash consideration totaling $21.5 million dollars. In addition, in connection with the sale of the Preferred Stock, certain advisors were provided warrants. The number of shares, exercise price and contractual terms eligible to be purchased with the warrants are summarized in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 29.7pt; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 92%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;warrants&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;warrant&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;price&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Contractual&amp;#160;term&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Expiration&amp;#160;Date&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 16%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series A&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;10,000,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.75&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;October 2, 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series B&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5,000,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.50&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;October 2, 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series J&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.37&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;April 3, 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series C&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.03&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;April 3, 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series D&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.85&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;April 3, 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series E&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1,000,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.58&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;October 2, 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series F&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;500,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.01&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;October 2, 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;16,500,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;
 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;On April 3, 2009, the series J, C and D warrants expired unexercised.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;On October 2, 2012, the series A,B,E and F warrants expired unexercised.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has liquidation rights senior to common stock and to any other class or series of stock issued by the Company not designated as ranking senior to or pari passu with Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. In the event of a liquidation of the Company, holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive a distribution equal to $2.15 per share prior to any distribution to the holders of common stock or any other stock that ranks junior to the Series A Convertible Preferred Shares. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to non-cumulative dividends only upon declaration of dividends by the Company. To date, no dividends have been declared or accrued. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will participate based on their respective &amp;#8220;as-if&amp;#8221; conversion rates if the Company declares any dividends. Holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock also have voting rights required by applicable law and the relevant number of votes shall be equal to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The gross proceeds of the sale were $21.5 million. The proceeds from the sale were allocated to Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, warrants and beneficial conversion features based on the relative fair value of the securities. The value of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock was determined by reference to the market price of the common stock into which it converts, and the fair value of the warrants was calculated using the Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions: expected life of 5 year, expected dividend rate of 0%, volatility of 27% and an interest rate of 4.24%.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company recognized a beneficial conversion feature discount on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at its intrinsic value, which was the fair value of the common stock at the commitment date for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock investment, less the effective conversion price but limited to the $21.5 million of proceeds received from the sale. The Company recognized the $8.0 million beneficial conversion feature as an increase in paid in capital in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet on the date of issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred Stocks since these shares were convertible at the issuance date.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Shares is convertible into one share of Common Stock, subject to standard adjustment provisions as set forth in the Certificate of Designations for our Series A Convertible Preferred Shares,&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2012 710,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into 710,000 shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2011, 400,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into 400,000 shares of common stock.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;In connection to the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock as described above, on October 10, 2007, the Company also issued 1,000,000 Series E warrants at an exercise price of $2.58 per share and 500,000 Series F warrants at an exercise price of $3.01 per share to an investment banker and financial advisor, respectively. These warrants each have a five year term. The fair value of Series E warrants was $532,800 and Series F warrants was $205,452, and was recorded as offering cost of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock transaction.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The fair value of the Series E and F warrants was calculated using the Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions: expected life of 5 year, expected dividend rate of 0%, volatility of 27% and an interest rate of 4.24%.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The agreement also provides that if the Company doesn&amp;#8217;t file, or if the registration statements aren&amp;#8217;t declared effective throughout the required period, or if the Company ceases to trade on certain exchanges as defined, the Company shall pay damages equal to 1.5% of the amount invested for each calendar month capped at a cumulative damage payment amount of 15%. In connection with the sale of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock during October 2007, the Company committed to apply to list and have its shares of common stock traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market or any successor market thereto (collectively, &amp;#8220;Nasdaq&amp;#8221;), or the New York Stock Exchange or any successor market thereto (together with Nasdaq, each a &amp;#8220;National Stock Exchange&amp;#8221;), no later than December 31, 2008. As a result of failing to achieve such listing, the Company&amp;#8217;s majority shareholder, Winner State Investments Limited,
 committed to transfer 1,000,000 shares of common stock in the Company to the purchasers of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company. The Company has accounted for this as a contribution of capital by its majority stockholder and recorded a charge to operations in the amount of $4,480,000 for the year ended December 31, 2008. Such shares were valued based on the closing market price of $4.48 per share on December 31, 2008.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement dated as of October 3, 2007 by and among the Company and certain holders (the Holders), the Company agreed to have a registration statement registering certain of the securities of the Holders declared effective with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;) on or prior to the Effectiveness&amp;#160;Date defined in the Registration Rights Agreement, which was December 31, 2008, or pay the liquidated damages.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Although the registration statement was not declared effective&amp;#160;as of December 31, 2008, pursuant to a Waiver and Release dated December 31, 2008,&amp;#160;the Holders have waived their right to the liquidated damages for the Company&amp;#8217;s failure to have the registration statement declared effective on or prior to&amp;#160;the Effectiveness date under Registration Rights Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;In exchange for the waiver and release of the liquidated damages, the Company entered into an Agreement dated December 31, 2008 (the Agreement). Under the Agreement, the Company agreed to hire and engage, by February 28, 2009, three (3) independent directors as defined by NASDAQ Rule 4200(a)(15) and who are acceptable to the Holders. Further, the Company shall comply with all of the provisions of NASDAQ Rule 4350 by February 28, 2009. If these requirements are not met, the Company shall pay to each Holder five percent (5%) of its initial investment under the Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and the Holders dated October 3, 2007. On February 27, 2009, the Company signed an addendum to the Agreement with the Holders, which extended the deadline for hiring and engaging three (3) independent directors to March 13, 2009. On March 9, 2009, the Company adopted a form of new Bylaws, appointed three (3) independent directors, established three (3) standing committees under the Board of Directors (audit committee, compensation committee and governance and nominating committee), and approved the articles of the three (3) above&amp;#160;mentioned standing committees and the Code of Conduct and Ethics, and thus has been compliant with the provisions of NASDAQ Rule 4350. In addition, the Company agreed to effect and announce, no later than June 30, 2009, a change to the Company&amp;#8217;s current independent audit firm and engage a new independent audit firm listed as a Top 10 audit firm according to Public Accounting Report&amp;#8217;s 2008 Annual Audit Rankings to audit the 2009 financial statements and review the interim financial statements.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company has engaged UHY LLP, Inc. as its independent audit firm starting with the quarter ended June 30, 2009.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;If these requirements were not met, the Company had to pay to each Holder ten percent (10%) of its initial investment under the Securities Purchase Agreement. Furthermore, the Company and the Holders agreed to extend the required Effectiveness Date of the Company&amp;#8217;s Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to September 30, 2009. The Company has complied with these requirements&amp;#160;as of&amp;#160;September 30, 2009 and the Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on June 29, 2009.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Effective January 1, 2009, the Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815) (previously ElTF 07-5, Determining Whether an instrument (or an Embedded Feature) is Indexed to an Entity's Own Stock). As a result of adopting ASC 815, warrants to purchase 34,503,170 of the Company's common stock previously treated as equity pursuant to the derivative treatment exemption were no longer afforded equity treatment as there was a down-round protection (full-ratchet down round protection). As a result, the warrants are not considered indexed to the Company's own stock, and as such, all future changes in the fair value of these warrants will be recognized currently in earnings until such time as the warrants are exercised or expire.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;As such, effective January 1, 2009, the Company reclassified the fair value of these warrants from equity to liability, as if these warrants were treated as a derivative liability since their issuance in October 2007. On January 1, 2009, the Company recorded as a cumulative effect adjustment by decreasing additional paid-in capital amounting to $15,003,941 and decreasing beginning retained earnings amounting to $72,047,158 and recording $87,051,099 as a warrant liability to recognize the fair value of such warrants on January 1, 2009. The fair value of the warrants was $0 and $1,850,000 on December 31, 2012 and 2011 respectively. The Company recognized $1,850,000 as income from the expiration of warrants liability and $800,000 as loss from the change in fair value of warrants for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;SERIES B&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Series B Convertible Preferred Stock has par value of $0.001 per share and each share of the Series B Convertible Preferred Shares is
 convertible into one share of the Common Stock, subject to standard adjustment provisions in the Certificate of Designations for Series B Convertible Preferred Shares.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;After the expiration of the Series J Warrants on April 3, 2009, all of the unissued Series B convertible Preferred Shares were cancelled and reverted to the status of authorized but unissued preferred stock, undesignated as to series and subject to reissuance as shares of preferred stock of any one or more series as permitted by the Articles of Incorporation. There were no issued and outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Shares as of December 31, 2012 and 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The following table summarizes warrant activity for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;STOCK OPTIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;At the time the Company appointed Mr. Michael Marks as an independent director, the Company agreed to grant Mr. Marks, as part of his compensation, 20,000 stock options annually. The stock options will be granted at the end of each quarter with the exercise price being the stock price at the last trading day of the quarter. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company granted an aggregate of 15,000 options to an independent director in connection with his service in 2011 as he has resigned his position in October 2011. The options have exercise price ranges from $0.30-$3.10 per share and are fully vested on the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company valued the stock options by the Black Scholes model with the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&lt;br /&gt;Options&amp;#160;Issued&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Expected&lt;br /&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Term&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Expected&lt;br /&gt;Volatility&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Dividend&lt;br /&gt;Yield&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Risk&amp;#160;Free&lt;br /&gt;Interest&amp;#160;Rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Grant&amp;#160;Date&lt;br /&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%;&gt;5,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 14%;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%;&gt;2.54&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 13%;&gt;11,292&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2.31&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;11,646&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2.69&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;11,117&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2.55&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;10,126&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1.79&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;8,603&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1.27&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,761&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2.01&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,123&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;5,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;2.24&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;3,567&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1.76&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,309&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;5,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom:
 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;0.96&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;4,605&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;50,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;67,149&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The following is a summary of the option activity:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Options&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Weighted-average&lt;br /&gt;exercise&amp;#160;price&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;Intrinsic&amp;#160;Value&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 61%;&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;50,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;1.79&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;Issued&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;Expired&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;50,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1.79&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p
 style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Following is a summary of the status of options outstanding at December 31, 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Options&amp;#160;outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Options&amp;#160;exercisable&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-style: normal; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; text-decoration: none;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range&amp;#160;of&lt;br /&gt;exercise&lt;br /&gt;prices&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;br /&gt;outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=font-style: normal; margin: 0pt 0px; font-weight: normal;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;contractual&amp;#160;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font-style: normal; margin: 0pt 0px; font-weight: normal;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;average&lt;br /&gt;exercise&amp;#160;price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;br /&gt;exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;average&amp;#160;exercise&lt;br /&gt;price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 35%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$0.30-$3.10&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;50,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.63&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.79&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;50,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.79&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;18.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;EARNINGS PER SHARE &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the common stock holders is based on the following data:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: underline;&gt;Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;(Loss)Earnings:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;(Loss)Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(20,544,333&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(14,963,711&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Effect of dilutive potential common stock&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;(Loss)Earnings for the purpose of dilutive earnings per share&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(20,544,333&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(14,963,711&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: underline;&gt;Denominator&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Number of shares:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Weighted average number of common stock for the purpose of basic earnings per share&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;20,927,366&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;20,481,557&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Effect of dilutive potential common stock - conversion of convertible preferred stock&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;8,424,883&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;9,134,883&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Effect of dilutive potential common stock - conversion of warrants&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4,397&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Anti-dilutive effect of preferred stock and warrants&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(8,424,883&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom:
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;19.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Corporate Income Tax (&amp;#8220;CIT&amp;#8221;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Company has not recorded a provision for U.S. federal income tax for the year ended December 31, 2012 due to the cumulative net operating loss in the United States.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Faith Winner (BVI) was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and is not subject to income taxes under the current laws of the British Virgin Islands.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;WFOE and Yanglin&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;On March 16, 2007, the National People&amp;#8217;s Congress of China approved the new Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC (New CIT Law), which is effective from January 1, 2008.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Prior to January 1, 2008, the CIT rates applicable to our subsidiaries in the PRC ranged from 0% to 33%. After January 1, 2008, under the New CIT Law, the statutory corporate income tax rate applicable to most companies is 25% instead of the old tax rate of 33%. The tax rate applicable to WFOE and Yanglin is 25%. Yanglin has been named as a National Key Leading Enterprise in Agriculture and awarded a tax exemption through 2011 by the PRC central government.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;For year 2011&amp;#8217;s tax exemption, a review by the local tax authority of the PRC is also required.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;In accordance with the New CIT Law, enterprises established under the laws of foreign countries or regions and whose &amp;#8220;place of effective management&amp;#8221; is located within the PRC territory are considered PRC resident enterprises and subject to the PRC income tax at the rate&amp;#160;of 25% on worldwide income. The definition of &amp;#8220;place of effective management&amp;#8221; refers to an establishment that exercises, in substance, overall management and control over the production and business, personnel, accounting, properties, etc. of an enterprise. As of December 31, 2012, no detailed interpretation of guidance has been issued to define &amp;#8220;place of effective management&amp;#8221;.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Furthermore, as of December 31, 2012, the administrative practice associated with interpreting and applying the concept of &amp;#8220;place&amp;#160;of effective management&amp;#8221; is unclear. If the Company&amp;#8217;s non-PRC incorporated entities are deemed PRC tax residents, such entities would be subject to PRC tax under the New CIT Law. The Company has analyzed the applicability of this law, as of December 31, 2012, and the Company has not accrued for PRC tax on such basis. The Company will continue to monitor changes in the interpretation or guidance of this law.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The New CIT Law also imposes a 10% withholding income tax, subject to reduction based on tax treaty where applicable, for dividends distributed by a foreign invested enterprise to its immediate holding company outside China. Such dividends were exempted from PRC tax under the previous income tax law and regulations. The foreign investment enterprises&amp;#160;are subject to the withholding tax starting from January 1, 2008.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Income before income taxes:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Non-PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;1,646,085&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(95,480&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(22,190,417&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(10,349,455&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(20,544,333&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(10,444,935&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;There is no income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;A reconciliation between the income tax expense computed at the U.S. statutory rate and the Group&amp;#8217;s provision for income tax is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;U.S. statutory rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;PRC Enterprise Income Tax&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(34&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(34&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Tax exemption in PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Provision for income tax&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences and loss carry forwards that give rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets at December 31, 2012 and 2011 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;
 colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;1,168,946&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;1,160,907&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;33,845&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;33,940&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Assets held for sale&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;313,064&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;310,607&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;13,916,945&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;10,894,207&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;22,921&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;25,187&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Gross deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;15,455,720&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;12,424,848&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(15,455,720&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(12,424,848&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;0-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;0-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;As of December 31, 2012, the Company intends to permanently reinvest the undistributed earnings from its foreign subsidiaries to fund future operations. The amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences related to investments in foreign subsidiaries is not determined because such a determination is not practicable.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company has considered whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to a net amount that management believes is more-likely-than-not realizable based on the weight of all available evidence. As of December 31, 2012, the Company recorded a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance recognized was $3,030,872 during 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Group has open tax years from year 2006 to 2009 with the U.S. and the PRC taxing authorities.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As of December 31, 2012, the Group had net operating tax losses carried forward of $ $64,651,131, which includes $ 22,302 and $64,628,829 in the US and PRC, respectively. Those losses carried forward in the US will expire between years 2013 and 2030. Those losses carried forward in the PRC will expire between years 2013 and 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td
 style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Uncertain Tax Provision&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;20.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;21.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;PARENT-ONLY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;As mentioned in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, as a result of entering into the contractual agreements, WFOE is deemed to control Yanglin as a Variable Interest Entity. These agreements may have restrictions on the ability of Yanglin to transfer funds to the Company throug&lt;/font&gt;h intercompany loans, advances and cash dividends which consist of additional paid in capital, statutory reserves and retained earnings of $5,323,500 and $28,867,833 respectivel&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;y as at December 31, 2012 and 2011. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The following tables present unconsolidated financial information of the Company only:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2012 and 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Cash &amp;#8211; restricted&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;247,961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;247,961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Other prepayment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Investments in subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;16,775,056&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;38,664,554&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;17,023,016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;38,912,515&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;680,571&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;476,656&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Warrant liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,850,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
 left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;680,571&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,326,656&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Total shareholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;16,342,445&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;36,585,859&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total liabilities and shareholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;17,023,016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;38,912,515&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Investment (loss) income&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(21,889,498&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(12,110,462&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(203,914&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(268,053&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;(Loss) income from operations before income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(22,093,414&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(12,378,514&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Change in fair value of warrants&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,850,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(800,000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(20,243,414&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(13,178,514&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom:
 black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(a) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis of presentation &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;b) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of consolidation &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The share exchange transaction has been accounted for as a recapitalization of Yanglin Soybean Inc. where the Company (the legal acquirer) is considered the accounting acquiree and Faith Winner (BVI) (the legal acquiree) is considered the accounting acquirer. As a result of this transaction, the Company is deemed to be a continuation of the business of Faith Winner (BVI).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The historical stockholders&amp;#8217; equity of the accounting acquirer prior to the share exchange has&amp;#160;been retroactively restated as if the share exchange transaction occurred as of the beginning of the first period presented.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and the following subsidiaries, as well as Yanglin, a variable interest entity of which WFOE is the primary beneficiary as defined by ASC 810 &amp;#8220;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities.&amp;#8221; All intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Name&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Company&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Place&amp;#160;of &lt;br /&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Attributable &lt;br /&gt;interest&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Faith Winner Investments Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 12%;&gt;British&amp;#160;Virgin&amp;#160;Islands&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Faith Winner (Jixian) Agriculture Development Company&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Heilongjiang Yanglin Soybean Group Co. Ltd*&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(c) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of estimates &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(d) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Economic and political risks &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Group&amp;#8217;s operations are conducted in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company&amp;#8217;s business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political, economic and legal environment in the PRC, and by the general state of the PRC economy.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(e) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible assets &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Intangible assets include land use rights and railway use rights.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Land use rights are stated at cost less accumulated amortization.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Amortization is provided over the respective useful lives, using the straight-line method.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Estimated useful lives range from 22 to 50 years.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(f) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property, plant and equipment &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives of the property, plant and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 82%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: right; width: 17%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;10 - 35 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;3.5 - 30 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;4 - 20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;6 - 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(g) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounting for the impairment of assets held for sale &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The assets held for sale by the Group are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of changes in technologies or situation in the industry.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Determination of recoverability of assets to be held and used is done by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to&amp;#160;the future net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the asset.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment losses to be recognized are measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets held for sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less estimated costs of disposal.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(h)&amp;#160; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(i) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Trade receivables &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Trade receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less an allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An allowance for doubtful accounts is maintained for all customers after considering a variety of factors, including the length of time past due, significant one-time events and the company&amp;#8217;s historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(j) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Customer Deposits &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(k) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Foreign currency translation &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented in United States dollars.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The reporting currency of the Group is the U.S. dollar (USD). WFOE and Yanglin use its local currency, Renminbi (RMB), as its functional currency. Results of operations and cash flow are translated at average exchange rates during the period, and assets and liabilities are translated at the end of period exchange rates. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are included in accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity. Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the results of operations as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The PRC government imposes significant exchange restrictions on fund transfers out of the PRC that are not related to business operations. These restrictions have not had a material impact on the Group because it has not engaged in any significant transactions that are subject to the restrictions.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The exchange rates used to translate amounts in RMB into USD for the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Year end RMB : USD exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;6.3086&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;6.3585&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Average yearly RMB : USD exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6.3116&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6.4640&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(l) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(m)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Costs of sales &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(n)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(o) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping and handling &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(p)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 5%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(q) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 95%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Pension and Employee Benefits &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 36px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(r) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income taxes &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Group accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Under the asset and liability approach, deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between&amp;#160;the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Group is able to realize their benefits, or the future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;The Group applied the provisions of ASC 740.10,&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Accounting For Uncertainty In Income Taxes, which provides clarification related to the process associated with accounting for uncertain tax positions recognized in our consolidated financial statements. ASC 740.10 prescribes a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return. ASC 740.10 also provides guidance related to, among other things, classification, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and disclosure requirements&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 36px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(s) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Statutory reserves &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;Pursuant to the applicable laws in PRC, PRC entities are required to make appropriations to three non-distributable reserve funds, namely the statutory surplus reserve, statutory public welfare fund, and discretionary surplus reserve, based on after-tax net earnings as determined in accordance with the PRC GAAP, after offsetting any prior years&amp;#8217; losses. Appropriation to the statutory surplus reserve should be at least 10% of the after-tax net earnings until the reserve is equal to&lt;/font&gt; 50% of the Company's registered capital.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Appropriation to the statutory public welfare fund is 5% to 10% of the after-tax&amp;#160;net earnings.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The statutory public welfare fund is established for the purpose of providing employee facilities and other collective benefits to th&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;e employees and is non-distributable other than in liquidation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Beginning from January 1, 2006, enterprises have no further requirements to make the appropriation to the statutory public welfare fund.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Discretionary surplus reserve is a prescribed percentage approved by the shareholder. The Group does not make appropriations to the discretionary surplus reserve fund. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;As provided in WFOE&amp;#8217;s and Yanglin&amp;#8217;s Articles of Association, WFOE&amp;#8217;s and Yanglin&amp;#8217;s net income after taxation can only be distributed as dividends after appropriation has been made for the following:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 6%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 3%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 91%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Making up cumulative prior years&amp;#8217; losses, if any;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 6%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 3%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;(ii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 91%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Allocations to the &amp;#8220;Statutory surplus reserve&amp;#8221; of at least 10% of net income after taxation, as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations, until the fund amounts to 50% of the Company's registered capital, which is restricted for set off against losses, expansion of production and operation or increase in registered capital;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 6%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 3%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;(iii) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: justify; width: 91%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;Allocations to the discretionary surplus reserve, if any. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 36px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(t) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Comprehensive income &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(u)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings&amp;#160;&amp;#160;per share &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(v)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Value-added tax (&amp;#8220;VAT&amp;#8221;) &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Sales represent the involved value of goods


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(w)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Warrant Liability&amp;#160; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Effective January 1
 2009
 the Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 815
 Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815) (previously ElTF 07-5
 Determining Whether an instrument (or an Embedded Feature) is Indexed to an Entity's Own Stock). As a result of adopting ASC 815
 the outstanding warrants of the Company previously treated as equity pursuant to the derivative treatment exemption were no longer afforded equity treatment as there was a down-round protection (full-ratchet down round protection). As a result
 the warrants are not considered indexed to the Company's own stock
 and as such
 all future changes in the fair value of these warrants will be recognized currently in earnings until such time as the warrants are exercised or expire.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;As such
 effective January 1
 2009
 the Company reclassified the fair value of these warrants from equity to liability
 as if these warrants were treated as a derivative liability since their issuance in October 2007. On January 1
 2009 the Company recorded as a cumulative effect adjustment by decreasing additional paid-in capital amounting to $15
003
941 and decreasing beginning retained earnings by the amount of $72
047
158 and recording $87
051
099 as a warrant liability to recognize the fair value of such warrants on January 1
 2009. The fair value of the warrants was $0 and $1
850
000 on December 31
 2012 and 2011 respectively. The Company recognized $1
850
000 as income and $800
000 as loss from the expiration of Warrant Liability for the year ended December 31
 2012 and from the change in fair value of warrants for the year ended December 31
 2011 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;i&gt;(x)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In July 2012
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-01
 Health Care Entities (Topic 954): Continuing Care Retirement Communities &amp;#8212; Refundable Advance Fees. This ASU clarifies that an entity should classify an advance fee as deferred revenue when a continuing care retirement community has a resident contract that provides for payment of the refundable advance fee upon reoccupancy by a subsequent resident
 which is limited to the proceeds of reoccupancy. Refundable advance fees that are contingent upon reoccupancy by a subsequent resident but are not limited to the proceeds of reoccupancy should be accounted for and reported as a liability. For public entities (including conduit bond obligors)
 the amendments in ASU No. 2012-01 are effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the amendments to the codification in the ASU are effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in ASU No. 2012-01 should be applied retrospectively by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to opening retained earnings (or unrestricted net assets) as of the beginning of the earliest period presented.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In July 2012
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-02
 Intangibles&amp;#8212;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment. This ASU states that an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
 after assessing the totality of events and circumstances
 an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 then the entity is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying amount in accordance with Codification Subtopic 350-30
 Intangibles&amp;#8212;Goodwill and Other
 General Intangibles Other than Goodwill. Under the guidance in this ASU
 an entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. An entity will be able to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012. Early adoption is permitted
 including for annual and interim impairment tests performed as of a date before July 27
 2012
 if a public entity&amp;#8217;s financial statements for the most recent annual or interim period have not yet been issued or
 for nonpublic entities
 have not yet been made available for issuance.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In August 2012
 FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-03
 Technical Amendments and Corrections to SEC Sections. This ASU amends various SEC paragraphs pursuant to SAB 114
 SEC Release No. 33-9250
 and ASU 2010-22
 which amend or rescind portions of certain SAB Topics.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In October 2012
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-04
 Technical Corrections and Improvements. This ASU make technical corrections
 clarifications
 and limited-scope improvements to various Topics throughout the Codification. The amendments in this ASU that will not have transition guidance will be effective upon issuance for both public entities and nonpublic entities. For public entities
 the amendments that are subject to the transition guidance will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the amendments that are subject to the transition guidance will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In October 2012
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-05
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230). This ASU addresses how cash receipts arising from the sale of certain donated financial assets
 such as securities
 should be classified in the statement of cash flows of not-for-profit entities (NFPs). Some NFPs classify those cash receipts as investing cash inflows
 while other entities classify them as either operating cash inflows or financing cash inflows
 consistent with their treatment of inflows arising from cash contributions. The objective of this Update is for an NFP to classify cash receipts from the sale of donated financial assets consistently with cash donations received in the statement of cash flows if those cash receipts were from the sale of donated financial assets that upon receipt were directed without the NFP imposing any limitations for sale and were converted nearly immediately into cash. The amendments in the ASU are effective prospectively for fiscal years
 and interim fiscal periods within those years
 beginning after June 15
 2013. Retrospective application to all periods presented upon the date of adoption is permitted. Early adoption from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption is permitted.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In October 2012
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU)
 No. 2012-06
 Business Combinations (Topic 805): Subsequent Accounting for an Indemnification Asset Recognized at the Acquisition Date as a Result of a Government-Assisted Acquisition of a Financial Institution. This ASU addresses the diversity in practice about how to interpret the terms on the same basis and contractual limitations when subsequently measuring an indemnification asset recognized in a government-assisted (Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or National Credit Union Administration) acquisition of a financial institution that includes a loss-sharing agreement (indemnification agreement). For public and nonpublic entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after December 15
 2012. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied prospectively to any new indemnification assets acquired after the date of adoption and to indemnification assets existing as of the date of adoption arising from a government-assisted acquisition of a financial institution.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In October 2012
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-07
 Entertainment&amp;#8212;Films (Topic 926): Accounting for Fair Value Information That Arises after the Measurement Date and Its Inclusion in the Impairment Analysis of Unamortized Film Costs. This ASU eliminates the rebuttable presumption that the conditions leading to the write-off of unamortized film costs after the balance sheet date existed as of the balance sheet date. The amendments also eliminate the requirement that an entity incorporate into fair value measurements used in the impairment tests the effects of any changes in estimates resulting from the consideration of subsequent evidence if the information would not have been considered by market participants at the measurement date. or SEC filers
 the amendments are effective for impairment assessments performed on or after December 15
 2012. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for impairment assessments performed on or after December 15
 2013. The amendments resulting from this ASU should be applied prospectively. Earlier application is permitted
 including for impairment assessments performed as of a date before October 24
 2012
 if
 for SEC filers
 the entity&amp;#8217;s financial statements for the most recent annual or interim period have not yet been issued or
 for all other entities


 as well as Yanglin
 a variable interest entity of which WFOE is the primary beneficiary as defined by ASC 810 &amp;#8220;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities.&amp;#8221; All intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Name&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Company&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Place&amp;#160;of &lt;br  /&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Attributable &lt;br  /&gt;interest&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Faith Winner Investments Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 12%;&gt;British&amp;#160;Virgin&amp;#160;Islands&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Faith Winner (Jixian) Agriculture Development Company&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Heilongjiang Yanglin Soybean Group Co. Ltd*&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;


 using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives of the property
 plant and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 82%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: right; width: 17%;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;10 - 35 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;3.5 - 30 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;4 - 20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-justify: inter-ideograph; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;6 - 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Year end RMB : USD exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;6.3086&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;6.3585&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Average yearly RMB : USD exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6.3116&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6.4640&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 62%;&gt;Bank deposits held in trust account &amp;#8211; U.S.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;247
961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;247
961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;247
961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;247
961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Trade receivables
 gross&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;350
861&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;2
897
945&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(2
116&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(14
848&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Net balance at end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;348
745&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2
883
097&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


 2012 and 2011 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;14
848&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;345&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;(Reduction) / Addition of bad debt expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(12
732&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;14
503&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Foreign exchange adjustment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2
116&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;14
848&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;597
291&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;1
429
425&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;317
444&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;3
593
586&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;914
735&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;5
023
011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Advances for materials&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;3
360&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;3
334&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Prepayment for customers&amp;#8217; transportation costs&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
817&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;45
391&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Advances for travel&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;625&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3
959&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Prepaid service fee&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5
726&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4
614&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(110&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(335&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;11
418&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;56
963&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


 plant and equipment consist of the following at December 31:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.25in; width: 62%;&gt;Building&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;5
147
160&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;9
859
374&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.25in;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;27
887
091&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;27
668
240&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.25in;&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;115
636&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;114
728&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 0.25in;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1
456
799&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1
445
366&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;34
606
686&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;39
087
708&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 0.25in;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;(16
999
3330&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(15
627
5166&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 0.25in;&gt;Less: fixed assets impairment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(12
446
329&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(3
784
398&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;5
161
024&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;19
675
794&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;5
161
024&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double;
 text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;19
675
794&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Included in the above balances of property
 plant and equipment are assets deemed as temporarily idle by the management comprising of the following at December 31:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;949
232&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4
120
468&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5
069
700&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1
285
302&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Less: allowance for impairment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(3
784
398&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Net book value&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;1
498
284&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;2
153
654&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;620
688&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;837
540&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total depreciation expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2
118
972&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2
991
194&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Land use rights
 at cost&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;2
852
692&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;4
306
011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Railway use rights
 at cost&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
299
813&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
289
612&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1
346
829&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1
310
267&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2
805
676&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;4
285
356&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;0-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Selling expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;141
518&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;138
182&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;82
142&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;89
542&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total amortization expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;223
660&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;227
724&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 45%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 81%;&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;206
199&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;206
199&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;206
199&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;206
199&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;206
199&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1
774
679&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2
805
676&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 0.1in;&gt;A)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Short-term bank loans&lt;u&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/u&gt;consist of the following at December 31:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 94%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center;&gt;Collateral&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 48%; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China
 interest rates at 6.56% per annum
 due July 23
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;7
863
489&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 25%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China
 interest rates at 6.56% per annum
 due August 10
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6
290
792&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China
 interest rates at 6.56% per annum
 due September 06
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3
145
396&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China
 interest rates at 6.56% per annum
 due September 14
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3
145
396&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China
 interest rates at 6.56% per annum
 due October 12
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
572
698&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Machinery and equipment owned by Yanglin&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of
 China
 interest rates at 6.56% per annum
 due January 16
 2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
110
706&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; vertical-align: top;&gt;Balance at end of period&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
110
706&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;22
017
771&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 62%;&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;39&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;37&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;39&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;37&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 95%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center;&gt;Collateral&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 48%; vertical-align: top;&gt;Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China
 interest rates at 5.76% per annum
 due August 26
 2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;2
853
248&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;4
246
284&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 25%;&gt;Building
 machinery and equipment and land use right&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; vertical-align: top;&gt;Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1
426
624&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1
415
428&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; vertical-align: top;&gt;Balance at the end of period&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
426
624&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2
830
856&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 50%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;For&amp;#160;the&amp;#160;twelve&amp;#160;months&amp;#160;ended&amp;#160;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 77%;&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 20%;&gt;1
426
624&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
426
624&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
853
248&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 0.4in;&gt;A)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Loans from related parties consist of the following at December 31:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Loans from certain employees
 interest rates at 7.722% and 9.405% per annum respectively
 with various installments
 due October 28
 2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;197
875&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;237
328&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Current portion due within one year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(45
779&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(42
187&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;152
096&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;195
141&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;For the year ended December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 87%;&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;45
779&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;49
381&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;53
269&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;48
481&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;965&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;197
875&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


 exercise price and contractual terms eligible to be purchased with the warrants are summarized in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 29.7pt; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 92%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;warrants&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;warrant&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;price&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Contractual&amp;#160;term&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Expiration&amp;#160;Date&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 16%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series A&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;10
000
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.75&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;October 2
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series B&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5
000
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.50&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;October 2
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series J&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.37&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;April 3
 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series C&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.03&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;April 3
 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series D&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.85&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;April 3
 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series E&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1
000
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.58&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;October 2
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Series F&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;500
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;3.01&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;October 2
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;16
500
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Warrants&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Weighted-average&lt;br  /&gt;exercise&amp;#160;price&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Aggregate&amp;#160;Intrinsic&lt;br  /&gt;Value&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 61%;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;16
500
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;2.97&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Issued&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Expired&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;16
500
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;2.97&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&lt;br /&gt;Options&amp;#160;Issued&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Expected&lt;br /&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Term&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Expected&lt;br /&gt;Volatility&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Dividend&lt;br /&gt;Yield&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Risk&amp;#160;Free&lt;br /&gt;Interest&amp;#160;Rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Grant&amp;#160;Date&lt;br /&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%;&gt;5
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 14%;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 14%;&gt;2.54&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 13%;&gt;11
292&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2.31&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;11
646&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2.69&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;11
117&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2.55&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;10
126&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
 center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1.79&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;8
603&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1.27&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3
761&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2.01&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
123&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;5
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;2.24&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;3
567&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1.76&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
309&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;5
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;0.96&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;4
605&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;50
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;67
149&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
 left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Options&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Weighted-average&lt;br /&gt;exercise&amp;#160;price&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;Intrinsic&amp;#160;Value&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 61%;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;50
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;1.79&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;Issued&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 9pt;&gt;Expired&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;50
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1.79&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Options&amp;#160;outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Options&amp;#160;exercisable&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-style: normal; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal; text-decoration: none;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range&amp;#160;of&lt;br /&gt;exercise&lt;br /&gt;prices&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;br /&gt;outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=font-style: normal; margin: 0pt 0px; font-weight: normal;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;contractual&amp;#160;life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font-style: normal; margin: 0pt 0px; font-weight: normal;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;average&lt;br /&gt;exercise&amp;#160;price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;br /&gt;exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;average&amp;#160;exercise&lt;br /&gt;price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: none; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 35%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$0.30-$3.10&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;50
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;2.63&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.79&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;50
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; nowrap=nowrap&gt;1.79&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: underline;&gt;Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;(Loss)Earnings:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;(Loss)Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(20
544
333&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(14
963
711&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Effect of dilutive potential common stock&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;(Loss)Earnings for the purpose of dilutive earnings per share&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(20
544
333&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(14
963
711&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: underline;&gt;Denominator&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Number of shares:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Weighted average number of common stock for the purpose of basic earnings per share&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;20
927
366&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;20
481
557&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Effect of dilutive potential common stock - conversion of convertible preferred stock&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;8
424
883&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;9
134
883&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Effect of dilutive potential common stock - conversion of warrants&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4
397&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Anti-dilutive effect of preferred stock and warrants&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(8
424
883&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(9
139
280&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Weighted average number of common stock for the purpose of dilutive earnings
 per share&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;20
927
366&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;20
481
557&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Non-PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;1
646
085&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(95
480&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(22
190
417&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(10
349
455&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(20
544
333&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(10
444
935&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;U.S. statutory rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;PRC Enterprise Income Tax&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(34&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(34&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Tax exemption in PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Provision for income tax&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


 2012 and 2011 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;1
168
946&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;1
160
907&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;33
845&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;33
940&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Assets held for sale&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;313
064&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;310
607&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;13
916
945&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;10
894
207&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;22
921&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;25
187&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Gross deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;15
455
720&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;12
424
848&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(15
455
720&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(12
424
848&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;0-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;0-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Cash &amp;#8211; restricted&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;247
961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;247
961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Other prepayment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Investments in subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;16
775
056&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;38
664
554&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;17
023
016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;38
912
515&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;680
571&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;476
656&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Warrant liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1
850
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;680
571&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
326
656&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Total shareholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;16
342
445&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;36
585
859&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total liabilities and shareholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;17
023
016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;38
912
515&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


 2012 and 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Investment (loss) income&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(21
889
498&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(12
110
462&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(203
914&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(268
053&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;(Loss) income from operations before income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(22
093
414&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(12
378
514&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Change in fair value of warrants&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1
850
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(800
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(20
243
414&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(13
178
514&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;0- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Net loss&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(20
243
414&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(13
178
514&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;














 any change in registered capital
 any transfer
 mortgage or disposal of Yanglin''s assets or income in a way that would affect WFOE''s security interest





























































































































































































































































































































































































































&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;DISCONTINUED OPERATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On June 27
 2012 the company received a written notice from the Jixian County People&amp;#8217;s Government (the &amp;#8220;Jixian Government&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the Notice
 the Jixian Government notified the Company that it had determined that the Company would be required to move its Factory No. 3 from its current location by September 30
 2012. As a result the Company ceased production at its Factory No. 3 at the end of July 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Factory 3 was dismantled required by government
 the building of Factory 3 were all written off and the machineries and equipment of Factory 3 were all impaired. There was $4
340
450 impairment charge on the machineries and equipment of Factory 3. The net book value of Factory 3 building $3
045
434 was written off for the buildings were dismantled.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Group reviewed the powder oil production line in facility No.3
 which has not been used for the past years as the product made by this line was technically imperfect as a result which has been identified as idle production impaired and reclassified to assets held for sale in the third quarter of 2009.&amp;#160;The review found that these assets had been further impaired
 by measuring the fair value using the fair value hierarchy using primary level 2 inputs in a market approach utilizing quoted market price for similar building and equipment adjusted for the condition and location of the assets.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;There was $3
722
632 impairment charges on the idle production line as stated above recorded during the year ended December 31
 2011. As a result
 these assets have been fully impaired and their net book value has been fully written off.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Compensation receivable represents the value of the land use right expected to be transferred from the local government as compensation for the removal of Factory No. 3.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 0.4in;&gt;(i)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Summary of balance sheet&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;ASSETS&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December&amp;#160;31
2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December&amp;#160;31
2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;9
591
206&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Intangible assets
 net&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
299
908&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Compensation receivable&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
292
720&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
292
720&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;10
891
114&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
 left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;NET ASSETS&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
292
720&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;10
891
114&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 0.4in;&gt;(ii)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Summary of income statement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Year&amp;#160;ended &lt;br /&gt;December&amp;#160;31 &lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Year&amp;#160;ended &lt;br /&gt;December&amp;#160;31 &lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Discontinued operations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Loss from operation of Factory No. 3&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; width: 62%; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;49
849
990&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;81
473
765&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Costs of sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(52
477
673&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(85
964
975&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Gross loss&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(2
627
683&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(4
491
210&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Impairment of Factory No. 3&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(4
340
450&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(3
722
632&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Net operating results of Factory No. 3&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(6
968
133&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(8
213
842&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Loss on disposal of Factory No. 3&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(3
045
434&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Total loss for the year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(10
013
567&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(8
213
842&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.4in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;22.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company has evaluated all other subsequent events through April 15
 2013
 the date these consolidated financial statements were issued
 and determined that there were no other subsequent events or transactions that require recognition or disclosures in the financial statements except the following:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Temporary suspension of operation in Factory No. 1 and No. 2&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The operation of Factory No. 1 and Factory No. 2 were temporarily suspended as of January


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 0.4in;&gt;(i)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Summary of balance sheet&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;ASSETS&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December&amp;#160;31
2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December&amp;#160;31
2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 62%;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;9
591
206&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Intangible assets
 net&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
299
908&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Compensation receivable&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
292
720&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
292
720&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;10
891
114&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;NET ASSETS&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
292
720&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;10
891
114&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 0.4in;&gt;(ii)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Summary of income statement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Year&amp;#160;ended &lt;br /&gt;December&amp;#160;31 &lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Year&amp;#160;ended &lt;br /&gt;December&amp;#160;31 &lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Discontinued operations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Loss from operation of Factory No. 3&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; width: 62%; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;49
849
990&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 16%;&gt;81
473
765&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Costs of sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(52
477
673&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(85
964
975&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Gross loss&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(2
627
683&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(4
491
210&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Impairment of Factory No. 3&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(4
340
450&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(3
722
632&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Net operating results of Factory No. 3&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(6
968
133&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(8
213
842&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Loss on disposal of Factory No. 3&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(3
045
434&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-left: 0px; padding-right: 0px;&gt;Total loss for the year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(10
013
567&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(8
213
842&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


















	


	


















 April 16


 April 16


 April 16


 April 16
































































































 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT



























































































































 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT




















































































































































 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT







 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT







 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT







 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
























































































































































































































































































































































































 April 16


 April 16


 April 16


 April 16



































































































































































































































































































 April 16


 April 16


 April 16


 April 16













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 April 16


 April 16


 April 16


 April 16































































































































 Net






























 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 amount of compensation due 
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle










 Plant and Equipment



 plant and equipment




























































































 Noncurrent



 Noncurrent















 Value





 Value


 100
000
000 shares authorized; 21
575
119 and 20
865
119 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and 2011


 10
000
000
000 shares authorized; 20
865
119 and 20
865
119 shares issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2012 and December 31
 2011

















































































 Shares






 Shares











































































 Net







 Extraordinary Items


















 Net Of Tax


















 Net Of Tax















 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net Of Tax






 Net Of Tax
















 Net Of Tax





















 Net Of Tax











 Basic and Diluted
























































 Share-Based Compensation





 Value





 Shares





































 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)


































































 Plant












































































































 Including Discontinued Operations


 Including Discontinued Operations












 Notes


 Notes
















































































































































 Finite-Lived


 Finite-Lived




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



































































































































 Notes


 Notes
























 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment
























































































 Stock Options


 Stock Options




 Stock Options


 Stock Options

















































 Shares


 Shares




 Value


 Value




















 Goods
 Net


 Goods
 Net

















































 Qualitative Or Quantitative Information



































 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment

























































































































 Including Discontinued Operation
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment


 plant and equipment




 Including Discontinued Operation
 Intangible Assets















 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 to be sold or that has been disposed of through sale








 Including Discontinued Operation





 Including Discontinued Operation





 Including Discontinued Operation















 Gross
























 Finished Goods





 Raw Materials





















































 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived






 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment





 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant


























































































 Amortization Expense





 Amortization Expense





 Amortization Expense





 Amortization Expense







 excluding financial assets and goodwill




 Amortization Expense




























 Due July 23





 Due August 10





 Due September 06





 Due September 14





 Due October 12




 Due January 16


 Due January 16

































 interest rates at 5.76% per annum
 due August 26


 interest rates at 5.76% per annum
 due August 26





























 Interest Rate


 Interest Rate





 interest rates at 7.722% and 9.405% per annum respectively
 with various installments
 due October 28


 interest rates at 7.722% and 9.405% per annum respectively
 with various installments
 due October 28
















 Maturities






 Maturities






 Maturities






 Maturities





 Maturities
































































































































































































































































































































 Options
 Outstanding











 Fair Value Assumptions





 Fair Value Assumptions





 Fair Value Assumptions





 Fair Value Assumptions





 Options
 Grants In Period





 Options
 Grants In Period






 Options






 Options






 Options
 Outstanding




 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Grants In Period






 Options
 Exercises In Period






 Options
 Expirations In Period






 Options
 Outstanding


 Outstanding at March 31














 Options
 Exercises In Period












 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable





 Options
 Exercisable



















 Shares
 Share-Based Compensation


 Shares
 Share-based Compensation




 Shares


 Shares

































































































 Property




















































 Operating Loss Carryforwards


 Operating Loss Carryforwards




 Operating Loss Carryforwards


 Operating Loss Carryforwards




















 Classification Of Carrying Amount


 Classification of Carrying Amount











 Subsidiaries
 Associates
















 advances and cash dividends which consist of additional paid in capital





 Due January 16






























 April 16


 April 16


 April 16


 April 16












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        















































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

849
990

473
765


        

477
673)

964
975)


        

627
683)

491
210)


        

340
450)

722
632)


        

968
133)

213
842)


        

045
434)
        


        

013
567)

213
842)




        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 during the reporting period.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment asset that was sold or retired during the reporting period. This element refers to the gain (loss).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items after deduction or consideration of the amount allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        
        


Entity Incorporation
 State Country Name
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Entity Incorporation
 State Country Name
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Entity Incorporation
 State Country Name
        
        


        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 from the balance sheet date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

961

961


        

961

961




        
          

        
          
            

 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. For a classified balance sheet represents the current portion only (the noncurrent portion has a separate concept); there is a separate and distinct element for unclassified presentations.
              
 -Subparagraph Exhibit 4-8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Outstanding
 Warrants

500
000


Issued
 Warrants
        


Exercised
 Warrants
        


Expired
 Warrants

500
000


        
        


Outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price
        


Issued
 Weighted-average exercise price
        


Exercised
 Weighted-average exercise price
        


Expired
 Weighted - average exercise price
        


Outstanding 
 Weighted-average exercise price
        


Outstanding 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value
        


Issued
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value
        


Exercised
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value
        


Expired
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value
        


Outstanding 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation Of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
        

Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011








































775





664



















023





912




































850
























326



















342





585



















023





912






        
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011















889





110





















093





378



















850













243





178



















243





178








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

TRADE RECEIVABLES
 NET (Tables)

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Table Text Block]
        































897


























883







        
An analysis of the allowance for doubtful accounts for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 is as follows:










































































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


















 2012

          



 2011

          



 2008

          



 2007

          



 2007

          



 2007

          



 2007

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2007

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

999
999
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Issued for Services
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        


        
        

500
000
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

850
000
        

051
099
        
        
        

800

452
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

480
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

003
941
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

047
158
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

850
000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights

503
170
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

134
883

424
883
        

000
        


Convertible Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued upon Conversion
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Conversion of Stock
 Shares Converted
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        


Conversion of Stock
 Shares Issued
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 on or before a certain date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      










        

523
446

315
331


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date

         2012
        



          

        
        


        

986

881


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date

         2014
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










Variable Interest Entity
 Classification of Carrying Amount
 Assets
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

TRADE RECEIVABLES
 NET (Details 1) (USD $)

        

      










        

848
        


        

732)

503


        
        
        


        

116

848




        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 15
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














Interest Expense
 Related Party

938

374
        


        
        
        

480
000


Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date

         2012
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        

000
000



          

        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date

         2016
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Options
 Outstanding

000


Options
 Issued
        


Options
 Exercised
        


Options
 Expired
        


Options
 Outstanding

000


Weighted-average exercise price
 Outstanding
        


Weighted-average exercise price
 Issued
        


Weighted-average exercise price
 Exercised
        


Weighted-average exercise price
 Expired
        


Weighted-average exercise price
 Outstanding
        


Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Outstanding
        


Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Issued
        


Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Exercised
        


Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Expired
        


Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Outstanding
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

168
946

160
907


        

845

940


        

064

607


        

916
945

894
207


        

921

187


        

455
720

424
848


        

455
720)

424
848)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        

500
000


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        
        



          

        
        


        
        

000
000


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        
        


        
        
        


        

        02
         2012
        



          

        
        


        
        

000
000


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        
        


        
        
        


        

        02
         2012
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        
        


        
        
        


        

        03
         2009
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        
        


        
        
        


        

        03
         2009
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        
        


        
        
        


        

        03
         2009
        



          

        
        


        
        

000
000


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        
        


        
        
        


        

        02
         2012
        



          

        
        


        
        

000


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        
        


        
        
        


        

        02
         2012
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










Loans from Agricultural Development Bank of China
 interest rates at 5.76% per annum
 due August 26
 2014

853
248

246
284


        

426
624

415
428


        

426
624

830
856


        

 machinery and equipment and land use right
        




        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans from a bank with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        















 2012 due to the cumulative net operating loss in the United States.






 2007
 the National People&#8217;s Congress of China approved the new Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC (New CIT Law)
 which is effective from January 1
 2008.


 2008
 the CIT rates applicable to our subsidiaries in the PRC ranged from 0% to 33%. After January 1
 2008
 under the New CIT Law
 the statutory corporate income tax rate applicable to most companies is 25% instead of the old tax rate of 33%. The tax rate applicable to WFOE and Yanglin is 25%. Yanglin has been named as a National Key Leading Enterprise in Agriculture and awarded a tax exemption through 2011 by the PRC central government.&#160;&#160;For year 2011&#8217;s tax exemption
 a review by the local tax authority of the PRC is also required.


 enterprises established under the laws of foreign countries or regions and whose &#8220;place of effective management&#8221; is located within the PRC territory are considered PRC resident enterprises and subject to the PRC income tax at the rate&#160;of 25% on worldwide income. The definition of &#8220;place of effective management&#8221; refers to an establishment that exercises
 in substance
 overall management and control over the production and business
 personnel
 accounting
 properties
 etc. of an enterprise. As of December 31
 2012
 no detailed interpretation of guidance has been issued to define &#8220;place of effective management&#8221;.&#160;&#160;Furthermore
 as of December 31
 2012
 the administrative practice associated with interpreting and applying the concept of &#8220;place&#160;of effective management&#8221; is unclear. If the Company&#8217;s non-PRC incorporated entities are deemed PRC tax residents
 such entities would be subject to PRC tax under the New CIT Law. The Company has analyzed the applicability of this law
 as of December 31
 2012
 and the Company has not accrued for PRC tax on such basis. The Company will continue to monitor changes in the interpretation or guidance of this law.


 subject to reduction based on tax treaty where applicable
 for dividends distributed by a foreign invested enterprise to its immediate holding company outside China. Such dividends were exempted from PRC tax under the previous income tax law and regulations. The foreign investment enterprises&#160;are subject to the withholding tax starting from January 1
 2008.



























646













190






349








544





444






 2012 and 2011.



























































































 2012 and 2011 were as follows:






































168





160


































916





894





















455





424








455





424

















 2012
 the Company intends to permanently reinvest the undistributed earnings from its foreign subsidiaries to fund future operations. The amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences related to investments in foreign subsidiaries is not determined because such a determination is not practicable.


 the Company has considered whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to a net amount that management believes is more-likely-than-not realizable based on the weight of all available evidence. As of December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance recognized was $3
030
872 during 2011.


 2012
 the Group had net operating tax losses carried forward of $ $64
651
131
 which includes $ 22
302 and $64
628
829 in the US and PRC
 respectively. Those losses carried forward in the US will expire between years 2013 and 2030. Those losses carried forward in the PRC will expire between years 2013 and 2017.











 2012
 there is no unrecognized tax benefit. Management does not anticipate any potential future adjustments in the next twelve months which would result in a material change to its financial tax position.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Group did not accrue any interest and penalties.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule Of Number Of Shares
 Exercise Price and Contractual Terms Eligible To Be Purchased With Warrants [Table Text Block]
The number of shares
 exercise price and contractual terms eligible to be purchased with the warrants are summarized in the following table:








































000





















000

















































































000










































500














        
The following table summarizes warrant activity for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:

































500














































500


































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 exercise price and contractual terms eligible to be purchased with the warrants.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

875

328



          

        
        


        

779
        


        

381
        


        

269
        


        

481
        


        
        
        


        

875
        




        
          

        
          
            

 not to include stockholders or officers.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Tables)

        

      






        
        


        
        


























852





306









299





289








346





310








805





285






        
        









































































        
        






















































774








805








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        

961

961
        


        
        
        

000


        
        
        

000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. This element is for unclassified presentations; for classified presentations there is a separate and distinct element.
              
 -Subparagraph Exhibit 4-8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Details Textual) (Land Use Rights [Member]
 USD $)








          

        


        

292
720




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET (Details 1) (USD $)

        

      










        

147
160

859
374


        

887
091

668
240


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

606
686

087
708


        

993
330)

275
166)


        

161
024

675
794



          

        
        


        
        

232


        
        

120
468


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
        

069
700


        
        

285
302)


        
        

784
398)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization (related to property
 plant and equipment
 but not including land) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
 depreciable assets used in the production process to produce goods and services.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      






















Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        


Interest Income (Expense)
 after Provision for Loan Loss
        
        

000
000

000
000
        


        
        

000
000
        
        
        


Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

 any change in registered capital
 any transfer
 mortgage or disposal of Yanglin''s assets or income in a way that would affect WFOE''s security interest
 entering any material contract (exceeding RMB5 million in value) and distributing any dividends to the shareholders.
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues

999
999
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Issued for Services

500
000
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues

500
000
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any amortization and accretion (as applicable) of discounts and premiums
 including consideration of the provisions for loan
 lease
 credit
 and other related losses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        







 fair value is the price that would be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. FASB ASC Topic No. 820 &#8211; 10 requires disclosure that establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements. The statement requires fair value measurements be classified and disclosed in one of the following categories:






Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical
 unrestricted assets or liabilities. The Company considers active markets as those in which transactions for the assets or liabilities occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.







Level 2 Quoted prices in markets that are not active
 or inputs which are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. This category includes those derivative instruments that La Cortez values using observable market data. Substantially all of these inputs are observable in the marketplace throughout the term of the derivative instruments
 can be derived from observable data
 or supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace.











financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2012
 the carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 short-term bank loans
 accounts payable
 and other payables
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments and market rates of interest available to the Group.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
 -Paragraph 15C
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 44A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 3
 10
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17-22
 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 32
 33
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET (Details 2) (USD $)

        

      










        

118
972

966
880



          

        
        


        

498
284

153
654



          

        
        


        

688

540




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
M
V
X8S!C



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U,64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q
M8S5F,V,X8S!C,#0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3%E

CA?
6
U9C-C.&





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?3U!%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0TA!/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T%3/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1T5.15)!
#I.86UE/D9!25)?
M5D%



M4D5$251?4DE32U]!3D1?0U535$]-15)37T%.1%\\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\


T0B5V]R


3







O4VAE970Q

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O




M(#QX.DYA;64^3U1(15)?4$%904)
15




M965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z


M.DYA;64^0T].5D525$E3$5?4%)%1D524D5$7U-43T-+7T%./]X.DYA;64^




O4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC





&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\





O4VAE

#I.86UE/D=%3D5204Q?5&%B;&5S/]X
M.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U<F-E($A2968]
T0B5V]R:W-H

#I7;W)K<VAE
M9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T


M965T
S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z


M.DYA;64^24Y614Y43U))15-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R


T+FAT;6PB




M3U!%4E197U!
04Y47T%.1%]%455)4$U%3E1?3C$\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\


M

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R
M:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3U1(15)?4$%904)

T0B5V]R:W-H

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O

O4VAE970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I.
M86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E
M='
O4VAE970T





65]&24Y!3D-)04Q?4U1!5$5-14Y4
M

#I7
M;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-#<N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z




M($A2968]
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-3$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7







O4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-34N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7





O4VAE970U


\


M14-%259!0DQ%4U]!3D1?4%)%4$%)1%\R/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R





O4VAE970V
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-C$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7





M($A2968]
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX
M.DYA;64^24Y404Y'24),15]!4U-%5%-?3D547T1E=&%I;'-?/]X.DYA;64^

15]!4U-%
M5%-?3D547T1E=&%I;'-?

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



M0D%.2U]
3T%.4U]$971A:6QS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3U1(15)?4$%9
M04)



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X


O4VAE970W




O4VAE970W-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S
M+U-H965T-S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS
M:&5E='

M0DQ%7U!2149%4E)%1%]35$]#2U]!3C



15]04D5&15)2141?4U1/0TM?

T0B



M=&%I;'-?


M=&%I;'




M965T.#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z








M.3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


M.DYA;64^4$%214Y43TY





3X-B`@(#QP/E1H
M:7


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V
M-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C




M:78]

]
M


M3T-5345.5!!3D0@14Y42519($E.1D]234%424].(A54T0@)D\8G(^/]S

M1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$


S$L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#




]
'0^
#`P
3


]


]

]









]



M($]U='-T86YD:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ








Q+`T*




]



]

]
T1T97AT/C(P
3(\




]

]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
M
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C
#0O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



04Y#12!32$5%5%

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P



]

]
M




T1T


]


]

]


]





M
3$L

M1&YU;7`^.2PX-C
L.#



3$L





M-#DL

M1&YU;7`^-#(L-S@R+#DV

]
M




L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@


S4V/'-P

]




]





]



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N
M='




]
M

]
M

]
T1N




@;V8@;&]N

]
M

]
M











]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@





]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@


C$L
S(P/'-P

S`L
M

]

M8VLZ(0P+C`P,2!P87(@=F%L=64L(#$P+#`P,PP
#`L


PX-C4L,3$Y(&%N9`R


]



]
T1N=6UP
M/C(W+#DS





\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C4L-C(X+#8S

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4F5T86EN960@96%R;FEN9W,@*&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&1E9FEC:70I/]T



]


M9VX]





]



M



]
M

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.2PQ


M-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&







]


2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T
M;V-K+!S:&%R97


#`L
#`P+#`P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K
M+!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

2PU-S4L




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@





]


]






]
T1N
M=6UP/C4P+#`P

#`L


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
3
T+#@X


]



]
T1N=6UP/CDL
3
T+#@X


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




#`L

3`L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]





]



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U,64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q
M8S5F,V,X8S!C,#0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3%E

CA?
6
U9C-C.&

O




CXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-38L-C



M


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U.2PV.#`L





]

M97

3$I/'-P

C4V
M+#DR


BPS-S(I/'-P86X^

BPS


]








]
M


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4R

2PS
34L
S
Q*3QS

]






]


M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X
#`L






]
M




]
M
T1N=6T^*#$P+#4S






M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V+#DV.PQ
S


T1T;W`^3&]S

RPP-#4L-#
T*3QS


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#`Q





L-S$Q

]




T1T

C`L


M/BA


]


]



]


]



]
T1N=6T^)`H,XW




]


]


S*3QS

]

]


T1T;W`^/'-T

C`L
M.3(W+#


]

]




CA?
6
U
M9C-C.&

O4VAE970P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

241!5$5$(%-4051%
M345.5%
@3T8@0TA!3D=%4R!)3B!35$]#2TA/3$1%4E
G($5154E462`H55-$


]




M9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R



RPS




]


C`L-#8U+#$Q

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/CDL










]


]


]



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A
M=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#DS


]
M
T1N=6UP/C



M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]


]

]
M

C`L-30T+#
S






]


]


]





3`L
#`P/'-P86X^








]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
P



^

M(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PV
C@L-C
V/'-P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

N(#



2PU-S4L



]






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4U64%'/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*















]
T1N=6UP/C(R



]
M



]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#8S



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!L



BPV




]
T1N=6UP/C
L


]





]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L
CDR+#$P



2PR.3(L

@


]

]



]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

M-#

M;7`^



]
T1N=6T^*#DV.PY-3(I/'-P86X^/]S


T1T



]
T1N=6UP/C
X+#`S



]




]

]




@9&5P;W-I='


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W-PQ
#





]
T1N=6UP/C8L
C(P+#
X













]

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-RPW



@9G)O




]
T1N=6UP/C
L
S(X+#




]
T1N
M=6T^*#(U+#
W


@9F]R(&QO86YS



M9&5D(&)Y*'5S960@:6XI(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
BPU



]


]
T1N=6T^*#@L



]
T1N=6UP/C$S
RPU


C0L-30W



]



M86QI9VX]


]
M

]


2PU
C

2PS
34L
S









M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X
M8S!C






M1T%.25I!5$E/3B!!3D0@4%))3D-)4$%
($%#5$E6251)15



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



M.B!C;VQL87!S93L@9F]N=#H@



M04-4259)5$E%4SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*



@*'1H92`F(S@R
M


M871E(&]F($YE=F%D82!O;B!-87D@
C8L(#$Y
C$N(%!R:6]R('1O($]C=&]B
M97(@
RP@

N($]N($]C=&]B97(@
RP@
C`P-RP@=&AE($-O




3@L-3`P+#`P

2!P87(@=F%L=64@:6X@97AC:&%N9V4@9F]R(&%L;!&86ET:!7






'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@

M9F]N=#H@






Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8V]N9'5C='
@:71S(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@

M=F5L;W!M96YT($-O;7!A;GD@*8C.#(R,#M71D]%)B,X,C(Q.RD@86YD(AC

=&0N(@F(S@R,C`[66%N9VQI;B8C.#(R,3LI+!W




C`[=&AE($=R;W5P)B
X

#L\+W`^



@

@87
@:68@66%N9VQI










#`Y+B8C
38P.R8C
38P


M8F4@)#$W+#`P

#MT

X

X



Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[268F(S$V

M971S(&]F(%EA;F=L:6XL)B

C`[($-O;G-I

#`@87


#`W(&)E='=E96X@5T9/


#LF(S$V


#MT:&4@3&]A;B8C.#(R

N($EN(')E




@=&\@1F%I=&@@5VEN;F5R






@;W(@:6YC;VUE(&EN(&$@=V%Y('1H870@=V]U;&0@869F96-T(%=&
M3T4F(S@R






N

M;G0@9F5E(&5Q=6%L('1O(#4E(&]F(%EA;F=L:6XF(S@R


M





@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!T

M:&4@=&ET;&4@;V8@=&AE('1R861E;6%R:W


C$[

2PP
#`L
#`P+!W:&EC:!I




M96YS92!T;R!986YG;&EN+!F;W(@82!T97)M(&]F(#$P('EE87)S+!T;R!U


24@;V8@66%N9VQI;B8C.#(Q-SMS(&YE

3$[)B
Q-C`[82!T;W1A

Q
M-C`[)B
X
C$Q.R8C
38P.V5N=&ET;&5D)B


M97
@96YT:71L960@8GD@5T9/128C



@

#`W(&)E='=E96X@66%N9VQI;B!A;F0@5T9/12!A;F0@87
@



3!P



M

F(S@R











#M0
M4D


M8V4F(S@R




M92!


M;F=E;65N='



T0G


@8GD@=V%Y(&]F('1H92!



M93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&





]

T1)1#!%

]







@



M.B!C;VQL87!S93L@9F]N=#H@





'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L










M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97

P+`R,#`Y+!T:&4@

@:7-S=65D(&)Y('1H92!&:6YA;F-I
M86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'

X
M

M)B
Q-C`[)B

M06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'






X

@


M
#M!4U5S)B
X
C(Q.RDN)B
Q-C`[)B


#LF(S$V
#M4:&5S

M($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

M;65N='


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97

Q-C`[)B






#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T


M)B
Q-C`[)B

X
C$W












M)W=I9'1H.B`Y















M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9#XF(S$V



M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!W:61T:#H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/C$P

M

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S

M/B8C



M2FEX:6%N*2!!9W)I8W5L='5R92!$979E;&]P;65N=!#;VUP86YY/]T9#X-




M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D

T0G

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@





3!P



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



T0G=&5X







@;6%N86=E



M='



N)B
Q-C`[)B



M86)L97
[('9A;'5A=&EO;B!O9B!W87)R86YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S.R!I;G9E





#`E

'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$








@;F5W(')O





M('1H92!04D



M1W)O=7`F(S@R

@87)E('-U8FIE









M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@-24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97







M=#H@


M=V%Y('5S92!R:6=H='


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;BXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@:7


L('5S:6YG
M('1H92!S=')A:6=H=UL:6YE(&UE=&AO9XF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M960@=7-E9G5L(&QI=F5S(')A;F=E(&9R;VT@



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97



M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

M

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M




M
38P.R8C



M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




@;F5W







'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M





M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT



'0M:G5S

Q




M=#H@

38P








38P.SPO8CXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


T0P/@T*/'1R



T0G9F]N=#H@


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L




@


@

M87



#LF(S$V




M;CH@





@

@

M97




BPV
M





M:61T:#H@

M

M:6YG/3-$




'!T


M9CLG/B8C









T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P
M





T0G9F]N=#H@


M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Y-24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M86)L97






M97-S(&%N(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@86YY('5N8V]L;&5C=&EB;&4@86UO=6YT





@86QL;W=A;F-E(&%F=&5R(')E





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

M87!H.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@-24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




M



@861V86YC92!P

M;V8@9V]O9'
N)B
Q-C`[)B

@9G5L




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97






M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@-24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




M;&4]



N)B
Q-C`[)B

M9B!T:&4@1W)O=7`@:7
@=&AE(%4N4RX@9&]L;&%R(A54T0I+B!71D]%(&%N
M9!986YG;&EN('5S92!I='



N(%1R86YS;&%T:6]N(&%D:G5S




X


M9FQU8W1U871I;VYS(&9R;VT@=')A;G-A8W1I;VYS(&1E;F]M:6YA=&5D(&EN





@;W5T(&]F('1H92!04D

@;F]T(&5N9V%G960@:6X@86YY




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A=&5S('5S960@=&\@=')A;G-L871E(&%M;W5N='
@:6X@






'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$






T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([




38P


M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
C`Q

M





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
M

M:#H@

#@V/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C





T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



38P.SPO=&0^

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#LG/B8C


M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6X[(&UA



#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE<R!N





M=#H@

38P

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O







'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





M('1H92!S96QL97(F(S@R

#MI


@;F5W








M


M97)I9CLG/B8C



M92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R




@



@





@
M87


3(@86YD(#(P

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



M





M=#H@



2PX

Q
M+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

M


#`E.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X-






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97


T0G=&5X




X
C(P.W-H

X
C(Q.RDN)B
Q-C`[)B


M;B!T:&4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92!A;F0@:7

#LF(S$V
#M!;&P@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R




M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P





T0G9F]N=#H@




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@
M=&EM97



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0G


M960@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S+B!4:&4@4%)#(&QA8F]R(')E9W5L871I;VYS(')E

@


#L\+V9O;G0^)B
Q


M=V5R92`D


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q


M





'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@
M=&EM97


@87)E



#LF(S$V
#M!('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO
M=V%N8V4@:7

M:71H97(@97AP:7)E(&)E9F]R92!T:&4@1W)O=7`@:7
@86)L92!T;R!R96%L

@;F5W






M;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N($%30R`W-#`N






M=&EM97



M96YA;'1I97

'!E;G-E










M9G5N9'







#8L(&5N

@=&\@;6%K

M96QF87)E(&9U;F0N)B
Q-C`[)B







'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@

M9F]N=#H@

M('!R;W9I9&5D(&EN(%=&3T4F(S@R




#`E.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M.B`V)3LG/B8C





M

38P.SPO

3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@

M



@86YD

@

M;CH@



M
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@





M;CH@





M4D







M97




@;F5W(')O



3!P



M:7









'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





C$[($9!4T(@05-#(#(V
XQ,!R97%U:7)E

@86YD(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W
@


M;FEN9W

M(&-O=6QD(&]C8W5R(&EF('-E8W5R:71I97
@;W(@;W1H97(@8V]N=')A8W1S







'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M97





M9F]N=#H@

M

M9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L







M=#H@

38P






@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@






M;CH@






#`Y('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S(&$@8W5M=6QA=&EV92!E9F9E8W0@861J=7-T;65N

M;W5N=&EN9R!T;R`D
34L
#`S+#DT







2PX-3`L
#`P(&%S(&EN8V]M92!A;F0@)#@P

2P@
C`Q
B!A

@
M9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#





M;&4]




M8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S/]I/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/]T




M=#H@

M;'D@
C`Q

@57!D

M5&]P:6
@.34T*3H@0V]N=&EN=6EN9R!#87)E(%)E=&ER96UE;G0@0V]M;75N
M:71I97
@)B
X








M=&AE(&%M96YD;65N='
@:6X@05-5($YO+B`R
#$R+3`Q(&%R92!E9F9E8W1I


C`Q



3(M



I(&%S(&]F('1H92!B


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97



3(M
#(L($EN=&%N9VEB;&5S
M)B
X


@
M=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('=H971H97(@=&AE(&5X:7-T96YC92!O9B!E=F5N='
@

@:6YD:6-A=&5S('1H870@:70@:7
@;6]R92!L
M:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0@=&AA=!T:&4@:6YD969I;FET92UL:79E9!I;G1A



L(&%N


M=&AA;B!N;W0@=&AA=!T:&4@:6YD969I;FET92UL:79E9!I;G1A;F=I8FQE












C`Q
BP@:68@82!P=6)L:6
@
M96YT:71Y)B
X
C$W.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@9F]R('1H92!M


M


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L


3`M

M=&EO;G



M

M97(@
C`Q

@57!D

@


L(&-L87)I9FEC871I;VYS+!A;F0@;&EM:71E9US8V]P92!I
M;7!R;W9E;65N='




34L(#(P
3(N($9O

@96YT:71I97
L('1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S('1H870@87)E


C`Q



'!X.R!M87)G:6XZ


3(L($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%C8V]U;G1I

C`Q
BTP-2P@4W1A=&5M




M='
@87

M:71I97


M('=I=&@@=&AE:7(@=')E871M96YT(&]F(&EN9FQO=W



@










#$R+3`V




@82!297-U;'0@


@=&AE(&1I


M;'5D97



M
34L(#(P

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X.R!M87)G:6XZ(#!P

M:68[)SXF(S$V

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M8F5R(#(P

M9&%T92`H05-5*2!.;RX@
C`Q




@=&AE(&5F9F5C='
@
M;V8@86YY(&-H86YG97






@87)E(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F;W(@:6UP86ER;65N

M87!P;&EC871I;VX@:7

C`Q

@9FEL97)S+!T:&4@
M96YT:71Y)B,X,C$W.W,@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N=',@9F]R('1H92!M
M;W-T(')E8V5N=!A;FYU86P@;W(@:6YT97)I;2!P97)I;V0@:&%V92!N;W0@


#DN:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M

M


#$R/&)R








'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M07



M86)L:7-H97


M92!O9B!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG(&-A=&5G;W)I97

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


@


T0G;6%R9VEN+71O

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M(S$X
SL\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M='
@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97





2!I;F-L





L(&-A;B!B92!D97)I=F5D(&9R;VT@








XT:6X[)SX\9F]N=#XF(S$X,SL\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

@


M92!I;G!U='

M;V)J96-T:79E('-O=7)C97


X
C$W.W
@=F%L=6%T





@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%S($QE
M=F5L(#$@;W(@3&5V96P@
BX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE



M='=E96X@=VEL;&EN9R!P87)T:65S+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.T%S(&]F($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#



@;V8@:6YT97)E


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U,64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?
M.68R.%\Q8S5F,V,X8S!C,#0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O

CA?
6
U9C-C.&

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q

T0G=&5X




M

@04Y$(%-54%!


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P







M97

M;&4]








@=&\@96YS
M=7)E('-O=6YD(&-O;&QE8W1I;VYS(&%N98C,38P.VUI;FEM:7IE(&-R961I
M=!L;W-S97


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97






M:SLG/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

Q-C`[:6X@8F%N:R!A8V-O=6YT
M(&EN('1H92!5+E






#`L


#$S(&%N9!*
M=6YE(#,P+`R


@;F5W


@;F5W(')O


38P

@:6X@=&AE(%!20R!W:&5R92!T:&5R92!I



M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97

15
@04Y$(%9%3D1/4B8C
38P.T-/






M(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@
M86YD(#(P





@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3)A;F0@
C`Q
2P@;F\@8W5S=&]M97(@86-C;W5N=&5D


M;CH@






3$N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*








M
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97







@;F5W(')O;6%N

#$R('1H92!C;VUP86YY
M(')E8V5I=F5D(&$@=W)I='1E;B!N;W1I8V4@9G)O;2!T:&4@2FEX:6%N($-O








M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97

M8F5R(#


M(#


R!W97)E(&%L;!I;7!A:7)E9X@





M87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P



@82!R97-U;'0@=VAI8V@@:&%S(&)E96X@




N


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#















38P.SPO8CX\
M+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#@U




Q-C`[
S$L
C`Q



M


[

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$V)3LG/CDL-3DQ





38P.SPO



M8FQE/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


2PR.3(L-S(P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D




38P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#LG/B8C









T0G8F%C:V=R

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9#XF(S$V

M9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.@T*
M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M;&4]

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T




M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


M




3$T/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





M97

M;&4]


M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E







Q
M-C`[96YD960@/&)R(\^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,2`\8G(@+SXR,#$R/]T
M9#X-CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

C`Q
M

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!P


M;G
\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C




M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG
M/B8C



24[)SXF
M(S$V

38P.SPO





M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXI/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



M

M9#XF(S$V

M)SXF(S$V





T0G




M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXI/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

L-S(R+#8S
CPO=&0^#0H\






#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

SPO=&0^


M/B8C


3
L.#0R/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M8V

#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*

L
#0U+#0S-#PO


M=#LG/B8C




38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M/'1D/B8C




M9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




M

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!S='EL

M:#H@



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




@;F5W

M

M(S$V


M
C`Q


M/B8C


M=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M/3-$
CXR
#$Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


T0G=F5R=&EC

M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M;&4]




3$[(%4N4RX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@



C0W+#DV
3PO=&0^














C0W+#DV

M=6)L:6

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/'-P86X^


64Y9C1C9E\V
M-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C

M;G0]

2!R



]
T1R93X-








T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQB/E12041%(%)%0T5)5D%3$53+!.150\+V(^/]T


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M1&5C96UB97(@


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\

M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M;CTS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$V
M)3LG/C
U

Q





M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@



M/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D

BPX.#
L
#DW/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


#L\




M

T0G




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/C(P
3(\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*

C`Q
3PO=&0^#0H\


38P.SPO=&0^





M)3LG/B8C



M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/]T9#X-



T0G8F%C


M/BD\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C






M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT





38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R



M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P

M)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R






Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[36%N

@86QL;W=A;F-E('!E

@979A

M86-C;W5N='



M86YD(&5S=&EM871I;VYS(&]F(&9U='5R92!P97)F;W)M86YC92X\+W`^/'-P


64Y9C1C
M9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

T0Q/C$R


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]



]



T0G=VED


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




M

38P.SPO


'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X-

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T

CXR
#$R/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/C(P
3$\+W1D

#L\

M


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V




2PT
CDL-#(U/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[
M)SXF(S$V



Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M)SXF(S$V


RPP
3$\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M=#LG/B8C


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C
#0O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

15
@04Y$(%!215!!240@15A0
M14Y315



]




M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P


M/3-$


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQB/D]42$52(%)%
M0T5)5D%3$53($%.1!04D5004E$($584$5.4T53/]B/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R




#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE<R!N

M9F]L;&]W:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#




M



38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#LG(&-O;'-P86X],T0R/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T




M;6%T97)I86QS/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
M


M.R!W:61T:#H@


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$V)3LG/C
L
S
T/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[
M)SXF(S$V


T0G


38P.SPO=&0^


C4\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B8C







T0G=&5X





M9G0[)SXF(S$V



M9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M

M




M8V


M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$Q+#0Q.#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
M
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C
#0O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


]









M

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@

M

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0G

M;&4]




M

38P.SPO


'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X-

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T

CXR
#$R/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/C(P
3$\+W1D

#L\



M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q


T0G=VED

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$V)3LG/C4L
30W+#$V
#PO=&0^#0H\




M;65N=#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


M

Q


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*




38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T



2PT-38L-SDY/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M

M;&4]


M=#LG/B8C


M(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

Q-C`[


SDL






Z(&%C8W5M=6QA


M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C



38L.3DY+#
S











@:6UP86ER;65N=#PO


38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T






Q-C`[


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


RPW.#0L
SDX/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



38P.SPO


38P


2PP
M






M;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$Y+#8W



M='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA


38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXU


M=#LG/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M







#(T/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\

M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M/B8C






2PV.30@86YD(&)U

M;CH@







3!P





@;F5W

T0G

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V





C`Q


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

CXR
#$Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
M


[('9E


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\


M:61T:#H@




38P


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V



M
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO


M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#LG/B@Q+#(X-2PS






T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M




M)SXP/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\







M:68[)SXF(S$V





Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



M.B`V
B4[)SY#;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

2PT.3@L
C@T/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
M

38P.SPO=&0^


M.B`Q-B4[)SXR+#$U

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R



M='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

M(S$V


C`L-C@X/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

M(S$V



M;3H@


T0G8F%C




M









@=&AE

@















M9E\T.#1F7SEF
CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&
P







]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS

M:61T:#H@




@




@;F5W(')O

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[


T0R/C(P
3(\

M

M(S$V


M
C`Q


M/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)R!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS




T0G

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$V)3LG/C(L.#4R+#8Y
CPO=&0^


#8L
#$Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V

M/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-



Z(&%C8W5M=6QA


M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

S0V+#@R.3PO




T0G8F%C:V=R

M;3H@


#L\+W1D/@T*




38P.SPO=&0^


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P



M97







M;&4]










M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C

CXR
#$R/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/C(P





M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF
M(S$V


M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z('=H:71E.R!V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R<^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

38P.SPO=&0^




M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


M+6)O='1O;3H@



M;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D('-T



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M:'0[)SXR
C
L-C8P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(R-RPW


38P.SPO=&0^


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q-C`[
M)B


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*


M;&4]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@



C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T



M='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA



T0G



M=#LG/C(P


T0G

#8L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B



M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO


M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
M
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C
#0O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H






]

M






'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@
M=&EM97



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97






M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


Q

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`T.4[('9E<G1I8V%L
M+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[)SY

M97(@86YN=6TL(&1U92!*=6QY(#(S+`R,#$R/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
4[)SXP/]T9#X-


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

T0G



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


#L\

#L\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C




M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M)B



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\



T0G

M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\





C`Q
CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

M9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

M





M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P




#$R/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*

#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\

M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\







M=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B


M;&4]




38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C



C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#LG/C$L

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#LG/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B

2PQ
3`L-S`V/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU


M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXU


M=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@









2P@
C`Q
B!A
M;F0@
C`Q





T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M9'1H.B`P+C1I;CLG/D(I/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




Q-C`[8W)E9&ET(&QI;F4@9F%C:6QI=#PO9F]N=#YY

M9B!#:&EN82!I;B`R


3DN:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$

]
T1T



T1T;W`^




T1T;W`^
M3W1H97(@3&EA8FEL:71I97



#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




RX\+V(^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

15
\+V(^/]T9#X-CPO







M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G






38P.SPO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*














38P.SPO=&0^#0H\







38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F
M7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


;VYG


]


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
XT:6X[)SX\8CXQ-X\+V(^/]T9#X-CQT


#L\+W`^

M)SY

38P.SPO=3YC;VYS:7-T(&]F


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



T0P/@T*

M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M86X]
T0R/C(P







C`Q


M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

T0G=F5R


#L\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B8C


M;&5F=#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V



C`Q-#PO=&0^


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG


C@T/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
M

38P.SPO=&0^





38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@









T0G=&5X



2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!W87
F(S$V
#LD
C4U+#DX-B!A;F0@
M)#
Q

@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L

M97)I97
@86YD(&5Q=6EP;65N='



M=6QY(&]F(#(P


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


@=6YD97(@=&AE(&)A;FL@;&]A;G
@87)E(&%S(&9O
M;&QO=W


M=&EM97





#MT:&4F(S$V
#MT
M=V5L=F4F(S$V
#MM;VYT:'
F(S$V





T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@





M



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#LG/B8C




M.#1F7SEF
CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&







@5%)!3E-!0U1)3TY3/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]

M:#H@







T0G=&5X


@;F5W(')O;6%N

T0G=F5R=&EC

M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V





C`Q


M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

CXR
#$Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M;&4]


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO







24[)SXF(S$V
#L\

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M


M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G=&5X



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D

T0G






M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M:'0[)SXQ.34L
30Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








#$R



@;F5W(')O



:74L('1H92!#

@87




M('=I;&PF(S$V



#L\









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#@W)3LG/C(P
3

M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C



M)B


C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C0Y
M+#
X



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^
M-3,L,C8Y/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


M


M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H





M





#`E.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M

=&0N/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z



#M986YG
M;&EN(%-E960@0V\N)B
X
C(Q.RP@=VAI8V@@:7
@=VAO;&QY(&]W;F5D(&%N
M9!M86YA9V5D(&)Y($UR+B!3:'5L:6X@3&EU+!O=7(@8VAI968@97AE8W5T






M
C`[66%N9VQI;B8C.#(R



@9W)O=VX@9G)O;2`F(S@R
C`[66%N9VQI;B8C.#(R
3L@





M








'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!S86QE(&]F('1H92!397)I97
@02!#;VYV

C`P-RP@




X
C(P


C`[3F%T:6]N86P@4W1O8VL@17AC
M:&%N9V4F(S@R

2P@
C`P


M
S$L(#(P


#L\


M
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4









3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P




]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!S


M













M8V]N=')A8W1U86P@=&5R;7




'!T(#(Y
M+C=P=#L@9F]N=#H@

M9CLG/B8C


'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$








T1N;W=R87`^3G5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
M;V8F(S$V



M





B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


M

M

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO=&0^










M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@








M:#H@

#L\



T0G=&5X





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E

T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O





T0G=VED

T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z

\



T0G=&5X







M8FQA8VL[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L



#L\+W1D

M8VL[)R!N;W=R87`]




M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T1N;W=R87`^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@










T1N;W=R87`^
#PO=&0^



M+C
W/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C;VQO

T1N;W=R87`^)B

T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z



38P




M/B8C





#`Y/]T9#X-CPO




T0G

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\




M;&4]

38P.SPO








M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L










T1N;W=R87`^
2PP
#`L
#`P

M8FQA8VL[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

T1N;W=R87`^)B

M8VL[)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G=&5X







M;3H@

T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!C;VQO

T1N;W=R87`^)B


\+W1D




7!T.R!C





38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXU

'0M86QI



T0G

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


#`L
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




#L\


#L\+W1D/@T*

M;3H@

T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU

T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(S$V


M








'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M
RP@


Q-C`[)B

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



M;&4]


@;V8@4V5R:65S($$@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@

M;GD@9&ES=')I8G5T:6]N('1O('1H92!H;VQD97)S(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C



M;R!N;VXM8W5M=6QA=&EV92!D:79I9&5N9'

2X@5&\@9&%T92P@;F\@



M.#(R







@;F5W

@02!#;VYV97)T





'!T


M9CLG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ960@82!B96YE9FEC:6%L(&-O;G9E

C$N-2!M
M:6QL:6]N(&]F('!R;V-E961S(')E8V5I=F5D(&9R;VT@=&AE('-A;&4N(%1H

M97









@87

M9VYA=&EO;G




M




M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q+`T
#`L

@02!#

M;R`T
#`L

'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97



M
2PP
#`L


@1B!W


@12!W

@)#4S
BPX


C`U+#0U






@=V%S(&-A;&-U;&%T




'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97




34E+B!);B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I




3LI



M=&4@26YV97-T;65N='
@3&EM:71E9P-B!C;VUM:71T960@=&\@=')A;G-F
M97(@
2PP
#`L






M86UO=6YT(&]F(0T+#0X,PP
#`@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#

#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@
'!T(#!P




L(#(P


#M314
F
M(S@R

38P

M92!L:7%U:61A=&5D(&1A;6%G97



@;F5W(')O




#MT:&4@


M


M97)I9CLG/B8C


L('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A;B!!9W)E96UE;G0@9&%T960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


N($9U

#`Y+B!)9B!T:&5S92!R97%U:7)E;65N='



L('=H:6-H(&5X=&5N9&5D('1H92!D96%D;&EN92!F;W(@:&ER:6YG(&%N

#`Y+B!/;B!-87)C:`Y+`R

M964@*#

M964@*#
I('-T86YD:6YG(&-O;6UI='1E97
@=6YD97(@=&AE($)O87)D(&]F

M*2!A8F]V928C
38P.VUE;G1I;VYE9!S=&%N9&EN9R!C;VUM:71T965S(&%N
M9!T:&4@0V]D92!O9B!#;VYD=6-T(&%N9!%=&AI8W,L(&%N9!T:'5S(&AA

M=&\@969F96-T(&%N9!A;FYO=6YC92P@;F\@;&%T97(@=&AA;B!*=6YE(#,P
M+`R

M.#(Q-SMS(#(P
#@@06YN=6%L($%U9&ET(%)A;FMI;F=S('1O(&%U9&ET('1H
M92`R

M=&5R:6T@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&AE($-O
M;7!A;GD@:&%S(&5N9V%G960@54A9($Q

T0G=&5X








M
C`P.2!A;F0@=&AE(%)E9VES=')A=&EO;B!3=&%T96UE;G0@=V%S(&1E8VQA

CDL(#(P


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E

Q-C`[)B


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M
2P@




#
L

@8V]M;6]N


@


'!T


M9CLG/B8C








@

M

2PX-3`L






M=&EM97















@;F5W(')O

M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

'!T(#!P




'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@
M=&EM97

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M




T1N;W=R87`^)B








T1N;W=R87`^)B




#MP





T1N;W=R87`^)B




#M);G1R:6YS:6
\8G(@+SY686QU93PO





Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!C;VQS

CXF(S$V






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M)3LG/B8C


#`\+W1D/@T*

M


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[
M)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

T0G

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/BT\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

38P.SPO


Q-C`[

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/BT\+W1D

#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V




T0G=&5X



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B

T0G



#`\+W1D/@T*





M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M






M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T


M(S$V




Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(S$V


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
M
V
X8S!C






M/E-43T-+($]05$E/3E


]






]


XT:6X[)SX\8CXQ-RX\+V(^/]T

M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN.R!M87)G




2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@








'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&5R;3PO=&0^#0H\=&0@



M
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


T1N
M;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

M(S$V

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]

Q-C`[


M

38P.T1A=&4\8G(@+SY&86ER)B
Q-C`[5F%L=64\+W1D/@T*/'1D


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R








'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Q-4[)SXR+C4T/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXE/]T


M

M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S


38P.SPO


M)B

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG
M/C(N

M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C4L,#`P/]T



M

38P



M#0H\=&0^)B

M(&QE9G0[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H




#PO=&0^#0H\

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^,3`U/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)3PO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S


M/B8C




#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
M




M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$N-SD\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C4L
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D


#L\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B8C


M:'0[)SXQ

M)SXE/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V





M



3PO=&0^#0H\=&0@


[('9E

M



M=#LG/B4\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G=&5X



M

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R


M;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C





M


#L\+W1D

#`\+W1D

#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


Q-C`[

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$N-S8\


M9G0[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG
M/C$L

M)B


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


M)SXU+#`P


M/B8C


38P


M


#4\


M='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






M


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C4P+#`P

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


M;&5F=#LG/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
M



30Y/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97




M;&4]

M9F]N=#H@






38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M)B


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B8C


[


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/C4P+#`P

M;&4]



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
24[)SXF(S$V


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G



38P.SPO=&0^


M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL


38P.SPO





M=#LG/B8C


M(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

Q-C`[


M


38P.SPO








38P.SPO=&0^


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P









M=#H@

38P


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L

M(&]F(&]P=&EO;G

S$L(#(P
3(Z


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97



M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([)R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

T1N

38P.V]U='-T86YD:6YG/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O

M/D]P=&EO;G
F(S$V

T0G


\+V(^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@




#L\+V(^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@



M97




M
#L\+V(^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T






M8V]R871I;VXZ(&YO;F4[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&(^)B

7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^/&(^5V5I9VAT960\8G(@+SYA=F5R86=E)B



M;F4[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&(^)B



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG



M(S$V




#L\+W1D

3`E


T0G


38P.SPO


T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z







T1N;W=R87`^
M)B



T0G=&5X







T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@





M/B8C





2P@
C`Q

@8V]M


C0N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M



S$L
M(#(P




T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O





'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@
'!T(#!P


M/E1H92!C86QC=6QA=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@8F%S:6
@86YD(&1I;'5T960@96%R
M;FEN9W


@:7
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!D871A.CPO









S
\+W1D


38P.SPO=&0^


M.B`Q



M/D5F9F5C=!O9B!D:6QU=&EV92!P;W1E;G1I86P@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T

M=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

M








Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B

RPW
3$\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG
M/B8C


M+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SY.=6UB97(@;V8@<VAA<F5S
M.CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\





T0G



M/B8C



38P.SPO=&0^


M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V

M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@


M


M



\+W1D/@T*/'1D




M+C5P=#LG/E=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C


M87)E/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M)SXF(S$V


M9G0[)SXF(S$V


M.#$L-34W/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M=%\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C










3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

]





'!T.R!W:61T
M:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$








M;&4]



#$R(&1U

@:6X@=&AE


M






M



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M8V@@
38L(#(P


M



#@L('1H92!#250@


M4D


M

M:6X@:7
@



38P.R8C

M
3$F(S@R




@86YD('-U8FIE
M8W0@=&\@=&AE(%!20R!I;F-O;64@=&%X(&%T('1H92!R871E)B
Q-C`[;V8@
M





@
M;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


3L@
M:7






@;F]T(&%C8W)U


M=&%T:6]N(&]R(&=U:61A;F-E(&]F('1H:7

M;CH@


@82`Q





M

38P.R8C
M




M9F]N=#H@

M


'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

38P.SPO=&0^




M;&4]

M;'-P86X]
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^


24[)SXF(S$V




2PV-#8L
#@U
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M
24[)SXF(S$V

M


M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Q






M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D



C`L-30T+#
S

T0G=&5X















Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B


T0R/C(P







C`Q

M

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*






38P.SPO=&0^#0H\






M/'1D/B8C


M:'0[)SXH

M)SXI)3PO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



M;G0@9&EF9F5R96YC97
\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M;&4]




Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@S-#PO=&0^



M;&5F=#LG/B8C


M=#LG/B4\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G=&5X








MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B

T0G

38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M/B8C











@;F5W





M;&0[)SXF(S$V

M(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P


M)B

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)PT*(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^

'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SY$969E<G)E9!T87@@87-S971S/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
M

M

Q

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


M


M:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

2PQ-C@L.30V/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
M

38P.SPO=&0^


M.B`Q
4[)SXQ+#$V,PY

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R


\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


RPX-#4\+W1D

#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C




M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C
Q


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P


3`L

Q


M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^,3`L.#DT+#(P-SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T



Q-C`[

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$U+#0U
M-2PW

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G=&5X

BPT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T






Q-C`[


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



T0G








M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C

'!T(#!P


M/B8C

M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CLG/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R


@
M:6X@9F]R96EG;B!S=6)S:61I87)I97
@:7
@;F]T(&1E=&5R;6EN960@8F5C



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



@=&\@82!N970@86UO=6YT('1H870@;6%N86=E


M96YC92X@07
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E

N(%1H92!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E
M(')E8V]G;FEZ960@=V%S(0S+#`S,PX-S(@9'5R:6YG(#(P

M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97



BPS
#(@86YD(0V-PV
C@L.#(Y(&EN('1H


@;F5W(')O;6%N



M:61T:#H@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SY5
M;F-E<G1A:6X@5&%X(%!R;W9I<VEO;CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-




M9FET+B!-86YA9V5M96YT(&1O97
@;F]T(&%N=&EC:7!A=&4@86YY('!O=&5N





64Y9C1C
M9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C

M;G1E;G0]


M




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

]






#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




M8CXR






C`[5DE%)B
X
C(Q

M5&AE(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87
@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@8V]N






@=&AA=!C;W5L9!B


2P@
M
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q






@86YD('!A


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C
M



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

(%-4051%
M345.5%



]










M;G


M97)V97

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2X@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[



#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T

T0G




#L\+W`^


M.B!C;VQL87!S93L@9F]N=#H@







3L@


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/C(T-RPY

M.B`Q)3LG/B8C




T0G=&5X



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D

T0G

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

S@L



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P





M=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

RPP
38\

M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C




S@L



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M;&ET:65S/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V


M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C8X

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^-#<V+#8U-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



38P


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
M

M

Q

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


M

M86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C8X

M/B8C



38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*




M='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

M(S$V


M='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M)SXF(S$V


M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@


M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^





M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU



M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN.R!M




M97)A=&EO;G


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P


T0P/@T*/'1R





M8V


24[)SXF(S$V
M


M.R!W:61T:#H@




T0G






Q-C`[


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



T0G=&5X


[('9E


M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@R,BPP.3,L-#$T/]T9#X-








M


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

M
2PX-3`L
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


M)SXH.#`P+#`P




Q-C`[

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@R







M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B

RPT
30\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M+C5P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@Q
RPQ-S@L-3$T/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5-13X-B`@(`@(#QT

]




]





@;F5W





M9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='






M;RX@


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



M7SEF
CA?
6
U9C-C.&

O4VAE970R.2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



T1T;W`^
M0F%S:7








M

38P.SPO




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M8F5R(#

@:7-S
M=65D(&)Y('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@0F]A

X


Q-C`[)B


@0V]D:69I





X
C(P.T9348C.#(R,3LI+!O




#M!4U5S)B
X
C(Q.RDN)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[

M0RXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


M960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='




3`P)3L@8F]R


3H@:6YT97(M:61E;V=R87!H
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@-24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
'0M:G5S


T0G9F]N=#H@






M87






M;GD@:7
@9&5E;65D('1O(&)E(&$@8V]N=&EN=6%T:6]N(&]F('1H92!B=7-I


@;V8@


@;F5W


M960@8GD@05-#(#@Q




'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B


@;F5W(')O


T1N;W=R87`^3F%M928C
M
38P.V]F)B



#L\+W1D/@T*

Q



M;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
M







38P



38P.TES;&%N9'
\+W1D

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@




38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D



#L\+W1D/@T*

M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#LG/C$P




#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P




=&0J/]T
M9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$P

M





]












#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE

@:6X@







#LF(S$V
#L@271E;7

@;V8@;&]N9RUL





M9F]N=#H@








'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B
X
C$W.W

N

M:6YA;F-I86P@8V]N9&ET:6]N(&%N9!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G,@
M;6%Y(&)E(&EN9FQU96YC960@8GD@=&AE('!O;&ET:6-A;P@96-O;F]M:6
@
M86YD(&QE9V%L(&5N=FER;VYM96YT(&EN('1H92!04D
3L@;6%R9VEN.B`P<'0@
'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97

X
C$W.W


@



M+B!4:&4@1W)O=7`F(S@R












'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


@:6YC;'5D92!L86YD('5S92!R:6=H='
@86YD



M86YD('5S92!R:6=H='

@86-C=6UU

38P.R8C
38P.T%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!I


38P.R8C
38P.T5S






@


M:6]N+B!!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@:7




]



M


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


#LF
M(S$V
#M$97!R96-I871I;VX@:7










T0G9F]N=#H@




\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\




T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@



M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M:6-L97



T0G9F]N=#H@
M







M96YT(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

I(&EN

@:7
@




M:#H@

3!P

M/3-$








M

38P.SPO






M=')Y+B8C
38P.R8C

M='D@;V8@87-S971S('1O(&)E(&AE;&0@86YD('5S960@:7


M

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E

&-E961S('1H92!F86ER('9A



M;CH@





2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($=R;W5P(')E8V]G;FEZ
M960@)#DL-#DY+#`R
B!A;F0@)#
L-S(R+#8S

@
M;VX@8V5R=&%I;B!M86YU9F%C='5R:6YG(&9A8VEL:71I97


T1T;W`^26YV


M

'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97







]


#`E.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L

'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@
M=&EM97

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M




M:6YT97(M:61E;V=R87!H.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@.34E

T0G9F]N=#H@



M;&4]





T0G




]


#`E.R!B;W)D97(M

'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$



'0M:G5S=&EF


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=&5X

















38P.R8C
M

M92!5+E


@:71S(&9U;F-T



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET



@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D







M;CH@











T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*

T1N;W=R
M87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

M

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]

#$R/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@





T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT




M




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/C8N
S`X-CPO

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z('=H:71E.R!V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R<^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

M92!R871E/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V




3$V/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^-BXT-C0P/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)B


M





@=7-E







T0G9F]N=#H@








M;VX@:7

L


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P




M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M/CQI/BAM*3PO:3X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6IU



'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@
'!T(#!P





Q-C`[86YD(&%P

F(S$V
#MA='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@

N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[4&5R;6%N



#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!T:&5R92!W97)E(&YO('=R:71T96XM9&]W




3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R


'0M:G5S=&EF


T0G9F]N=#H@



M




M


M



M=&EM97


M)SXF(S$V




M+B8C
38P.R8C

@=V5R92`D-#0L

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q




]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!S='EL

T0G


M:#H@-24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97





#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T

M=')U;65N='


@:7




Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M06QL(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


M='

@:&%V92!B965N(&=R86YT960N


M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


T0P/@T*/'1R('-T


T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E


M97





M969I='


N(%1H92!04D
@;&%B;W(@



M
38P.SPO9F]N=#XF(S$V


3@Y+#`X.!F;W(@
M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!R



]
T1T97AT/CQT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

M87!H.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@




M


@9F]R(')E8V]G;FET:6]N



@8F5T=V5E;B8C
M

M:71I97




'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@
M=&EM97

M;G

XQ,PF(S$V
#LF(S$V


L('=H:6-H('!R;W9I9&5S(&-L

@

M96UE;G1S+B!!4T





M+B!!4T






'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

@


M(&]P97)A=&EO;BX@5&AE($=R;W5P)B
X
C$W.W






#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




T0G9F]N=#H@

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M;&4]



@
!N970@96%R;FEN9W
@87
@9&5T97)M



2=S(')E9VES=&5R960@8V%P:71A;XF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V


#LF(S$V

M8R!W96QF87)E(&9U;F0@:7
@97-T86)L:7-H960@9F]R('1H92!P=7)P;W-E




@=&\@






X
C$W.W
@;F5T






3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@




@;F5W(')O





T0G9F]N
M=#H@


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+!T

X
C(P.U-T871U

C$[(&]F(&%T(&QE87-T(#$P)2!O






M=&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P




T0G








2PX-S8L
C$R(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R
M(&%N9`R



#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



T0G9F]N=#H@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97








M=&EO;G
@=&\@;W=N97)S+B8C
38P.R8C








]

]
M



M;CH@






X

M;B!C;VYJ=6YC=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!D:7-C;&]S=7)E(&]F('1H92!M971H

M:&%R92X@0F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W



@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V


@:6YT;R!A
M8V-O=6YT('1H92!P;W1E;G1I86P@9&EL=71I;VX@=&AA=!C;W5L9!O8V-U



]


T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



X

@;F5W










]

]
T1T97AT/CQT

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

:6%B
M:6QI='DF(S$V

M;CH@


#DL('1H92!#;VUP

@;V8@1D%30B!!4T
@5&]P:6
@

@26YD97AE





M97

2!I;B!E87)N:6YG<R!U;G1I;!S=6-H
M('1I;64@87






M86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P


M(&EN($]C=&]B97(@

#0W




@=V%S(0P(&%N9`D
2PX-3`L
#`P(&]N($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R


M
#`@87











T1T;W`^





'!T.R!W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$



'!T


M9CLG/B8C

M4U4I($YO+B`R




M=65N=!R97-I9&5N=P@=VAI8V@@:7

M8V5E9'

M
C`Q

@
M=&\@=&AE(&-O9&EF:6-A=&EO;B!I;B!T:&4@05-5(&%R92!E9F9E8W1I=F4@



'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



@
S4P*3H@5&5S=&EN9R!);F1E

M+B!4:&ES($%352!S=&%T97






M:71H($-O9&EF:6-A=&EO;B!3=6)T;W!I8R`S-3`M
S`L($EN=&%N9VEB;&5S
M)B
X









M=!Y970@8F5E;B!M861E(&%V86EL86)L92!F;W(@:7-S=6%N8V4N/]P/@T*

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#!P

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97



3(M
#
L(%1E8VAN:6-A

@4V5C=&EO;G
N
M(%1H:7

M86YT('1O(%-!0B`Q
30L(%-%0R!296QE87-E($YO+B`S
RTY


'!T(#!P


M/B8C


M4U4I($YO+B`R


M;F]T(&AA=F4@=')A;G-I=&EO;B!G=6ED86YC92!W:6QL(&)E(&5F9F5C=&EV



@;F5W(')O;6%N





L('-U8V@@87




@=V5R








M
34L(#(P
3



@



M=#H@


'!X.R!M87)G:6XZ


3(L($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%C8V]U;G1I

#$R+3`V+!=7-I




@82!297-U;'0@;V8@82!'





@




34L(#(P
M

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M(S$V

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M

M05-5*2!.;RX@
C`Q




@=&AE(&5F9F5C='
@;V8@86YY
M(&-H86YG97





M(&%M96YD;65N='

M871I;VX@:7

C`Q


M96X@:7-S=65D(&]R+!F;W(@86QL(&]T:&5R(&5N=&ET:65S+!H879E(&YO
M=!Y970@8F5E;B!M861E(&%V86EL86)L92!F;W(@:7-S=6%N8V4N/]P/CQS



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5+2#X-

I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]


]

@


M9FEN960@8GD@05-#(#@Q




M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




@;F5W


T1N;W=R87`^3F%M
M928C
38P.V]F)B



#L\+W1D

M)B





M8V

Q-C`[5FER9VEN)B
Q-C`[27-L86YD


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF
M(S$V

M:61T:#H@

3`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

M

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M8V

M=6QT=7)E($1E=F5L;W!M96YT($-O;7!A;GD\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO






T0G




#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA<F=I;CH@
M


M97)I9CLG/B8C



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@17-T:6UA=&5D(%5S969U;!
:79E

]
T1T97AT
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@
'!T





'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q


@;F5W(')O;6%N







M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

38P.SPO




M(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97









]

]
T1T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@
M








M;&4]

M9F]N=#H@






38P


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^


M)SXV+C

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C





CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C
M-68S8SAC
&








#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@






M;BUT;W`Z(#!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P


6QE





38P.SPO8CX\+W`^
M#0H\=&%B;&4@86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#@U)3L@




Q-C`[
S$L
C`Q



38P


[('9E



M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$V)3LG/CDL-3DQ+#(P





38P.SPO=&0^



M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


2PR.3(L-S(P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M)B

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG
M/B8C








T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9#XF(S$V

M)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C5P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[
M)SY.150@05-31513/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@



BPW
C`\+W1D

M=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

3`L.#DQ



M



#`E.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA<F=I;CH@
'!T


M9CLG/CQB/B8C
38P.SPO8CX\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@


M93L@9F]N=#H@



T1N;W=R87`^)B

M
B!N;W=R87`]


M8F5R)B
Q-C`[




#L\

#L\

Q-C`[

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


T0G

M9&5N=#H@

M


M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


'!X.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@U


M#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



M9&5N=#H@

M



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@R+#8R-RPV.#
\+W1D/@T*

M(S$V

M(S$V

M*#0L-#DQ+#(Q


M;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D('-T




\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^




'!X.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P


SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'@[('!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#H@,'!X
M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^+3PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*



M97AT4&%R=%\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C
#0-








]

M86QI9VX]

]
T1R

]
T1T

'!T







M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B


T0R/C(P







C`Q

M

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*


[



38P


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C


C0W+#DV

M






CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T+U=O

O4VAE970S
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]



S$L(#(P
M




M;&]W:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#




T0G





38P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B8C

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#LG(&-O;'-P86X],T0R/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-






38P


M('=I9'1H.B`Q-B4[)SXS-3`L.#8Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


T0G


M.B`Q)3LG/B8C


M;VTZ(#%P=#LG/D%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
\+W1D

#L\


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L





'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/DYE=!B86QA;F-E(&%T





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE


]
T1P


M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q

M




M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V


CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9#XF(S$V




T0G


M


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[
M)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$V)3LG/C




M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V





M

#





M


M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@



T0G=&5X

T0G



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

BPQ
38\

M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C




30L
M.#0X/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

M97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q




T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@








M(&=O;V1S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\


M:61T:#H@




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

M9G0[)SXF(S$V



M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

M9G0[)SXF(S$V


RPU



M93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG




M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C


M




M-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&





]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


@86YD(%!R
M97!A:60@17AP96YS97







M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G=&5X



B4[)SY!9'9A

M
24[)SXF(S$V


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@



38P.SPO=&0^


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$V)3LG
M/C
L
S
T/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@





M


M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C







M;&4]


M:&5R/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\








T0G


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$Q+#0Q.#PO


M(#%P=#LG/B8C


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C
#0O





]



M5P@3D54(A486)L97


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



M86QI9VX]





'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



T0P/@T*/'1R





Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V


CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\

M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N
C5I;CL@=VED
M=&@Z(#8R)3LG/D)U:6QD:6YG/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
24[)SXF(S$V


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

38P/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\



M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C


M;&4]

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^
M,3$T+#<R.#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG
M/B8C


M=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N,C5I;CLG/DUO=&]R('9E:&EC;&5S/]T9#X-



38P.SPO


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

#L\+W1D/@T*





M;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

M(#%P=#LG/B@Q-BPY.3DL
S
S





M(#`N








3(L-#0V+#

T0G=&5X

'0M



M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

38Q+#`R-#PO


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C


M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU





M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT


#(T/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


Q



]


@;F5W(')O





M;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M;&4]


M
B4[)SY#;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
24[)SXF(S$V


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

2PT.3@L
C@T/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M-B4[)SXR+#$U

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T



M;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M


C`L-C@X/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M



M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


T0G8F%C:V=R





]

]
M

]

]



M;&4]


'!T(#!P


M/B8C


'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

38P.SPO


38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T

CXR
#$R
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

T0R
M/C(P

M)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^)B

T0G8F%C:V=R


M


M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Q-B4[)SXP/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

T0G=&5X

C
R/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[
M)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\



#L\+W1D

T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


M=#LG/B8C


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG



M(#%P=#LG/B8C


M;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

C@U+#
P
CPO=&0^




Z(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@:6UP86ER;65N=#PO=&0^


38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O






M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(S$V


#L\




M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U,64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?
M.68R.%\Q8S5F,V,X8S!C,#0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O

CA?
6
U9C-C.&

M:&5E='
O4VAE970S-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\










Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/C(P




#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


C`Q

M;&4]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R




Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M
24[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$V)3LG/C(L.#4R+#8Y

T0G=&5X


#8L
M
#$Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#LG/B8C




Z(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO


38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T




T0G




M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M='1O;3H@




M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C






M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN.R!M87)G



T0G=VED=&@Z


M

T0R/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

CXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O







M


M

M;&4]




38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R




M=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

RPV-C`\+W1D

M=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B





T1T
M;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@1FEN:71E($QI=F5D($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S
M($9U='5R92!!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@17AP96YS92!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C











CXF(S$V



M='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$V)3LG/C(P-BPQ.3D\+W1D/@T*

M


30\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P


#8L
M

Q


M


38\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P


#8L
M

Q


M





M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T





M:'0[)SXF(S$V



CA?
M
6
U9C-C.&


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]






T0G=VED

M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#`N


Q







M





@9G)O;2!!9W)I8W5L='5R

@

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@,3`E
M.R<^,#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[
M)SXF(S$V

M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C


RPT.#D\+W1D/@T*/'1D

38P


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^






@9G)O;2!!9W)I8W5L='5R86P@1&5V96QO

@870@-BXU-B4@

#$R/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
M

M

#PO


M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9#XF(S$V


M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P







M
#8L(#(P
3(\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*

RPQ-#4L

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M)B

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG
M/B8C


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V



C`Q
CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C`\

#L\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^)B

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



[

@9G)O



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@



T0G=&5X
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^






M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C




#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\







Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



BPP
M

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



SDN



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C


]






T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97
@6U1A



M1&5C96UB97(@


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\

M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M;CTS1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO


M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;3H@













^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4R1CX-B`@(`@(#QT

I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97

\=3XF(S$V
M

M


M97)I9CLG/B8C


'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



T0G


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

CXR
#$R/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/C(P
3$\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*


M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V


CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\

'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`T.4[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[)SY
;V%N


C8L(#(P

M


M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
24[)SXF(S$V



M;&4]

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT




M:'0[)SXH
2PT
C8L-C(T/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D








Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

2PT
C8L-C(T/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@




T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

P






@56YD97(@3&]N9R!497)M($)A
M;FL@3&]A;G




M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6X[





M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M/C(P
3

38P.SPO


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO



C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$L-#(V+#8R-#PO=&0^#0H\


[




38P.SPO=&0^#0H\




CA?
6
U9C-C.&

O4VAE970T
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]


M

S$L(#(P


;V%N



#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97







Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9#XF(S$V


CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T0G=&5X

#$V/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V




3DW+#@W-3PO

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!W:61T:#H@,3`E.R<^,C,W+#,R.#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R<^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF
M(S$V

M(S$V

M)B

M)B





#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#LG/B@T




M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$U


38P.SPO=&0^


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P



3DU+#$T

T0G=&5X


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E(%!R


'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


@=6YD97(@=&AE(&)A;FL@;&]A
M;G
@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P/@T*



M.B`X-R4[)SXR
#$S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF
M(S$V

M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C



38P.SPO=&0^


30\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\



#L\+W1D/@T*

T0G=&5X

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXR
#$V/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO






MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?
M-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&






M24)

M86X]

#$R


@6T%B



@16QI9VEB;&4@5&\@0F4@4'5R





M97

M;&4]


T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!C;VQO

T1N;W=R87`^)B



38P.V]F)B

\+W1D




T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@





T1N;W=R87`^)B

38P





T1N;W=R87`^)B

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG

M
T1N;W=R87`^4V5R:65S)B
Q-C`[;V8F(S$V
#MW87)R86YT/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B



Q+S(P


M


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

B!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
3(O
S$O
C`Q

T0G





38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG(&-O
M;'-P86X]

38P.W!R:6-E
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!C;VQO

T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


M)B



38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG(&YO=W)A

Q-C`[1&%T93PO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E

T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

30E.R!C;VQO

T1N;W=R87`^

M


#`L
#`P
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M

#L\+W1D






M:61T:#H@

M

M:#H@

T1N;W=R87`^3V-T;V)E



T0G=&5X




M










T0G=&5X





M;&4]




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[

M8FQA8VL[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B



#L\+W1D




#L\+W1D/@T*

M)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




M8VL[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
RXP

T0G


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


L(#(P




38P.SPO=&0^


M/B8C




T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^





38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M






M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@













N







M9VAT.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M87`]



M/B8C




M


M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B


T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


#L\+W1D/@T*


#`\+W1D/@T*


38P




T0G=&5X





M(S$V







#L\


#L\+W1D





M;&4]




T0P/@T*/'1R










T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT




#M);G1R:6YS:6

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

CXF(S$V




#$Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF
M(S$V

M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C


#`L
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M



24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO=&0^

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R<^+3PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V










38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



38P.SPO



M)SXF(S$V


#L\+W1D

#`L
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

#L\


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

#L\+W1D

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[


#$R/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D


M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D

38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXU

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



38P.SPO=&0^


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P






'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97

Q


M7SEF
CA?
6
U9C-C.&

O4VAE970T
RYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P








'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA




'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M

T1N;W=R87`^)B





M;&4]

B!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^4FES:R8C

M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B


M
38P.U9A;'5E/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

M




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF
M(S$V





M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\

M






Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C4L
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B8C


M)SXQ

M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V





T0G

2PV-#8\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T





T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S

M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)SXU/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M;&4]



38P.SPO=&0^


M/@T*/'1D/B8C




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V

M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@


M+#`P


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M/'1D/B8C




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


38P.SPO


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([)SXU/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V






Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C`\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M

M

2XR





M)SXF(S$V



#PO=&0^#0H\

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^,3`U/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)3PO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S


M/B8C




M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C4L
M
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([('!A

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT







M

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G=&5X



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C4L
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P


#4\


M9G0[)SXF(S$V




M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C




T0G


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@





M

M(S$V










#L\

M+6)O='1O;3H@

3`U/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\






M


M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@


M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C0L-C`U/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T


T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



M;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

M;&4]

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


]




'!T


M9CLG/B8C


'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I

M;G


38P.SPO=&0^



M
B!N;W=R87`]

M:7-E)B


M/B8C




B!N;W=R87`]


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

CXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



M.B`V



T0G=&5X

24[)SXF(S$V
#L\

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B8C


M)SXF(S$V

M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G



M

38P.SPO




M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V

'!I<F5D/]T






M8F5R(#

M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

#PO







M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M=&EO;G

S$L(#(P

'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97




T1N;W=R87`^

38P.V]U='-T86YD:6YG/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I

M;G
F(S$V





\+V(^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@



#L\+V(^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


@;F5W




#L\+V(^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT







M;VXZ(&YO;F4[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&(^)B

7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+61E8V]R

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&(^
M5V5I9VAT960\8G(@+SYA=F5R86=E)B


M(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ(&YO;F4[)R!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&(^)B





M;&4]

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG(&YO=W)A



#L\




#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D






38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG



M(S$V



T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[










T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

T1N
M;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


M



38P

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y
M9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


T0Q/C$R($UO

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




M92P@0F%S:6







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

C`Q
CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


38P.SPO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED

CXR
#$Q/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X





38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
M




S
S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXI/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V




RPW
M




M=#LG/B8C




I16%R;FEN9W
@9F]R('1H92!P=7)P;W-E(&]F

M



L-S$Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9#XF(S$V

M)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N


38P

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


M:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!F;W(@=&AE

@96%R;FEN9W

M9#XF(S$V

M)SXF(S$V


C`L.3(W+#

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL






M('-T;V-K/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V




'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^.2PQ,S0L
M.#@S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M='
\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T






C0L.#@S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B


3
Y+#(X







M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
6QE/3-$
M)V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG


MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B

C`L-#@Q+#4U-SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M.#1F7SEF
CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&










]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@26YC;VUE(&)E

]
T1T97AT/CQP


M9F]N=#H@





M

M(S$V

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

C`Q
3PO=&0^



M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\







M969T.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G

M+6)O='1O;3H@

M+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M)SXF(S$V


C(L
3DP+#0Q


M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@


M+6)O='1O;3H@





U/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@169F96-T:79E($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T
M92!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@

]






M:7-I;VX@9F]R(&EN8V]M92!T87@@:7
@87

M(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z(#@U)3L@8F]R9&5R




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V


CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B8C



T0G=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V



S0\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



M;&4]





#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D


M)B

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG

'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^*#,T/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R<^*24\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*

M=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B





M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;B!I;B!04D



M(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O


M

M(S$V

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T


#L\+W1D

M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V





M

M8FEL:71I97







@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P






M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M(S$V




#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
M

M;&4]

\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C




M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D







M=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C
S+#DT

M



38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C
Q




M/B8C


C`W/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


T0G8F%C:V=R



#L\


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(R+#DR







M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET


M;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M



#PO=&0^







Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C
#0O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

(%-4051%345.
M5%


]





M=&EM97


'!T(#!P


M/CQB/D)A;&%N8V4@4VAE971S(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N
M9`R


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



T0P/@T*




M8V9F8V


3$[

M


M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Q



M.38Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V










M;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@







M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C
X


M9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P


M

M

M;&4]



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
M





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T






M;&ET:65S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

#L\+W1D

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
M




M=&%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

3PO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M=#LG/B8C


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9#XF(S$V

M9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\


M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M)B
X



M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$V+#
T
BPT-#4\+W1D






M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C
V+#4X-2PX-3D\



M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G=&5X





M871E;65N='





@86YD

@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P






24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


3`E


M.B`Q)3LG/B8C









M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


M)SXH







T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/D]T:&5R(&EN8V]M92`H97AP96YS97,I/]T9#X-






M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

2PX-3`L
#`P/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M)SXF(S$V


#PO


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@R
PR-#,L-#$T/]T9#X-




38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R


\+W1D/@T*/'1D

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@R





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C
M9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY/4D=!3DE:051)3TX@04Y$(%!224Y#25!!3!!0U1)5DE42453(A$971A


@16YD960\

3XQ($UO


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

#`W/&)R

3`L(#(P


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P


]


]




#`Q



#`L






]
T1T97AT/CQS



















M






]


]









@:6YC;'5D:6YG(&)U=!N;W0@;&EM:71E9!T;R!A;GD@86UE;F1M

M86YG;&EN+!A;GD@8VAA;F=E(&EN(')E9VES=&5R960@8V%P:71A;P@86YY



]

]


]


]


]


\+W1D/@T*

]


]



T1T;W`^4')E9F5R




3QS





]


]


T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@27-S=65D

]


]


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K


]


]


M
CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&




]

T0R/C$R($UO;G1H


CY$96
N(#


]


]
T1R93X-

M


T1T;W`^1F%I=&@@

]
T1T97AT/CQS








]


M87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y04D



]
T1P




T1T;W`^6S%=
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M
&



]
T1R




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#












:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ
M


M9VX]

M87AI;75M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X









]
T1R








]



]











;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R
M.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]
M
&-H86YG92!R871E/]T9#X-B`@

Q





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5)-$%'/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S





T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@



]




M(#0T+#(Q



]







@4F5S97)V93PO=&0^#0H@




]


M;7`^.2PT.3DL


RPW
C(L-C




34L
#`S+#DT
3QS

]



34X/'-P86X^






]











]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]


]






@5V5L9F%R92!&=6YD


]

]


T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R72!\($QA;F0@



]
T1T97AT/C4P('EE87)S











]

M86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='


]


]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1FEN:71E+4QI=F5D($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S970L(%5S
M969U;!

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR
B!Y

]
T1T




^+RH@


M




@04Y$(%-54%!
24524R!#3TY#14Y44D%424].4R`H1&5T





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`P
2P@

]
M


]





T1T;W`^26YC



M;7`^
3`P+#`P


]




]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V
M-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C




M:78]

]
M


M25-#3TY424Y5140@3U!%4D%424].(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/CPO


T1T;W`^



]


]



]

]


T1T
M;W`^5$]404P@05-31513/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

BPW




BPW


2PQ
30\

M-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&






]

T1)1#!%24Q!





2PT-S





T1T



]
T1N=6T^*#0L-#DQ+#(Q


]

]
T1N=6T^
M*#
L-S(R+#8S


M
S





T1T

3`L

C$S+#@T


M-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&







]


M86QI9VX]

M;G0@+2!5+E





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R
M.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M(&%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#$Q








CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X
M7S%C-68S8SAC
&



]



CXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@





#




]



M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y
M9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&



]
T1T

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3DW+#(Y





M
RPP

M7S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&
P-`T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P







]
T1N=6UP/C0U+#
Y


]


RPY-3D\


]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y
M9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C



M='`M97%U:78]

]




S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M


]


]
T1R;SX-


T1T;W`^3V9F:6-E(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO=&0^

]

]
M


]




]
T1N
M=6T^*#$U-BPR-S4L

]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#$R+#0T-BPS
CDI

M
RPW.#0L


]



2PP




M9VX]


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X
M8S!C



]







30W+#$V










]
T1R;SX-


38Y+#DY
RPS




M86QI9VX]



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0G5I;&1I;F=S/]T



T1T;W`^36%C:&EN

]
T1N




]

]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#8Y


]







RPW.#0L



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(&)O;VL@=F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M
CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&




]

M*$1E=&%I;'
@

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






]
T1T

]












M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U,64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?
M.68R.%\Q8S5F,V,X8S!C,#0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O

CA?
6
U9C-C.&

M:&5E='
O4VAE970V
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


T0R/C$R($UO;G1H



]















]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C
M



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M04Y'24)
12!!4U-%5%


M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPX


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

M;3XH

]




P-BPP








]
T1N=6UP/B0@

64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q
M8S5F
V
X8S!C




M(&-O;'-P86X]




]





]



M96YS97

]
T1T97AT

]



]
T1T


M




CA?
6
U9C-C.&

O4VAE
M970V-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O

12!!4U-%5%



M
T1T;W`^
C`Q

M
#8L




M
#8L




M
#8L




M
#8L




M
#8L





]



CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P
M8S`T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W
M-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&







86YD(%5S
M92!2:6=H='

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='
@


T1T;W`^1FEN


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q
M8S5F
V
X8S!C


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

M;'-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M




]

]

]

M

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]



]




]


]



M4V5P=&5M8F5R(#$T+#(P


]

]
T1P





M
BPR
#$R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]L;&%T97)A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


]

]
M

#$S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@







;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
M
V
X8S!C



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO





#$Q
M/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L
M(#(P


M;FYU;2P@1'5E($%U9W5S=`Q,PR
#$R(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


S$L(#(P

@070@

M8RX@
S$L(#(P

@070@-BXU-B!097)C96YT

3(L
C`Q


#$R/&)R


S$L(#(P
3$\


]


]


]


]





]




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6P@
C



]

]
T1T97AT
M/D]C=`Q,BP-@D)
C`Q


]

C`Q



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PU
C
L


]



T1T;W`^3&EN92!O9B!#












M87)T7S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&
P-`T*0V]N





]

M

2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!E;F0@



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q
M8S5F
V
X8S!C

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



3TY'+51%4DT@0D%.2R!

T0Q/CPO



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPX-3
L

]
M


2PT

2PT
34L-#(X/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPX


M86X@07)R86YG96UE;G0@3&]N9R!497)M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X
M8S!C




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT









]

]

]



T1T;W`^
C`Q-#PO=&0^




T1T;W`^3&]A;G
@





M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y
M9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&



]
T1T

M04Y+($Q/04X@*$1E=&%I;'


CXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO


RPT


S$U+#
S

]
T1P

M












;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C
M9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY214Q!5$5$(%!!4E1)15


M9VX]
T1T;W`^3&]A;G


@870@-RXW

M97(@
C@L(#(P

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
C
W+#

]
M


]
T1N=6UP

]


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3DU+#$T




M:G


M9#TS1$E$



M4$%25$E%4R!44D%.4T%#5$E/3E
@*$1E=&%I;'
@

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P





]


T1T;W`^
C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]



T1T;W`^







]




CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T+U=O

O4VAE970W-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


]

M.2PY








]




]

]



T1T;W`^5VEN;F5R(%-T


]






]


]

]
T1P


M1&YU;7`^-RXW




M871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y/8W0@
C@L#0H)


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R
M.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO

M;7`^




]



]










]


]




]



T1T;W`^5V%R










]



M3W(@4FEG:'0@17AP:7)A=&EO;B!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y/8W0@

]



]






]








]



T1T;W`^4V5R:65S($





]



]



]









]



]

]
T1N




]
T1N=6UP/C





]


]

]


]


2PP
M
#`L



]





]


]

]
T1T97AT/D]C=`R
M+`T*0DR




@1B!787)R86YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@






M



@;W(@4FEG:'1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]

C`Q

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y
M9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&



]
T1T

@*$1E=&%I;'
@
2D@*%53

]
T1T



T1T;W`^


#`L




38L-3`P
M+#`P

]

]
T1N

M/3-$=&]P/D]U='-T86YD:6YG+!796EG:'1E9UA=F5R86=E(&5X97)C:7-E





]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17AP:7)E9P@5V5I9VAT960@+2!A=F5R
M86=E(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^27-S=65D+!!



@

]
T1R


]




CA?
M
6
U9C-C.&

O4VAE970W.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3X\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


@1B!787)R


S$L(#(P
M


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^






















2PU
M
#`L


















M(#(N




]


















C$L-3`P
M+#`P

]
T1T

]


]


]


]


]


]




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N





M1&YU;7`^






#`E/'-P86X^


M86YT(&QI=F5S(&EN('EE87)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$











]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


#`L







2PP
#`L



]


]


]



T1T;W`^4F%N9V4@











]










]



]
T1T97AT


]


]


]


]



]






















]
M

]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^0V]N=')I8G5T:6]N($]F






]
M

]
M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P



M1&YU;7`^
3`N
















]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M



]


]


















]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^0VQA


@


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]



]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
3
T+#@X


]







]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C0P
M


]

]


]


]


]


]


]










]


]













M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

M-68S8SAC
&






]



T0Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P






]
M





]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P-2XP

]
T1R

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$L






]

]







M=&]P/D1I=FED96YD(%EI96QD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M86QI9VX]







]


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F($]P=&EO;G




T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

M1&YU;7`^







2PQ






]

]
T1T97AT





















]
M



T1T;W`^1W)A;G0@1&%T92!&86ER(%9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@


M4VEX(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




]

]









M


]
T1R












]


T1T;W`^1W)A;G0@1&%T92!&

M




]



]

]


]



T1T


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C`N








]


]

]
T1T97AT

]


M86QI9VX]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]


]


]










]
M



T1T;W`^1W)A;G0@1&%T92!&86ER(%9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@

64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?
M.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C

T0G=&5X




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M;7`^-3`L




]










T1T;W`^



T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT









M9V%T92!);G1R:6YS:6



@


T1T





64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F
M7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C

M

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



]






]


]








]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^




]


]


N


M.#1F7SEF
CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P8S`T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&






]


]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]





]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P



T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!;365M8F5R



















L(%-H87)E


]





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\





]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



S




]


]

S

L

]





M;7`^
C`L.3(W+#

]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C@L-#(T+#@X

T1T;W`^169F96-T(&]F(&1I;'5T:79E




M.#

M;3XH.2PQ
SDL

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C(P





CA?
6
U9C-C.&

O4VAE970X


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

C`L-30T+#
S




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L











^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4U3$%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S



M/3-$
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]
T1N=6UP/C




]
M



S0N


]
T1R



]
&5M<'1I;VX@:6X@4%)#



T1T;W`^



CA?
6
U9C-C.&

O4VAE
M970X-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O


2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1FEX960@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ-C`L.3`W/'-P




]
T1N=6UP/C
Q

]
T1R



]


]



]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@



M1&YU;7`^

]
M





]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$593$%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@




M86X]




T0R/C$R($UO

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^4')C(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]

L($]P97)A=&EN
M9R!

L($1O;65S=&EC/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

2PQ

P


]
T1T


M








M=&]P/E=I=&AH;VQD:6YG($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@










M;VX@06QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M(#
L
#
P+#@W


]


]


]




M:G


M9#TS1$E$



3(@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]




CA?
6
U9C-C.&
P
M8S`T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4Q93EF-&-F7S8W
M-&9?-#@T9E\Y9C(X7S%C-68S8SAC
&






]


M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q






M='

]
T1N=6UP/C


2PX-3`L
#`P



M1&YU;7`^-BPP
C$L

S`L









]

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]



]


]

]
M


]


]


]


\+W1D







M1&YU;7`^
BPS


38L



]

G(&5Q

C
L
M

M;7`^)`S.PY

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C
M




CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L




M.3


]


]
T1T97AT

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#4P+#`P


#`I/'-P86X^




]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
RPQ

]

]



]
T1N=6T^*#$R
M+#$Q


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-C@L
M

]

C(L
M




2PX-3`L


]
M



M97



L-#$T

3
L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F
M7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M+4].3%D@1DE.04Y#24%
(%-4051%345.5%
@*$1E=&%I;'



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PS
C
L-3`P



M97AT4&%R=%\U
64Y9C1C9E\V-S1F7S0X-&9?.68R.%\Q8S5F
V
X8S!C
#0-


T0B4VAE970P
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#DN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970R
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(U

M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S`N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970S,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,S,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,T+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#
W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970T,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970U,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-30N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$

M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#8Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970V-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C8N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]

T0B4VAE970W
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@

T0B4VAE970X
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#@R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
RYH=&UL(B\^

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T.3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DQ+FAT;6PB

CA?
6
U
-9C-C.&

 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<td style=text-align:

<td style=text-align:
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_ScheduleOfStatusOfOptionsOutstandingTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_EconomicAndPoliticalRisksPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_AccountingForImpairmentOfAssetsHeldForSalePolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_CustomerDepositsPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_PensionandEmployeeBenefitsPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_StatutoryReservesPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times



        
        








 net of a VAT. All of Yanglin&#8217;s products that are sold in PRC are subject to a Chinese VAT on the gross sales price. VAT from sales may be offset by VAT paid on purchase of raw materials included in the cost of producing the finished goods.


        
        







 2009
 the Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 815
 Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815) (previously ElTF 07-5
 Determining Whether an instrument (or an Embedded Feature) is Indexed to an Entity's Own Stock). As a result of adopting ASC 815
 the outstanding warrants of the Company previously treated as equity pursuant to the derivative treatment exemption were no longer afforded equity treatment as there was a down-round protection (full-ratchet down round protection). As a result
 the warrants are not considered indexed to the Company's own stock
 and as such
 all future changes in the fair value of these warrants will be recognized currently in earnings until such time as the warrants are exercised or expire.


 effective January 1
 2009
 the Company reclassified the fair value of these warrants from equity to liability
 as if these warrants were treated as a derivative liability since their issuance in October 2007. On January 1
 2009 the Company recorded as a cumulative effect adjustment by decreasing additional paid-in capital amounting to $15
003
941 and decreasing beginning retained earnings by the amount of $72
047
158 and recording $87
051
099 as a warrant liability to recognize the fair value of such warrants on January 1
 2009. The fair value of the warrants was $0 and $1
850
000 on December 31
 2012 and 2011 respectively. The Company recognized $1
850
000 as income and $800
000 as loss from the expiration of Warrant Liability for the year ended December 31
 2012 and from the change in fair value of warrants for the year ended December 31
 2011 respectively.




New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        







 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-01
 Health Care Entities (Topic 954): Continuing Care Retirement Communities &#8212; Refundable Advance Fees. This ASU clarifies that an entity should classify an advance fee as deferred revenue when a continuing care retirement community has a resident contract that provides for payment of the refundable advance fee upon reoccupancy by a subsequent resident
 which is limited to the proceeds of reoccupancy. Refundable advance fees that are contingent upon reoccupancy by a subsequent resident but are not limited to the proceeds of reoccupancy should be accounted for and reported as a liability. For public entities (including conduit bond obligors)
 the amendments in ASU No. 2012-01 are effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the amendments to the codification in the ASU are effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in ASU No. 2012-01 should be applied retrospectively by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to opening retained earnings (or unrestricted net assets) as of the beginning of the earliest period presented.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-02
 Intangibles&#8212;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment. This ASU states that an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
 after assessing the totality of events and circumstances
 an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 then the entity is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying amount in accordance with Codification Subtopic 350-30
 Intangibles&#8212;Goodwill and Other
 General Intangibles Other than Goodwill. Under the guidance in this ASU
 an entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. An entity will be able to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012. Early adoption is permitted
 including for annual and interim impairment tests performed as of a date before July 27
 2012
 if a public entity&#8217;s financial statements for the most recent annual or interim period have not yet been issued or
 for nonpublic entities
 have not yet been made available for issuance.


 FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-03
 Technical Amendments and Corrections to SEC Sections. This ASU amends various SEC paragraphs pursuant to SAB 114
 SEC Release No. 33-9250
 and ASU 2010-22
 which amend or rescind portions of certain SAB Topics.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-04
 Technical Corrections and Improvements. This ASU make technical corrections
 clarifications
 and limited-scope improvements to various Topics throughout the Codification. The amendments in this ASU that will not have transition guidance will be effective upon issuance for both public entities and nonpublic entities. For public entities
 the amendments that are subject to the transition guidance will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the amendments that are subject to the transition guidance will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2013.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-05
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230). This ASU addresses how cash receipts arising from the sale of certain donated financial assets
 such as securities
 should be classified in the statement of cash flows of not-for-profit entities (NFPs). Some NFPs classify those cash receipts as investing cash inflows
 while other entities classify them as either operating cash inflows or financing cash inflows
 consistent with their treatment of inflows arising from cash contributions. The objective of this Update is for an NFP to classify cash receipts from the sale of donated financial assets consistently with cash donations received in the statement of cash flows if those cash receipts were from the sale of donated financial assets that upon receipt were directed without the NFP imposing any limitations for sale and were converted nearly immediately into cash. The amendments in the ASU are effective prospectively for fiscal years
 and interim fiscal periods within those years
 beginning after June 15
 2013. Retrospective application to all periods presented upon the date of adoption is permitted. Early adoption from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption is permitted.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU)
 No. 2012-06
 Business Combinations (Topic 805): Subsequent Accounting for an Indemnification Asset Recognized at the Acquisition Date as a Result of a Government-Assisted Acquisition of a Financial Institution. This ASU addresses the diversity in practice about how to interpret the terms on the same basis and contractual limitations when subsequently measuring an indemnification asset recognized in a government-assisted (Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or National Credit Union Administration) acquisition of a financial institution that includes a loss-sharing agreement (indemnification agreement). For public and nonpublic entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after December 15
 2012. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied prospectively to any new indemnification assets acquired after the date of adoption and to indemnification assets existing as of the date of adoption arising from a government-assisted acquisition of a financial institution.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2012-07
 Entertainment&#8212;Films (Topic 926): Accounting for Fair Value Information That Arises after the Measurement Date and Its Inclusion in the Impairment Analysis of Unamortized Film Costs. This ASU eliminates the rebuttable presumption that the conditions leading to the write-off of unamortized film costs after the balance sheet date existed as of the balance sheet date. The amendments also eliminate the requirement that an entity incorporate into fair value measurements used in the impairment tests the effects of any changes in estimates resulting from the consideration of subsequent evidence if the information would not have been considered by market participants at the measurement date. or SEC filers
 the amendments are effective for impairment assessments performed on or after December 15
 2012. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for impairment assessments performed on or after December 15
 2013. The amendments resulting from this ASU should be applied prospectively. Earlier application is permitted
 including for impairment assessments performed as of a date before October 24
 2012
 if
 for SEC filers
 the entity&#8217;s financial statements for the most recent annual or interim period have not yet been issued or
 for all other entities
 have not yet been made available for issuance.




        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Section 02
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
 -Paragraph 5
 7-20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7-18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        







 2013
 the date these consolidated financial statements were issued
 and determined that there were no other subsequent events or transactions that require recognition or disclosures in the financial statements except the following:




 2013.. The management expects the operation will be restarted before the end of second quarter in 2013.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

TRADE RECEIVABLES
 NET (Details) (USD $)















Trade receivables
 gross

861

897
945
        


        

116)

848)
        


        

745

883
097
        




        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
        






































544





963



















544





963









































927





481








424





134




















424





139









927





481








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation Of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and the following subsidiaries
 as well as Yanglin
 a variable interest entity of which WFOE is the primary beneficiary as defined by ASC 810 &#8220;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities.&#8221; All intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.




































































        
Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives of the property
 plant and equipment are as follows:

























        
        






































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 individually or in aggregate (as applicable); the nature of restrictions
 if any
 on the consolidated VIE's assets and on the settlement of its liabilities reported by an entity in its statement of financial position
 including the carrying amounts of such assets and liabilities; the nature of
 and changes in
 the risks associated with involvement in the VIE; how involvement with the VIE affects the entity's financial position
 financial performance
 and cash flows; the lack of recourse if creditors (or beneficial interest holders) of the consolidated VIE have no recourse to the general credit of the primary beneficiary (if applicable); the terms of arrangements
 giving consideration to both explicit arrangements and implicit variable interests
 if any
 that could require the entity to provide financial support to the VIE
 including events or circumstances that could expose the entity to a loss; the methodology used by the entity for determining whether or not it is the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entity; the significant factors considered and judgments made in determining that the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance are shared (as defined); the carrying amounts and classification of assets and liabilities of the VIE included in the statement of financial position; the entity's maximum exposure to loss
 if any
 as a result of its involvement with the VIE
 including how the maximum exposure is determined and significant sources of the entity's exposure to the VIE; a comparison of the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities and the entity's maximum exposure to loss; information about any liquidity arrangements
 guarantees
 and (or) other commitments by third parties that may affect the fair value or risk of the entity's variable interest in the VIE; whether or not the entity has provided financial support or other support (explicitly or implicitly) to the VIE that it was not previously contractually required to provide or whether the entity intends to provide that support
 including the type and amount of the support and the primary reasons for providing the support; and supplemental information the entity determines necessary to provide.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 14
 15
 16
 23
 24
 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Discontinued Operation
 Additional Disclosures [Abstract]
        


        
        




















 plant and equipment








591













299








292























292





891



















292





891






        
        











































849





473








477





964








627





491








340





722








968





213



















045












013





213








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure and Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
        
















 2009
 the Company adopted changes issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) to the authoritative hierarchy of GAAP.&#160;&#160;These changes establish the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) as the source of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP.&#160;&#160;Rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws are also sources of authoritative GAAP for SEC registrants.&#160;&#160;The FASB will no longer issue new standards in the form of Statements
 FASB Staff Positions (&#8220;FSP&#8221;)
 or Emerging Issues Task Force Abstracts; instead the FASB will&#160;issue Accounting Standards Updates (&#8220;ASUs&#8221;).&#160;&#160;ASUs will not be authoritative in their own right as they will only serve to update the ASC.&#160;&#160;These changes and the ASC itself do not change GAAP.&#160;&#160;Other than the manner in which new accounting guidance is referenced
 the adoption of these changes had no impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.









 the Company is deemed to be a continuation of the business of Faith Winner (BVI).&#160;&#160;The historical stockholders&#8217; equity of the accounting acquirer prior to the share exchange has&#160;been retroactively restated as if the share exchange transaction occurred as of the beginning of the first period presented.


 as well as Yanglin
 a variable interest entity of which WFOE is the primary beneficiary as defined by ASC 810 &#8220;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities.&#8221; All intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.












































































 actual results reported in future periods may differ from those estimates. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically
 and the effect of revisions are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the period they are determined to be necessary.









 the Company&#8217;s business
 financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political
 economic and legal environment in the PRC
 and by the general state of the PRC economy.


 among others
 the political
 economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Group&#8217;s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.











 using the straight-line method.&#160;&#160;Estimated useful lives range from 22 to 50 years.


 using the straight-line method. Estimated useful life is 10 years.




Property
 plant and equipment 




 plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation.&#160;&#160;Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives of the property
 plant and equipment are as follows:

























 whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.











 the impairment losses to be recognized are measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets held for sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less estimated costs of disposal.


 2012 and 2011
 the Group recognized $9
499
022 and $3
722
632 impairment loss on certain manufacturing facilities.









 and are stated at the lower of cost or market value. The cost of inventories is measured using the weighted average method. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an appropriate proportion of production overheads.









 invoice amount less an allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An allowance for doubtful accounts is maintained for all customers after considering a variety of factors
 including the length of time past due
 significant one-time events and the company&#8217;s historical experience.




















 Renminbi (RMB)
 as its functional currency. Results of operations and cash flow are translated at average exchange rates during the period
 and assets and liabilities are translated at the end of period exchange rates. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are included in accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders&#8217; equity. Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the results of operations as incurred.








































 or could be
 converted into USD at the rates used in translation.









 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the seller&#8217;s price to the buyer&#160;is fixed or determinable
 and collection is reasonably assured.









 direct labor cost
&#160;and applicable overhead costs&#160;attributable to the production of products.&#160;&#160;Permanent write-down of inventory to the lower of cost or market value is also reflected in the cost of revenues. For the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 there were no written-down of inventories.

















nses were $44
212 and $61
837 for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.









 directors and consultants (collectively &#8220;share-based payments&#8221;).&#160;&#160;Compensation cost related to such awards is measured based on the fair value of the instrument on the grant date and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period
 which generally equals the vesting period.&#160;&#160;All of the Company&#8217;s stock-based compensation is based on grants of equity instruments and no liability awards have been granted.








Full time employees in PRC entities participate in a government mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits
 medical care
 unemployment insurance

730 and $189
088 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.









 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between&#160;the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.&#160;&#160;A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Group is able to realize their benefits
 or the future realization is uncertain.


&#160;&#160;Accounting For Uncertainty In Income Taxes
 which provides clarification related to the process associated with accounting for uncertain tax positions recognized in our consolidated financial statements. ASC 740.10 prescribes a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken
 or expected to be taken
 in a tax return. ASC 740.10 also provides guidance related to
 among other things
 classification
 accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions
 and disclosure requirements










Pursuant to the applicable laws in PRC
 PRC entities are required to make appropriations to three non-distributable reserve funds
 namely the statutory surplus reserve
 statutory public welfare fund
 and discretionary surplus reserve
 based on after-tax net earnings as determined in accordance with the PRC GAAP
e employees and is non-distributable other than in liquidation.&#160;&#160;Beginning from January 1
 2006
 enterprises have no further requirements to make the appropriation to the statutory public welfare fund.&#160;&#160;Discretionary surplus reserve is a prescribed percentage approved by the shareholder. The Group does not make appropriations to the discretionary surplus reserve fund. 


 WFOE&#8217;s and Yanglin&#8217;s net income after taxation can only be distributed as dividends after appropriation has been made for the following:





Making up cumulative prior years&#8217; losses
 if any;







Allocations to the &#8220;Statutory surplus reserve&#8221; of at least 10% of net income after taxation
 as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations
 until the fund amounts to 50% of the Company's registered capital
 which is restricted for set off against losses
 expansion of production and operation or increase in registered capital;







Allocations to the discretionary surplus reserve
 if any. 



The Company established a statutory surplus reserve as well as a statutory&#160;public welfare fund and commenced to appropriate 10% and 5%

 of the PRC net income after taxation to these reserves. The amounts included in the statutory reserves consisted of surplus reserve of $3
752
424 and common welfare fund of $1
876
212 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011.









 all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Group&#8217;s current component of other comprehensive income is the foreign currency translation adjustment. &#160;











 times

<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p
 style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_ScheduleOfLongTermBankLoansTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 95%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_ScheduleOfFuturePrincipalPaymentsUnderLongTermBankLoansTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 50%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCompensationReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableToBank'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_FuturePrincipalRepaymentsUnderBankLoanInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_FuturePrincipalRepaymentsUnderBankLoanInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableToBank'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_OtherReceivablesAndPrepaidExpensesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCompensationReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLoansFromBank'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_StatutoryReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_DiscontinuedOperationCompensationReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_IncreaseDecreaseInAdvancePayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_ReclassifyImpairedAssetsFromFixedAssetsToOtherAssetsHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Supplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_PrepaymentForCustomersTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_AdvanceForTravels'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_PrepaidServiceFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_OtherReceivablesAndPrepaidExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesAndPrepaidExpensesTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_ConvertiblePreferredStockAndWarrantsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_ConvertiblePreferredStockAndWarrantsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 29.7pt; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 92%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double;
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_ScheduleOfDepreciationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<td style=padding-bottom:
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_DescriptionOfFixedAssetPledgedAsCollateralForLoanArrangementLongTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_DescriptionOfFixedAssetPledgedAsCollateralForLoanArrangementLongTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 45%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentRealizedGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
5O_W-`#P`$B<!$M=D*[LE


+U54?;57[Y0R&PT7#9ZJ#&\4M^
VQAV#US/_EPM*\


M\^O-@_8)^H0F8ZKFEJ$%Y3^_K[R+%X%DAI7P1O+#[0X=2&&K'2Q&^4(]76
M;


]B/C)5I#GQ



9;3/(+AP5U@
M#9@APZV^7CW=&=;GANHXMZ
'U])^^3@_8`K0.;W#'15BWZ[[3UJ&\;I0!R?+


_


WO$HYZC^GO5SMDL_
3W


(U26]AVR`1CE_TG
MI(/5MM/EOSW

J%^J=HF

M/=5U1(9@U;A3D7YMGJM3Y*I&IS!.E;%'4&N:-_'\





;W*8U
M3DW]5)\@$SFNC1^^PLOW*59O2P:_%`%7'3Z7I+VV$[HXM8?%J8Y8`UW-ZK-M












\;\05MI/_'\#
MF0_6[!FJYB?;\J;GUHVK-]OJDD]





M*^&R8
.7H
L[+$B7I]FGB_EM?;(2BU4;Y(8AQ[3'_B7O'\A]N39U](IT3S4N

A[)'/


11?3Q.EC


M!D3+S%


M68.


2

QD*]$
M`5Q=??X[./[X6?CXZ8/X21&OY^T'C'B$
E&\0XJ`8D.;_SZ!JN/9\&1N)?[#

7Y6O+4GK




6%;0;N3C


-5ZTC09'6`88M!CY


#.SC*A?NTX'NX:N6A]L\+6E-!4E-YWR_!


P
J

MT$DEG&3X;)X5198OP`G6_J
5.C2%H//-
K5@]:**&;PB`#X4EJ?2JY:Q#%4)
M+!
.KG(S=H/49V3XIW
KT`_'
(P(Q%#4$VJ_%-GR4T`.&U/$K*OA+&
EAF$!
M=@754RVM#U%FA/`

X&QZ)FS(BLJVU513&-9`9RP8CB&LRH8W[;\8QKC
L_F



6C@OY?'6PM9Z!*C$XVU&
<NK_PZ$2<*
OY'J=LJFNJ;
\)ED5=X@=VU]K(RTV_C


7X:-Y5R75[M

M]`
KRQRC2)&E\$1ZE?*5[F





MAX

MSE;BM*IB).LV)2-'('
Y

M9\R^E?TQ4OFI]QP




M`Y?*Q=A1WY%YM@9

QW+LL;ND;4B46`66_Y5504%*XV

MF8(@
]'9'C6OZ]'FB_(@TZ#Y81;\:%
ME*(,A-)4IA,K#*6,E2C*Q0N

=9
MJH'1/]4GR/3+1Y'MP\I4P'&2'
ZSDT&P8M[*Y]$D1VCJ8C\+9);E)+8NWLJK


M[.=H3T$



M;D
VH2XE\*;OD7VF



8
M^O8PC'-_LGCQV)W(Q/*?WY//I#@5]JO!VF9'*%_^V
'_5ZWY@O8EA[55




M\562I_K(1O`DEJLJ`&?;-O2Z;*GN\9U6429TK&(P&2$Q)XF#??5XN^PN]`X]
M!W3D(XG]X.`3F_H




MV
*0/4DA
Z?JT8UL7;-AK-






M=-4K:?.9]P;OQD:'[6!=LB.\?D3!!#R'W
VGWAO`&R-W.UCA\1%C%F7%8G43





M[H]:Z$U_4A^TY(.XJDL

M'_AX.!HN18ZW^;+DVT/\PZC]7W
O=F0
MX2-P16L7<&PU#EOT:C_)'*#XV^


):')NO

MQ6@




M8O8+7!80K&PIHH^V7+TN2HO'HOAMQJ%$_$%@NSURO#`,)].F*
7F7$O\QG
MGPFB!7EB&F.8*#C&/XEH*1DDB.0*_35
^4CRT/#@WOT#]S!\WH_A0(F4_'

M2?]$N!-RA2V


PK3\`%@V5Y\Z2HW%A:`F4A+;4Y@,@CVP:4FT9D@A6PJU_':;

2O\21M'R!Y
?=L16D$_\TX%*=EBP0C$
MB(1CTQAB+PE$YH]L``P&X_=[N!)P$.5@Z4.F?6]T452D_S00?XG\`5RX?@!=

M.D@DJJ`D.Q(%G/UCR-Q
LHF=D


M3;%(^%MD1S!E^

AV`6N=0CUZ%
M!I!\WCS_3RI-PFLZP(*8%=2`C0$Y@8[@IHT_
5]0K@PI:M`]J5Z^/I9E(O&0

MU;EX9Z;%%Y3%0&4&&6'HS8EJ)$NKD(^!2N@)XL+O(M^@(4S$1A!N4;-.T0




M48.R+4^ANBTU;?Z
KI&*EK$U/=E]?):V#I[W@9/



.M+(!XR;L!PQE3(1HS
MXD\`.OS2_F$I^;MN1`PS1-L6GCLD_QDS?4#^T`SL#8V
1=TV1[KD$EIZ2+C+
M4ZPMQ1+/(%&]%H]*K'7%8@F_*O!


M8@
7'-E_(7\D&IQ[QXQK
&E494G*9YAD.XDFR7Z#8.B;-C[!71O$%$-&F@62
MZ%3$;:9DBMO[%-0RR;:.&$@+OG=/URAJ!G,*TJT1M*_Y,:I/79_
^QJJSL



;4@P[($/\SK2TARB4C&8B




3R%\&8



I8-N;K'?3ODE4S!F$U2/F\(


KPRDQ/UX?264?;E8VH(Q0^72D=Y-A)
;&LC[
M'7B:=(`M8`D!(F

CZ:H$J`YHN0@WD:!)UP]



M.

M=L;8C-4)(4]D9YU13M
;W$7X;Q+LI[U*LVOLPA-I6C`Z%R?(T&L'0G:V)YBY
M

K<NUQSL.YV8G\]IOJ





M%&0
-[+V2DMN%FQ8/\^-!#2
-\P



M)PCZ21\H]2DT15

M


MKRW+T\TX!P4.IDR+3'.(C'D


M(764AS!X`

@?G5%!5_

M\D+

*?1W.^W]$U%%6
MY+GR`




YB4Y^)
M8J&9%\LGY8%
]F?[2RS#6_&_UR2;;KIV=68@(J&#'\O**







MS8*HF_+*



)

2Q1E%Y(VEB(N7DL1*BT5\/QWH6-

M].7%[7E6_1BFE(T8U(=JL@E8^KSR(RI#0T-1C_D-2TR/LV?VU2G(S)=8Y;BL

MA


Y2#1UIT\P]0LSK8JUG0MKLT]9E:3^

4




M9O&Q
8A=E'J6/%N#9[-R0%.=MWG/.D%*7+V0!HRXMC#/25
*'O!4=EWFU6=6

MI0

J:4`8J.1\&V).S)51]=B

W*8R1@8]57%)\1CS
J4V-0%I4+Q1


H]=ZOD?PA5/






\
MA#UG&

M49ONC%+


09+)6/T+-JU`:J
]2_F;X5\&@WS9LF(8`\
MUHQ'NUT.S4#X`_R(AZ^`*H9QA6PR=;P98[$Z?FRWHZ+06<F/GLA#4S(
-0^
M]

SN3U8FGWFF

)W-[6ON%B0966L9DP@B2&2
M7J^
@J?+^`_O?_GW*8O(]Q@:++KF7`MVIWV$\SNNTH2V%Y5O

M7^H(A`U(

_
M8E)P#Y0Y8C:?K
['R#?S.:G5'

L=FKS+3:FZ7WEX\
M?AM



Q-0RWF*4;;XIGVYV`%&%JC#^(:Z9

M'$J!/C&U4VG
2I.FHJ*]1X9`_AMZY9
*84NFUU
SL+F;0#(JK!R'`/#FHIQ;
M`\/S?&P8QGN9

9X@3^
50%'\U
6)NMKQ9G34*O?-
MALN)V5Q/_3JUZ:;%H+=T1IWT1OJ,BJR*)@C)72^0+W::/Q4K37%GVK)<(<Z


2%584$2@

UV/--XO3J*8[BV$*#7;VXO\]1DZ-66IE/0Y


M]XK%A:3))(2

MQ:X_6JI!3OBG%L^4BX*
.FL%ATM


(62\KN;\Q!4_J?A)
MKA/Z[3=S'$46O3]5GK+&E


3H-0:`
MN)\PKEBJ.@72_?^XX



MKVF?EN



EDL$S]QF\$CE4&*.Q2)5

M=-+#*0P3
%K31*)EEN=1%C%2BNECV*?(7IHKKF]J5R_8`(#AL$ER*?8@YD6:








MN?



TO7K\-7KA97\SQD]M;`A8N-4W


VQ)_9\

??#PN6-Y**0

KM#&W5M31B9W*VUOI



0Q&_IV2:TP[LLRUIGW(2(TH`H@NJ0
M-4)LBL3TJGVI:8





M'P?)


M#CYJAM'2Z9D'YEN#(+2;%[V&^TZ=QG@F`!;_;+1D.H03:%1+99@9/7P;I=





W712WZ0+'XZXH)0O$M
M*OD[
=`$Q9B`QAQ2+[P$(KH$EC`&'2*Q$7VYN0]@*8_H
L*_$UL@C]J?6TP@






H@



MH..6

M3JW$3L^MY?.;=1R;?=8.;FNS_Y^_1


M1EY
K#@9)WF0I$7X\
#&?_WNBO_]SYM_7/^S:5PJ5WB%GWWMS./]PTV(_*
MA`N;75(R?(M8/WKY9G#[H/T^^/S;]8H!WU=2SBI6P&7S%R&#8HFO48]:LS
M?H*!M0MB-B@7/\(+P!:['W3URA.5$B@#3QC&)1^
;3JQB4`:9N)&
Q3V9O/8

MSG

M?T@;NO3DQ?%J]+S\Q/4=U


ML+G(`T5Z[B@*$_N+`F_%J2I.57I.U9166ROIBB.8EN?/IS:*HR]['(N#&W
T

EJ

2(



C


6'8Z=3$4O)Q#)8UOHJZ4KK


46





LA2%'YWA`E?[`B;3P3U5AJR!I!

)P96@J+46PC9!`-$_!DV_`DII4D8

R`(5

M(M\)1WMG5/XX^'S-9=W?K[]\NGM(X



K/)7<`1GV1C&N9X

M6(64C;&V./8\3G:;9RM`EFW/+C

DS59^_%.:T_S






MU^KMW''MDDKEH8O6#9'E+G*A68KC$FK_W[
=XT6SV]FY
I5O:OM/U+[_6:

MJ
JM7DTI7@V]VUQU67/F:6<'G$9<(K:]6:14QY;98POPQO/





M^U912VK8TZV+;;`]?U9%-^6IR;




M)W7I8*UT]4I7KW3U*OJJBK[:D\5D8+VBB


ME6ONNII66V_F
TJ6S


[3[!Z(/X2WK_\=V5-4


H;5'F#*F]0Y0TJ1D*F;VS78LAUZK5&&VZ_Q03]R':0


M$N5B3YG].Y;S+`^+U+^R%WL$:GPI!


M#%QW9




M:

M






MY_-4)$TWG0?^\6P##^#LMRI@6E!#/




O=GJZ+VJ=-%VN#/J


MPT9X@8H$?


P`U90H0T0O?9/4UJ36(I5=LK)+5G;)RBY9!D.;9<\Y1C?



%V80
MC4:

M16NQ])H5_/%.$;O?='KRA)KCD.6).SEU1=_0N]V6WNGNOQUP:8QEI.L?=HLW
M4A[W/'PQ(4:Y=SK139.4LPU2Q]1



/HOH64KC)?.W

;`

T






M*]?:CAVF3O!

6YP9]A:SL_N%96=CJ?E:=U@[]K-M#A%O




WY*-[@LF27`6!GE=!7Y/BYC8L)Q












U'%
94GNVQV@#AUZ`?T07@P]$?JR9RQWT`H27`PK.D5






M0?=@I]ZWA;1WPF$^2?I3?@6\S(:Z\L7XM/IZLY=+$RD9N4N\9EFRUR(GNX=$
M

M+@M/.Z;U-;=A:;W1=1N/WL[RS$8VI?W+[5684T'%KG]A-IHG_F6#*ASKP[RF
M\R-H\-J55]
^AU:M
$OC0?
Z]DJ=FZ).X_#U&HWZ3_(Q^4#\D_&3GM27?GOQ





O*\M)4GR?K[WA9;=4E*2[)J_R7

Z#+V9@F?_6




OIL`T4P2T_3!ET8VS



MM:*OF((@/4M





MD6
&`99:$AN`I1AXW:`@B'A!

WT;

MR`@[^3@Q^A.'DE304U[\JAO%7-2IY*NISP@;#$DH_%H7R@I`V!QE8FO%$U


Q/;TP3I



O$HGS/+E51









M1J![XCT\]%[AEO02FPIL=T:%2=)2A$*?%`R6@7&*.(IEIN=+





M%$
)ZPLP&]NSU%GB2OO
(ZD2N69;DRKR.X%



.3`M:

M23Y7GB5\(;#S(ZZT7H/X/XI=TU%`@)%KMILTV5(E:?N+F6.=FLA]\[PFSD


ZK?AP+EO;;+__0



MO\R#N9#_?'39+DL8#]C6A7+\B6J5T#*5C(T&YX+
+A?H;U7XPCQ[F$4S(O-(SVOPS:?3HZ6`W*7;+QGRD`,7X3J,$
M!P]X]`8)#P$9='52


M3!(F^EG


MC8R]H@
@9C;Q8#'[(!I71
MD$Y<X*4LB35D<=\=AB&)EDW`=2KQP
$]@C...IYK&HPJQ[5.
M-=\-28:#@Q

``SX1PIPOM:J`8PVZ!
MJ_M3C^.4;@*?Q;*M@!^!\J(P-H@M.-'7'*=
7U!NYGW*/.WI9:$_=-)!.HAE



#&?_WNBO_]SYM_

8+3`1Q;;W%M*IE

DR.C+8&K\5`SEF$%+9#GS&

MNFG1L$8:/3&T+F!*N`1Y
1

M

^IS
M\6OX+P:&SS11[66NA*M_UU$@*D1JJ)B1;A`Q*\B:HX:;FJ.&VTEF
$(%71
M







LKM/J

RKWWPBM0OO*#FI.J@B.Z*$6


M6\6HK_0
QC`I-'_

A
M'R9D66SD^=3/#7]P6?8Q+`;ORV;




M.^?ZYBB





\T''?';M_\!+

V3*7

MD2131N$DFF7#'*'GZS!7
&68!

G.Q@Y7A#Y[&Y\
MI4S^P!P31K_R@C!X?#%]]M$

M:9\4


K-=:MCMG)3=ZM8WL






M%5L]-^QMR9%S8:]D;3W/CFF=X9).0$G^Q%QO8KN5FGRR2SH\7^(!H7AWTRU=




MP67_5LP=I-83




M
4M_=UT(ZSV27REWGL7M'GOV\ABO?G%BS0?P!GB-D\.W!5BP0!+_*1#02V
Z0GU59##YZ.N91Z


^TSS(YWT#4&E4]].\!U:(-GWQY%3AAA`@8
M;[Z9XFI$0-A7-N%]'\






MLV%B



MN`!T_P=I6-YLQR'RM]U(W*0N
)6Q5Z#,3:.`-SJ$JCNBTGY;]
MB@0)2IF%AP\3-^%-N+7-^$:QW5?@AYRPI<B!ZEH(.SD!XL;#J4G01H((L/@N
M,FD2M&O:(])*,M<;@L+%!2G=+1+[%$4(+PK4R\%!Y`9PL4F<E




M6


BHI9`7'ML/%4O)3*EX2
M*.A]6:QS%?%;CL62J5+G@KOC.G$46^']$EM
CMT^EVS/W7:]RID]'!9/PYQ=

XV

M$%85G':*P6EK$;25/K/
V'X$P[($Y=MO3MBX3$]]6KP:RJ6Z[FO:LUO2816/


+(V^I@G')N
MTX;\]^BNSOUD[-3?B:/XA+%W&@[BPK)W5I5CDL5\L$@/5FP)/:Q3Q8
NG9GF
M

E[L
E+[S
]QI6F12:








MD7'\I

MZ&[%N-=8LG16]8G9C6/@[T



*Z$N`
$E




OAR=3OXK#T^#9ZN


M
.SD(I!B:0E#RZT=Y01ESWHQ!



F_VN

)?U-/1F
MXWCW<L5LJB653)CC'AX


SYQTVUE`#]M`_A&8=8B




N@M@.\7##V1&:J(4X70-E[/



ML=I[$&&W@QD]%;-=+6&6B$C7





86;`XJ*;






MZ0(_..P90SQ&_XYLG_D?D*TI78R(JR7



]W&^^$Y/-MX,#%M,K]MY=0\2W#'A9BQHV<(31S8/QP
M7,?L29[:*EPP#4Y:$_J[_=4VW0_:X!DT'M]L&/<)P9JB$?=<K3EPL'.6WW_


$ZO?/NI2[E\;:X+ZB9^
M`VZVYYX5BF;`D2R&/4/)9


$GF!M21_$'(P

MK9?[%)1'FFJC@3=+N\X+*;Z+?7U8(.?\6ZOM;Q^UC$T;4_R^L;A+B4Z^]AI5

]_YN/+9'[+0W
/7<
D

ICXFJOZGV
M'COFDW3Z&\^_G2#X^/C=F)L*?F&.!3\\F@ZK]/\CZO_/IZS_*\4Y9&\6.Z8T
MA06\`+'1$X$ITL




M+A\)!DJFI]A('BSF





51#(/(X&Y


H90%`7LG:1[R-_G7*MY&D
:&$N[^.WQTX<:K]&*




CRL$0$ZC6X
M46
4


M+8!5X*9XNWL:\.
#$;<NHYQ5MIA6

MUT]YU.6T.JW\A5
W):
E\R#1V%-$K01EX*@N%T5SAE;C*&(YJC-)B:`3.?1






MBM_IR1I(&L1^VB
ZA#(

I40L9Z:6&7
M924V=B;'7!E7BSR
VF1G5$(.9
%DJI==T_*G$?B




&623

M)!4O)\#7I*99\CF$F7`QGS]9F7SFF5H/40\GXMTIBR'&%FKIZI@P`3RCU`$&

MQE6^SG'OA7^?LO0K:(JH6E*5)LFJNAVVE()O


0AZ+L:4'8KGF^R
N'581AAC*(/(Y
W^


M^HK1Z^OU7B^EL`2[:SYKI9T:1:,\G\RO^[A^CGQ.Z;9`;92ZWC'^*6*;;6


P;`L[=G)F#?S.
M\[$U%V\2RJCNWI%;R!%IVO%S14$6]60%B=
4@64QJ\RRR!.K!=#4534'-[E


UT\--XO3J*8+RUD*#4#VXO\]7DS-66IE(HY`G$2




I'(O


`

$)L7*%J59?(JU!J!_7`Q3L4N9H
G8W+``#CH^N7WX[S//S8'OBYI7
MWG@




K*YF:9&
M3/!)0?$QNMFSF5BBSA%D+#(DRZM4DFM7\4



;'[D
-D4+7;]ZHH@SEW+PAY/


%BP6-:=Y%EI
-*XL0G3`!FO

MD[ZV/%1F


MB$
B



B$&O-#C#(=KK*



MYY+OES&F.SM
J95




QPV2?'$WK^\
MDA(55ZO1KR0R\V^Q\?F0B2`/Y'?X^]2T*8QD&OD@AO-P@E2WT`6]7]8EXB!+
MGI%N.KJHEZ_B`S&S^(/*SH6?9=AZQ2^6
H&W0IB`0+@68WQYY^#W*[1=4Q8$


$KN46Y\OH+LP#(Y^^T

,4
M.\SG!MT=5XS-&'%Q8K3D%3.0U<_(THHUSRZIC?N3BJ1UY@3N&E;X8CP`]

M/Z`V5J
MRCA)FR*$LN[
R(R2CI\C&9N2)SEBTFM(1$1/YJ^\BR23@=P$MMD!!V2+O`1Q





M=3ZG6997+%
R_YI?



`21S.\
MXDTT900@&?%45#Z5$AWFV!-[/M^660$OA1R/5%.QJ$RI6%#XBI]QFHWAT(91
MTM-P
TC4Q!9.7*NC4LLPHE'B(V%$U[+641[Q)E(%]S4(OJR6B`Z:D,/8R+@
ML6?/#S[H0CZZY;[/^%Z1G)12)9+]+%`RU.``ZP@PVW4@2*!\?B/^-9&K0Y'





MULIK+
\SMTP-=U&#C*



]P*?^43-,]*_Y!$16D_QW7@+V$0GONHOD4/W<0G^C9I

\XGA;4?(4549B'$HT)P4R#)02?WC[#A'P




M/*Z113](FE-3).,CG#FU@=\'ZCW%T\:SF*A5*S96S8V:EI.V)GR.((JB20

\5_

MIA:TYD@$
D3;&^P
\Q?Y^+O5E0V-I5F_





M'*
B88(QZQ=YM








XHJLLV8@[$U!:;MQE
N24GCIV5ZCD
K8'R/;L:A4H;.?6K/;*RR;
M33*GSW0+P8I1URZU9EOTY%B)F0V-$(7M?R%-2$98*






F#$_'XD

MD8L
2^TYZ-1:G59^$_.F9+1NMU&#,T.P'N(2_U@NB'(PO@/RL.OIH-26U%2
M;%R'

MN%3%V4$WR59M1'I2\

M67X


M$VU+P;YS7IOY]3X:^Z*AYW0I+

M
R3O+LC/Z#9[/^I=L]73NSF98J4AIS5DO==KZO5^]W@Z\C&4N2R]/+=BO1!(

\R8$EU)JKOL?H*3G66U9VJZ

WST-[YVK6`\@[



B$AM*O`A\IN4ME-#FHW
M.9C&?H-M

MO=YHZJLEG2/$HJ_6ES(JQ5`W^




MJZHE7^\9N6(X]\HU=UU-JZTW\UF@2J9-+K(Y(*%7YI0+S9U\=JY2DTQ3[[?[



M8X\5ZH_$_K@-+JLS6FF0;QAMO=



M('AUZ_LW?);YPOG
@N!']`-%D\BA%HJ6TDY\;_10-'5F:#U+![PP.GJ_#PI0




;BV'#4CK^94B:E;$_&!90'L\VSV
!B:(\`\%#`WAT#@@A
Y(

DS)])M56B[$)
M*;%P/!+
VHC9X8P&!QC
9R;JR93WPY$9=LJPJJ*L*HBK(HL(JP*@
@QTZZ

J=]'MF]2SG8S\P%.<`A&<T)MC.)42Y`(0`622\%)S[



MUCNY.WV55$.FIQY





6_L02
S1B71CRTA&;

M8%]O'P!I3'\+@6

4V-HTI&6]%24K





2IQJ$)T+0`L^U`(..NUENQ2LY687:\9\OW!







$BHM_=-56JK$
MQ](OKTI\/!DG0(FR#4NF!)9

MJ`
MOX)ZVN\/=SF`*-$UO(-/'!7%=^L7+^)`OW
3$`@QS3H(



M`V?TNWJOF]57I\3^MZ)\K\VNWLSICBBSAOB^U)@S7-*Q74;Q=2O=OE-LX.&Y





*0*?3BC




ORK32SE=2I;PX/!-F7CX;^98A


MWZG


MGWWVC!F+


WT6T01RK\?3VZ-[ED.5'\/K9JI64;25'N)16%'7QHP2M5_/
MV_)D^^'S




F2-W




WCM[#&O*Q.\GB.JVL3MPG$

MLY6;


S0!4]&7FM?F'^0-HRE*N
MJ`AHLL)KEHZ8+\SD7-&THB[V-NQ\^4K(C5.%ST%G;7S1$ZCUL@7W'
$_&S'
MPG-G;*[GW$V]W=E_LGTEYE=B?B7FGXF8;]2Z^;TV91'SFQE=!RLQOQ+S*S&_


MFBF:$


MLE/&<X6_(CG03LUG5GOS\OG<T(,WUR#F,33#*+@;B_<4[E,^=]W-2E==0O!


](
/&T!1
S1P+4^
MV4X$BF2AX1'_BH+0'L\*26B&NVL4.:1:RM((8*NP=(UBP.O


M12TX9Y;T248[Y(RS.USTY[+.WSG#%

RGS'EH$`
M7Z()@Y\\/V/I.UQ!N]S`^YSV[)9T^$8O%Y^](/@@K]$?WP.2SW!)1TJ6[LJ6

MC?-)/#P/#K@B?6`]

M
US22C)GYCK36RW4I-/=DF'YTL\\`SO;KJE*T7Y1)=TC+5
JI-$Z%LFAL3
M4\ITOYO6?
2M`D&NW^CJS4ZA_=R/O:16S]#;[?S-6DO%MS;6=K5+]([!A(%P





70.ZV.7N_E:V]X+G7]+_IM$(9V


M#1*#L

MJK!XZ!BHW;9;-/N)Q&LP


8(;1:4+P`*2WJ1R9800/W-
M0K@


&_LK

MEFJ






EU2:ND(+PA]%1A7&


7(L

?Q+/


$+[Q?TJ5F(V`/\!RKQPS
L1T9&&P^\@?O0`=W/LPV.YG8Y[<UDX9X^_)-RTV,?T_Q:I^]@X<C[;
MX\V@^MN]4?^'P

M8.3;O'7C1NO&VF;LZ\B)*(ID*L;73#D@N0TQHL3!A29?RSH^J!2\:/\PW6?'

*%!^1AL5V8&44T;1B%FNMA_MC$QCIJH:=AI303)K/B
'[XC*<
1K/L8.H%IJ


VD

?$#3(7;Y9OPY@7L!V.$E8=?


'(\GE%V8[GOO\+QL0
M+)#\Z









MF*0`(%:CIM'H=)OU]4`0

)J;
MW7:CU6C)Z(G4\+O



)LR[^;C!!C]WJ\R.<V\U]KU[0Z1$G?!Q[.L2@C

&?'OH







M&Y((YD+-BR)AN#^ZC9Z0.K+FV!V`=1=8N]/L;`+`KQYH+3*#H+#UMT`\[\CY


`=BLMMOJK!:
1#8ICUB4U])O*SX6^'D5W2M0:89FW_


61WSV63&R1+_3;7?[K=B&LQTD
MAUG*.BVR8]0;1:PDCG'

M9@P_41@



69[E@1K2[Z@YD@==WAI[


_H:L=QTXQ2SKQ=_0:7ZHA2%`A2SMQHO\
JT



EF


U#L5-A)L&*T*&YFLY+WBXN^1

MP?O3LE4O7)[X_Y?U_J4:FKM\S+\5-O






8VAX]5%M\8KO:3-Q;F2R_Z3JLG3U#A\VPL'




MEP



GSB1I^W+U
M'5&4;?ZRF:[M'V
IUXWH22T]ZC=)C[5(&A\`1:2)D'I-T;R!C'I-T^U.HW


&.6T'
Z$44[+
M_B:
RR_$FUD^H;%E\M/GA9EWW.[PX@&PM$+6Z&P?+IQ,U,#`GK@
);D`H8

MZ(K

+SDP/#.#PSO+]MX
MI3^T3[U&?'Y@'+[H$._EEY7%KK:LG%U1UZ#%:5*B7(1Z$\C.06];M8
`O6W:

MK5:N\TR\``O$W'ID3CR/F/2=?5*+1^OP1FVNX4^&*-GD6Q5):]1OTM%O]4^3


MFRT




;
%`\K;TZ


M!V$:8ZZH#RY#)X%:I+OBP?F[41K5SZR`FW-+/
O=+NE%'V*)\009Q\*!VD12


M2AVO.[(T++PA!_G@&;
@-&RL3257O-9:_F/R24K?;+T'J!V




5
M?5*7KDPPNZ.ISJ83)X+.G

K)]Y$@)?.?)\$
M/NX2LD%MV^Z+X50Z1E(Z0]:U*#7@[9?RTBFE1Y3#CY=?R'(5+:'RD&M=EV`+


5
M+F)R.
XE29JHBZE`NWKO'6(N7NP`S%


B

MSBT4./C;E/TTE4ZU)?CHT
R:A.:=[@PZZ(JFG4H=06?%&SZ18(')`\_0#@:(


M/%91WAU'4
43]EB1%;I+60-3S#GP8\


:QF('-!0+MT.)
MJ+G4U(T*[IJ2F]#M0!73FBCE)

*G$:;K.NZ

P#^VSV0Q7
MSWVNZX!*.NVQ6J\=X2P[9R:VP9EV#Z@?D?8:P(N4*NTH)`X.W=^(6FKK\VV[

*Y
MZZ-AP


M7ZO52H1E:JBRDU4[LM
#LCJ2S;69



`1OK?[X4Y

L.
'



M/5@8@6`%PL(PP78$Q%M:#GT%?DZ_]^*&



M\8A@V':B\^Y\+A@.TZRE


0

@M@



/B$

ML**56RGAUM*R05.2
;8Y4`T353








M;C-UN%JCZ:PG^Z7B\\[


?CIN+!ZTLII$:
M
W;_`/TT*@9!DX6?'):+#2^:R9#TXT3V3&CDRXRL6#F.N8N5X$#/?]B=8/:A
CQK2HONY
MV3^D16]-3$-:]XI&=*B=\WM(2VZ1\:FKVP=-IKZ:6J&M.@A.V]'3!S2HH_'

*


M+Q&GQWA

MPM
J[P8:XRP^9TSH(PFP%?8E7@_D(3*]2=\NO
C5QG6MVKR.N
N=Y0(83O%2
C


BEPP3@!

#-==[WLK'%4KTO\VH/7%T9C):@!6/
5MV







M]



M_PW-/U!+`P04``````W,)%

C`Q
C$R
M








M`U[Q_H%STGF!Z&GA
1^\QXPV3-&)7@DFAF/@Y)J2*]?S!)[WW[F7^#Z=C=\#KQB;5@JQ0J
MFQ\R

7N'9MK755I+K+'CR;Y@5#PPOT*XZMA;(2N


M]`SE8FP.7Z.Y_1EC^P4YCG3YJ$!N+%AJPJNM[NL$[1:!1^0@#\F^K9+&]7([


9

=C9:3%E&T

MO=B)R_4B.Q+72'U(2=M+)0$'B0WI7Q6E
$\]]GL`X'C.
PYO'/Q2)I4YOY\]

@F9KCW


M(2V^#U'!S8=VW'$HCYZ^JB+T+DQRQ4QPT([.P
O8S&[D6!N*7@ZJAG$R4P
)!1DPUQ6O!80M



HDJ





66P2HNRJI77ME!'^U<N2)#YLFC<Y/
M#=5GRAYL9*QE41EP&IR.L@5MG,E'9P2X;*]*O@.0<5W1M0[:!LBNOJI)3P7


%;-




MK@1A
MX)(='1QHFJ'=:KUE\CWY(#

M]UW['KM6X;I


N)()*T70UQL[R0K8MWZJZE



M3\I\UAZ@Q98HR$'A1/-NH

M3E4X';ILL;DBB


MDXO*L0@(:H\/I-DH\Q:M1B?-AH:E(&6!AJJ,3+TDY$68_L%.0XO=)2Z*J9E
MJ))NV@RO5#WUO-:39BG\G1?9XO0+[GO0RH2M@`85168N-K.L+UYJY*'+H-W





/
M=HYD43@[3(RRUENY^FSC$_PK0L#^GT^]J-ARH(L)+R?#\X\@AY]+SR+GP5

M.5Y!%\Y1L:%E*8[.2'*45NB-N@WLU^-#$:7H25YKPY'=V9MF]LYY&C-R[H9R






S`FQ^G1^BY^#M0

MZP]]R\*^Z]$W5A@GQ4]
2
EJ#RIEF`F6\V6D2!`V.F-5@

#$R
3(S

M``

M8[VC0_WX\X^_O:




M







M2/:)59V62D/9)U?UZ%8:RCZYJ=9!J3%@XYT@I1_'=*7TDH1JC+K;075O.T2I


M-$^


$




^8;KER?F

?VL!CP\IWG#W9S=;







M25`5P2'%)H+[CE_=L=^

X
M6SQ$?IBQ0
+*K(8W\9Q1EO^\HYPGK
8#NXUC4!*B$8RF@PJ;JI(*U[%R.[?1
M#LHGS2')ID
-FQPM_
QSPJ.&W\UMZ(/ZT2-&8#HJL

5ZW/X$7NO.
P3


#8V!WEXN+T&%^ZM$T8

M?GP%Q*K!X;;XC#J`ME\L4.H9\'8]1M?`3%B:`E+@F.\:($46VK&U]!S]S`


ML[3.2../;5'W:P`#%!QT?+71NC*//T)/LRBFO45!1`VA\8?H2=GU$%B/]:

$:'QIMFX\.7;D&^2['G.4H@59:IF*,4^I:7+
M)Z9*<9=/K,LG!B['3I=/K,LG!D%`T++O=/G$Q'VZ?&*FW0A=/K$NGUB73ZS+
M)W8V^<0*,J]K:BRE]-



MOD=TPS%XWL1)VI^P%)%Y9LB2^RCY4.Q7H)KY



M
4

7[:UBT557W:(][2@``CF/W
T7--M)^
MM$M6^1#1
EB?1E6PD`3E(9^03<5I(;Q3G=IH2_)JE


R

MI*:@
_*ZN*WVI2

#H



\:@_N0HJ83L+JPUCMN*
M;TT$5ST5M





4R15Q

0PX#P0

MVYX
.(UA`KL%'4







3KEQ.5'QE
HK].!0?

M0A!516Y1\=\2['6DFEKY`\5!W`9(F#2]Z6&&H]D=T[U13(2;ODYWMZ6/-`6C
M*MUJF&!



M0]EC`8U1G%?

*Q

$NWY6D







M5EJEW.4(Y0!#VX4`1-DT(XT3*)3W'DYGWW`4(5)8X7

MI2NN2W+ZX2R$S52Z8:Z-_B0O_*1Z9!SVL:




6)K
M9/G*N[6G^+L
!9P7!BR4-AFB)8HR]#F.@SQ7/=TQ6`3_5.B=$G9L46UV*0Z+



WF_E-J.U


MZ^$\;.(J.HG#LV/&'A#;%JXZ]A;79&\75Z1SYZB:GA4WC9.$%
FY_7?\AO/K
8VB+Q<=/!9K_?R!<!A'TW]26J;_
M*Z`+_'J%7G19Q)GBYM8NDS41W#RXD11
EHH3/MH]8X$9BTG[-$9^V9^4;AA


J0I'(1]'*:\Z*1D







E2
M*(WR&:\I

M4!66EFI4]A@^]'#XW5LI\KRZM=-4P&;8S@76AN-.*61I7M[L@KHH$COEZP
M13%8ZFZXR;`F$=-VY/4M]JVN'$3[_
\&)!B?N#[K1A47`^-UXO8I+F]NN;


M$\&-3'D

;27*
$;9#/F^H4H;3(4[^[$7!






U@X5O38VQPF(1-I?5\RL




0-^K&YR_CSR^9[:(2NSB'SM`%P=#5O:H0BT4BONY5

?:X.KEB=_`O

3W1S/K?]%K2YA6+:P
M(WC/NS(


D5
MYWTH-VN-L_*`:


M9FZB8+EVE]%/+U'(9?]10_!:`9=LB_F7UQ?\%ZKW8?I5Q'7R'35L1X*F*K+A



064#
9PX@)V[K3]YC*/I(UYN/'$LE?Y]3+Y4)@[4Z@_?


@39D=P+C'\N2T)^P
KRY


M#*(]RHP:&C`'O'W'N6


M60=8`M%AM9U-;24_@J_;@(`NQH#G67@?P#K#9.BO(PD
.)?KUZ\OX9DYO0

%8'-S/@


UN4N6


MD3SCJW)*B.%X?@I$,=LV64MZ,R6YVV['(\`[

M+=T^UL:
89P;KOZ!/#+Z'M?T+\N&;4UER(8@X1@;Z@.A5(AN+\T&;DT!RL8P



M#?





=-[2
S'V^




X

MU
08X&1HVTR==6H9@50.6HXO[!BMS(NB@G`XF=$8_?W)#4$!3N\]GT7-KYZ\


B?DU6TMN1LLB&(



9XA*5^'1&J?7H^

=Y!I3(EX;DR#NW)E1*0J@&P`C=W^/
MDD=0\3NU)I!*`'0B7Y


T]6\UR



M*.CEVKPKY+J&H.9=2V(HBAU[3
3F#@?4$$H\1;?U]2CZFBK5
)
.UQS1:%YU-/U\52;F+R_-9%*RHI(I*



^;?3R
M5&``XT@HTZ;ZX*#4&(QOIXK'U6*I!'$^\H#FRFDF&)-^'$.[61[HV-L_PKGQ
MG0J](#P7.5@
G/U
B

MD,!B]C-Q_[G/**V]H-=*XZ5$S_8_0UZO'.C9Z!V?L&7NS^IB6I+1HPUP`+

LNUX4:'&ZHH-;SU/M*5T-!$Z&QE.GO+;CK7*=\[KDMX(ETCI)E2TYKVRD
MO;[@:O?5N,#<MYK+
CURIZPVI_[VJG+D;
`JGR.:E#`K)WM_GWWKPRGJYMX



M]G4067RYQPVW*OWA&D64FS[VPN*7S!!RCUBE$'Z*LV;#CB];\=3?`$H3#__@



UAW''Z%;5-1Q;*7%
:+8
MSMJ84]4O`A[6V1F[M(Q=6L8S2

C3Q%/*^A0YBG87B7Z$

L.W;9T6%S/([S(@BW7?RE]$2Q2I
WS7VFTJ19
\W\=D
ML:A;Z:-WS/FCS/92:[?)%0VR_03Q3)MI8\^8XT[^:ZQVQR+!IF^#\GBZ[R
M14EC?QGM5J)+KY+):V(9$9QW5;D!_MI+4



;JG7+#J
9^!H;8XX/UP-BRE]WQ

"K=.$@(NBRBPCJ
M(H+.()HR-:H)`IHVZ9%D3]EFL&$)N1$2<O$EUJYCNC9XZ*`T5MJV\QJ(+$Y



M
*/ZCTR.]
R9TI^0Q



M\_Y^0Z?^E!JKF'


'A--5NV
`'`O7@2VN



=/Y:ANO3,PY@Z7,7.H5Z4

MYM`1Y_2O-[R1W*:8='3#$3'#L0^RT.%&WAM*.O=CYWZ$YGY
D/_C-%[258`+

[I/:(0O9!ASR@A
MJ[W&`LD:&-W._=S?F8&JXESBW/(JQ!(3UE$%@0G2;BID-:4@P,)^QO!A.

ME+W;N/$(64UBPA*6:T\_BA.53+3ZTX($XX5YYCN=;.@EG9P:G695QT:T1P

NO$I[$SN%2F
](2X6@





JPQVOBR+14A:X+;R/HW



M'RXL
3GT+GEW=X4#=X7KDG=WR;N[Y-U=\FXK!L;\
&3/X[QH)8U?K&@--/FW



MP\9NRWGJV;VJ:)?XVMU
?GJ)T!*+K&M[PKM5D&Q$]@FN;;VK^]

AGO!G/*9I7%DJOS:ZR0IZ1G:ZSL<AQP#.W;
M)XK%(XU'
8I7TP['U)U;)0O:6*6#8JZH%/@0=VR-:5P*`X[)O+0#
M;RV5#Q$E-





3(Q
C


R@7P2

7__6?_^?_

UZ(L'K[

H1)\A70?Q7A)R_#/O#_TQGY!./_

0F^#PY+5%U_])UI`NN]!^W??-:5[

MQ`U*0[)^Q./ZMJ(SU:?$8^-Q?5I3SBAKUI=3NR/K'H1Y!'Y^3[[?D@R_9CCR




M&3LOW5!MRE@#\/(5#K
J^J`(.OOZ71FU%+_^&YE\
@Q2/7J;VL
T`-H:``=
M0A&[1E,U0+_2)L8M?CY)35BQ?.A+DY6.NP7[?-CBR/ATOHU2%7



M:4Q:LT1PD8FL4*
U^I6UMV?@BVE@U.:'#*AG]P/68\&#D[4#OB$_*KGONK$-











-*8G9_5R1V**=


MLTMXZ%4I&R?E!C\%400[RD36(_;F/[

M'A-W%6PS[
/GUQ']S]4_\N#%\GB-%UG%UZ2',D`_^R%N:P6DXG@[Y(7\FN



MEIWA2LE




M:ZF46D=I+27]8FLKE7KLT]5+.NH=O5P03^[6GYQ)8D62%]+_J8!?+V$/Y#
MG!4KZ8D\FKT!FS3E`BA]QF0YY'L9?FNM++TV)%NUZ77Q..7AAB`]Q*D7_IC$

ZZ!?Q'CY.?ZZ%$_F4Z8R-/?DP0Q?T;A\6
M/!%EBBJNJ



)%\'Q'6'Z!R+0];F$G]=-SL'W&Q#90D*(PCIYP\J6]F6$V

M/OEH:+^:8YXF-QG`VV7'.]*1]6C?^3!`68(^8:UE,SH)H14_/ZGS5?(4K`



MZYG[S?RZ0;Y@


2VAEI=






O7I)X;JRJ)TI^


MW<Q0V?;V*S@^A/1=@7/F5C-L*N]A&S'0DIG

]@=&9G$NX
MQ.A83BGLNS*%K

#/$(UX_EMTH[
JZ[T9TY5_R

)^B5L2
M41A]34$D=/\)@K(E@J;H)D)%8WMO*(R0':HTGP41VO)E-_N&@M1@^L\GR*QE



MUFK=3=
)5SIY#9W\V772.Z@PJ9/9YSE5H=1_D5

M2HF?OHFV\1Z_CU

;O%`C`EZ`VR^

M@SNG#
*#2;I54FF#:6



P'3-C8+!SZ`VPVL:CD&6?!U@LEZ2*A*8V/E54$67
M4R+4HK*8!F)8'6/;B
3!P@S)!:E
MR,!:1I)$I<$D)4*+;A/$J%FB!R+TB#*P]3C62.4D64RK.ID!O0DBY,=AZ4I
MW&]B4::US?H9AG*DAO82N88P*

LD/I$5IS)!P5!AT(
MHT$UD1M`4E!%ZBYZ&4[NH$=D:'+4*S,+EI81J$F4@HBRRBI1%=%B$MYP`,J
MJ`CX*IC&Q5M@U)!1

`D%BMF



0?](

Z!$^




`
RXMA6`U1F@P1!Y7HA12












Q0-=J`5TN[M+



5\65B$]X%?S(

MS6@(RIS'C`9P;
X377E)%$1/:?FHI$*:D)#$H`^2B-TUF+)I_=RI`XDW&O(7
MNRB5&M73IC:M?LALNB8_8#
NY;


M0

#NM3




H=WPF_X.#I&5#ID4][3YBA
45Q


M6%=!H=D6#!#C`*$TXX$:3);:5%9*GYI-TQ*@$=
TWI%5]'X?1RC-XNUO55[^


[3D.?6+_4.)`J;R;&KU!-Z2J4-?\*CKJ;AJ4OT.
UH'5




@^3(8V&
M8KV8H&%T@T52K(-I+DUCJNF6=^O=!7AI6VHO*M(T4X.Y&NW5[&6\)ZY!EHG!




M



S+X.HZ\JKYXR

$&`:PB:Q+$:.Q<F=77HY%PY36(
MK4VB4P9B_K-Y2&$F





J388H&$[
UU]55XY18

M54N[M67'W=@VF[(K:6VNJ?H1F[')'3$_+_`?O5?-X*1%:#4ZZ:B@&)X45(B2
$X6%C.(;A`,/JYA_T;KT<T@-Y
MC]CN9E]?%=5-/FIB#5)W`*^@%),^64+ZJ5?0WK+FXX?AL-O+!X<(F(PDP



O

MO=P



VP52._G+W*
M+J-M94

05W7J8R`G#FW




M



MKTI-@^\*M3C36+/)&_84*^ZH9N]`P.E$]\3:W6
R%IT54MV`=$X\&4R.\#(2
\KN&]+&R]$;/


MV@4H%V7%7E2-4-F$



M_ZAY
S`I$CV!'I4
+




M[
LP@XIP'EQIOA[9?CS2@76B29T

X!_.@M*;78N(`JM7E`

M3JE6B2$Z



M(#5Z@610C?XUB^:KXDTB!^(L4_J8O3*B9FK]^R)*=F8?
[I7L-2Y.(`DU;M+
<YKKPD
MJ*G]`XG5P5GRF

=D$O
V

DQ&
;N*LB`[#AW'



XCN`?$Y:!U\Q4SQR/ZM?BO`P`UI8])C*F8
M6!=#O9E#B
_I?AV=Y5F`5GX52BDY#@SCHB=BU%-(`9JVJB8O&KZ1$/%()

/-\ZT7TD??A]VZ'KVIK7X-A7IY
@4I
MJ]==$M-WPE

MKJ`+QM;6OR82[55[O`ZB(
/O@Q?L
]&D&2)#M!8K/?(4&2R(N$*
[(S2N3BC
M6E;39B5(H6D.U8$4V:4#]





R*?_#.E8

#E[3X9%=T:?B@F3]6=)

HR7.Y!Q;!:9F\3*IE=_^Z@BLV9
M?*TO.!R(


SW&$=^KG(.H
3)V(Z*C4RV^K:%%)C$KJR@)M'Y/85-#8N8*V8;9.
M&'2MTD()0YU
%@&)C=*%*AD@9;4_%V//Q16Q4KI0.9=%:DD3YI&'S
MRR)*Y
MQRE.7E0V^M3H3



N_H$






MFM^5':&T#'SLC88&/_8**N.(2I8.`/)?I1LTMYIGZ`?^EG)


M




M@N9E*MFOC


'5N
M5D[#=)25WH^C?







MHK@
5`=O@))]0-CZ((STL*J,$93!^KBD5KEWZ8[H'D^XU;TIM,]4^*41G3

WW!S!A[8EGD(/YN4-!*9E/
M*A^5;=[Y[1/4T=-;SE24&^:$/-'#P6U%8KG)4+ODH5A@)WHXC!.3U&NMYF


X

HHU7K2:F2%[J-4

6]OQ+/VAJ688C0\)('%6&S8


RM?\




MDY'!F4M;Q;X1







0:PGG&2;&EI8`9)U(97@






MCF@YEI92K:=+:

/;-#;.V

ME?.MU7E92




3X


M[7G[O:J41@.1(24$LW^+;
%376LUA\3P/0BC]+0Q=!0T-HJHG8O]N/6NP7)RI:/3*
MDJ96XT7YV'=MESOPY@ST@[=]#@A.CNO(O_I''MUW:URJ@,FJY<^*YU5*WI
M[GK5WKI93]$#VIATN(5C*EK_L.69`X+M[M=L


MZ'JK+6!_;4+_[L2
Q^W
_NJCWY
&QSN(U


FNM=Z5T+'6J#MJ&F3._0IZ!:(4K7WHE9V;R084LO
MDQC1


MV38RBP\+`IC1X38\FRFJH-3C:EQ;5@8W/.F47-4JN
V`D^VS
_@9F?4
/4

D@G*/]B[][2*'RWDZ5'@-M@@$R6NQE^'[Q@
M_X884/04;$+
E:[
M:MDL


A-8PP1KOO2#\Y!T5#5+0VI1-




AM-_Y&81B_?1VP7$]:Y1?Y=?2&7

MT55-PGC;44T!^)0:VKP/WN6;
-C^@L.=E^#K//*UHJXI+(U5V)ZD=C^4YT.6
M

MC2_PWCH%92%W&5H$T3;
?9:CV@L\+.*1;\(MB''M=P)J+N+]/HX:Z!0!I]_0
M%'9X(O;&G+9IS3I6(.2*K$I(4A*V!Z8M$[\UK[D***%UMS`E
NTIL


ML4.
'ZH9(LH1



M+8J3
O4YSC





MF
5DPM+;'S%OX3?W%PSN

_7*5U$E)R9N:]0Q1PUN:.*_0IU*KJONB7=R7=L

]U=\'D!XZ0KZ=96F\V#\!B[Z3CX73#=


MHW$WY340_8_RPX4IW(R]%#)6657O


MFZB(2]6^7!7%2M(8BI4D++/_V4O)[W!4?`D(@!GYVM

M;0



Z.WNQSCV














V.4M)M%2?=1;MP-3+2ECI[U#65F^[B'J*E5;'

=BJIZ@%TRA56YDBA

M6X0BXVY?$!18]M0I.O`?2*09$



^D(-##3]0+J@#'G`L[S((0[?D1YV9_
M2.(76K,GI9G)$O#+Z0S?DB!GD65[2G4FQ1%AOS\\
#)






+Y8+2\WS5!
MB09N;*XL%&RHNU@8-B#M^6KD.)V]SZ.GM[#;CN+-J#DYG6<_
2M\J1';_+.
WDF*76(SH;428T<9H
M;0`=,/7*`V@@R60UC6V\QP_E$WSOX4NPG_$:R,MHB*F,UL^0=\OG`&M4=4<

6W5BIJQ




W#Y-14I4`
MVG._K=&II2^H/+-F








W&6-.Z

MW/E#'OD)$=K;!&&0!5CUY7


M1/`ZM@



MZZ0H+CNA!/L
3TM1$LMOL9\?N6?KE:AWM1[B7'=Q`?*N'W&%&MCKHJ*Z

'=$UZ`9;N*8_KL0X?=P-P1?
%B)8LF-J
BO.ZE]TN)6R


8F78B+JP&+0@

&$%AN#*-%4


M6C\EP38/R33BA23$?

*:_IHZ3RB([;?6#4UPE=0<^CB?R`2;\5/67J-V6X
MS8WZ+JZX?3N+GAR[)J

:/'


MT#1XX
)I;`D=PJ.*CO%8/F&9461;%B\_4A%:Q(1]M7*Z(=/
[6X7D#!CX#:`
MF
#4/IE
Y.YPEVUI3%2VMG_V

M.\69Q
[PB?


WCCXX.PV`TWV.
ME5




.^?!=;
MA=34?K::&EUC8E0L^P@UZ%!!:'^36V-X6MO=ZF

M^0&7(_6/!GJ[-?SRKI[AJ$OQ@
O6L=;P898#`RKH2^ZQE:W#JC)WL7REMV%7
MDLA





IU=$56XYYJS^(O12
M'_

HV!H1I_Q(46+ZU


#


=DH_Z)AE'^Q:90]004#


MGG3WPIJDMC?$VFHH[XJM4(/0J9TQN4)%VQ3%=3-TAEC2@G

=L



=7F=2J



M%YUE9#]D7I+-*_ZJ6@$N)/-5Y
\KL1T_IR;FXS-NQ&.?2J
F4N'D!?MH1YQ:

M`'`!;0_/-KEPG85OKER8M&QU!H24&T.#(*D;FL9)4T0A5*I&5M$B$[7ZFRN8

'6\83&(E7*QN(=D`]E<4M
M*GF@@DGG;

!ZOVJH:O3.O&+WV::





M3BZ[F-'#..!EX@





#M?H/47W51N[D:BN6:U+4.GR`FU;



M+^I0Y3UGAEG0RYQAYG?Q=#2O(U]KJ'D$AE'-%5F(;+@;Z][`2_J=AW%AIYLK



MD17ZLN5-1BA0=?M+''I9$



MQBFOH:B-VB++MKN0(4K%64C@-*6

B7B7&
OR[F/



U:

MXM?M

(<B\'EK+7ALF-.5P553HVG))0QP`JJD0D,&OD(K






-





PTP?L&1^A`W6ML8Y):P\F&&IFX-=+^GA4/=

+0]T2




[52)?*US0V7D6WHOKMXCI+'DMW36.3)T*+31O=DZ.EY@S#
^QF



4VXX^T6



T]!T3AMW@;^1DD14Y
M3K9!RGT;9`(SD[YDC*I+NHKR.PUO8<U-S-$W/<7L.H+1EMW#^5BS/IV@XNKU
M$24IO)'P85O*^=4%#![ZQE/47U10=\A9'N:^M^VC&%!%USQQ1B:)V.,VID
MJ766;Z6#O4N[9+;1JH2G)#34N]48WG8O1VB4A)$13GY!&W-?BZ3M?E]Y!5]
MA

MR0OFK2O

IV


5;78.\#'T@/NL9??MN15]9^$PVVV?JG\]B8WVAOG!JGISJOA?<-N?Z




M


HXMAL3%
M3J#9F%C^T5


M





MGM+#][LD)CSH9`1AY!UI#Y
3Y8AN=ZCFB7X%KKW7)4U-
Z?7C9NR&V.%;C3I




\5LAT5:)[3K*-GIAH]H+[M15'8:!7G7500PX@G_V^^LX


M

MM$J)F=[N[I(BEX-Z-XECF

5+(%/U$Q9D&2

3
!I^M&YD&-:_[#\,B=78=
M^;]X:UJ
]EW\+DZYS=$RD_P&81E5;
QA8E*S@A8HP9OB_ZVYDKQ+Y@RW4LV3UG]?Y#Y5(Z(01U
MGR*W
;X/OF=]$-$R*JQ`T2EWA$G_.:L#Z7K2.;W'A.)2'^/H+MD*$T[[;4R5


MH$FHSXB&K@^8#PH3`G45(:XB


MU_R`RS'2B



M*FU@=]CK6T2LOFNEC2
3CS1:HK28@C(Z#.CE!2-UM'_M4_\N``6\T2+&DP
<)V*_4D'93(V-G$F5T\):24+K&:2?%W9ZFIVE#
M#P<1IV4@Y@;ML@))_7]29/^_S_C$

MA;'(:UXBS&+2Q
^W[%IMADF@F'C)L7FVQ0[%O4[7Y2FV]XRM
AY;!]VJ8+0X

MH5S
PZH+9:#9A-J.8KECW!.@W+;L*547B$/8P_;#.HK@D7ENGK$H!%
C


[S50CI


MN`DD8/G!2^#CR$_M87D(*NW=$SE.C+Y44'Q]@8H`
S`W^V[!]*[@/%]0H?-4
M+_I;ZIA@=



3-:R&BD
MR?;*&8VS5W/8I`$VW^!BA4L<%I9C1`:!!W@RKPH[QB6XY65EH'*A;-%*9



M470V76



LQK
KL$W'H
MV@@J?;*)K6P;)&1Y5&160%T]7*S


%4?$^X_?YF?QGXZ68_.'_!U!+`P04``````W
M



M





M*S!^^GP=Q=^:R'W].TG.DGF/L'_*A8Y7?CW28!7OK1.





[F[KJR2`<HZW8YD\I^F=.A[IZT9C343<SU_=[
M^IP)U\;A[W



M-365D3K7CU^BS
?1%+UFN;)R6G=4




M04PJAAKLYX==C:O/].;$[]_5Q/28*1W&L&I-CWJ\WMU
2G73X';O9EIZ#)4



Z+6Y.LB&J



MQM&6Z[


MO!)
G;O$3D'SB\(9

M'_TO\A/ZKKVD4#BDYS7W?G.^H+I;QAP!B+XUSAR06=R3Q.Q&*_U]+[W0FR

L%?:8
M=))G+!\;FZ)X7Q=T]$8_.\$*-20;!OUR8@9MWLI3.BR'%=4FW@CF7:]+]

Y
M;\C[ZXG).Z:3-E$KB.?)^I[;;R1)4]M8&/)KVA\&]``KS5Q`MN++5MO9$E

MMJV]D1OO5

M0Z/R(5#VNSVD^H9F?M)J*%/#9+9U#+J/4RPQ2NMT'^S2NE(M)J;
G#*8I@?3




MSG]


@SBF\76*O.Y2M-:VB+5?0#=J+097C
@Q\KRF7
M=N--8KE544N'R]!J


M!ZJH?*3@@.5W@_:

?A-QS5Q9?H=(?V

MRGO5(;PS2WR+%/3Z.IB




.:EJJP?2CU?7YG`J
M5$?7E&),CZ1P1.^U]]Y9HT?C\$I\,A^!Z:O;$<=/9W9KI_WSAJUF1:KI:#Z


M]SX.;\B%O\29+W+VX?3PWCD4%\B'`*V.XKC?%KF8F+_^`R5N\E)[K:EOZ+VS
M+A/2$5_X

MFIYX.N^P%99

^



9S
JT'0%I(_Y4XI#

\IP
2@<WWG;9K6UQ!:JG]7V=W
.




MPLBT2BOH
IZJK-N?LKG@W#A.NZ(62^J26C\`;B]K'%;JVPI8HP]
/`]8BB
M:(=/Z$]2;0ALF1;RA7







M


MU@L1G)'-8J#L2W''9^#1S


`Z`]^+$&2^8HO5?!:;)[(:RD,R9':$H"DL?2GL.R-=UJYD)*B

6#NY%.ICM%:-VRL/F


XZ[0Y?*



+CT


EHJ!3J&9+Y=1`=Z/-FGW;L@L3A8E%Q22'ZJ-X+VWI+J
`I
U(/7%\IPA
MRI:



*(C]-\6Q5QK!OPM:9WO$:O^ZBV`L/K/(?

[18;G23+WR3I)#R7E?8(I




]5&K;.W:F\#XO08J221PH:DG
M*:4B!M2)9U%=1Y*%B)Q5QS:OV4=,VKRJ.`FX:D+.#:7'4PNKW:+F)/YRQ
DYF^V42BUWM(DZSM@Q_L1*C&\2@BIZ]34?&,;#
M3VWY]4)*SKXM1D9^I[9EI&<<[



M])1D.$.W^`6%)62-


E
SF_]D=I216?'0:3R@!UMQILM3J`U-C-7;`#Z6UBD`

F

E6L8ISE1?

MC7JICM5`OY40MU6QC\]XN2PK:?WIDS!:(U87%+4!O%&OM;+J1-B*C=O*V5V4
M2S4.I@P(*]+KL)3V^`4QG6
J?2XW&
T;]5IGVY`B6^FR3(%[3Q&P:9#P:K&



M+@S2/MY9+Y6C2KBW/(92BG)XO
ZJLLF3IW`4J'3SSGJI[%2%OF6VV^K.._2M



M=8

6NJ&4-!!3E*Q.W!2N7H-GNE9@AXH](J'BJZ8-1FUGR%1


M)_8?=K5]\2.DFM1&?S3P3/0:18J;P7




?A-QQ%10Z!_0EI*:NU

M:`(7VE';[-81BV3^.L\8^8ZIHKVGF/@

M%0(4L
FF4'%%UUHS\LX=F*SWZ*5KG:[O#!TLJ4)&!1LT%YS;J^0V)O/JB?+]
M'C2!7%(&NU%(1G`D0-#&Y3M3[WRNGB?8!+@I1_1A5W$&GZFR=IS?
6@T-'






&R
M;(77/G-DQ82@A7;3K,TFT6BC
62KH!9RT\HGG-%4B.P/$EMA'7B\A/4W;1
M8ZY-BAOG81_7

R!*ME8#1RD


3OUBPYENYA;(3]$E
M*O][0\IT=RR[A]@GE-O-&UFB-%-BNQC'ALF_.LWD1S]Z0-Z021'+*TNJQ1-
MCZ^`




;
MPAE*X)P%VCEX6:):U'?P^LT.MUF]2P:S726L]CR;:`'J(LY)EJSN_$7=95VQ

9$@
WP*;+ZTO?H*96&X


-D+HTXVF\('



MJX`R37R21@4S1@)V*HY@2W+*/=[5\UD=D9W)^\=T.'^.[BC23S')GM
K=K]]
M6#Q]3L

L=TFR\K4)ZO
M/OG_B)
B^;ODM-(8Q987G^0\TT/47R'8064!95(UJ^9(P$]$329K2PH'LF5!

S*3PB5VCH6MAK/PJ3_
MQSQNC=!8'1##0EJ2L60'M`<IRRG2GCA+W'&YLP1@4:C65@


MMS&9%R_W4C




J`\P61
#Z&D1S@V-3O

;X.K0R^84*B:F/XU)AJG8AI



MD.
P(M*85-4


ME-_;@YQOJ6P^&)`6QY``M'ZE[ZCPO0E3D29C
OL8QV'Z&$=UX9$&1@72Z]@B

.0^;R=?HH<!+$\1P7E
B
M7Y04H*M@2P+1=B+O#*0UZG3;4$)MS


IOZK^.L3#K&%!/3^`&QI'(LL2#MD*V4





M//&CY(:\T-'B!*

'WR54.#KY/@^_3


M/H1QDO3&[ZL+5!TVB\HXC+OJ*$#CRONQ*'MJZ(5AL-'^G#'=,:(ZQ!QU-^
M3
P[`-I*47V?$,9+A3LE!5\5
M:=]!CZFX4%0H.6@P!PVF$QP<-)B#!G/08-KN?.<D@:3.3./W2R62?Q2($R+
MR&

MJT'
T
I9SOY^C5]16.H3Z3W0QPE'#/B-75GBF??7GO:6ONDV6].%V]KJO.
M7


6_WD25ZJ#:WN36.#9




M!S`#G0UFH
$

@EZ.F(3$'K)4ZE6=@/V$`D

4NP

MV7

PA

R91X'MSX)/Z?H`<^?96%J-4V!]3T-J%]SWZW'

8$

!ZRJ:


M


M
K+$2*!O
@)






M#&RO-S[)_60U8OO:NP;


@X5AL#`
%H;!PM`/\.QSD',9%Y[IRP&`A#&+`,=7=E_,F4

T5X5;)5
M-2GRD6PT#:AIR]2P]2)LA,&](6F6Y(Q2G_PL3WVNA0+`K^3-[(D6D^%YV(8
MT*]L

*([R:Q]O.-
/!;VF;IG9UUS1QX*
MG*GWBWU2M\[Z#L!/!AYKU!AIJT_GYB016W_W6P'?^_FDK;DW'

M)TMTGM&S^#[!)





MP;6BEMXI=ZYND]G6_TWD\-EF.(?
5@WA&0NIA7M0ZB/GN(RV&]`ABU=C@'W0

EV3RXMXQF5
M:K

8R_D)$04AUY$#Q$(.F?-4
M6_/X'S3E@Z9\T)1;KRG_B@E!22&^-^0%I5EQ8[O%TQG+M:9*W1U17NN!L4R

M@[HD$/).]FE6CQBF!`(Z*(G#L(N89`E^RLO\D1?^$F=^=+ZZR=)/_C]B%G=3
WIQ9D(M.C4Y72S4
M:W(W7!&&?E@_3AU@:E\Q)[S]5#UQ*;1^SI(BNSFE4%J;;N`3*EYQ;]<(;I
M<^%^,]UB6QN3\*O/\C]G^N&F_`N$]%LZX3V&(.90K(:FE#T^[!77$1^2N_E


MC/(%:?!EORVP-:`I7XY`=*A@:
TIMK5&UF2Z:`9$X_!&'LV0N31TKRG0UFML'
M]KV8V;9P'@-$_`3'$A-;;7M'S&N\N3O.P368SR1=H@#/
`JEAC5N'UMRMQYR
MB

WM8B6



R$EEC0#-EI^V:W$:LE/6WQNYJO01`-HRU6YM4&.6

C2T\LYFMO


N?W7L84MLJ98V$\]H95&MS=@K$R9\[5





).`0%G8B[













1*G!#RD3

M:TO7#A]9FC.Q
1%Z9T^P!K3I
`LFD
O0]L6*(


^O&$E



MZ1PF?S.VM\-K


).[[;M74LL
06




2GN5L]Q1!&FESC*
MV1-*?LPW'M

;RM+&P+T0H(*
L-8-P:W9Y+ATX_6F_*!=IQEB7X*<\VVS6A)$DIMLGL
M?H.LV+T%HM5R9&@+8-?9H`\_=C*U`CA1]':7#HFX5<_*7*_MI:^VE&A[8IV



M&Q4:7-/;()Z3O1:7F'9DW
`

MNB_::)RF*$M9];22TU$4?_.)


2%0
M8ZHQP+Y8\39LSB[?VT'8$6&<;:O




M@#M'865NLJ=9/3$+2K[MZ%_/I


Q`A

2B(3YC'FDPE;&_

Z3:XG`TN9U9P


H4_4)EN[@?WY#Q;%;83U'ZF#^E.
3T+8M8ZJ4X*'Y+

#@\%$#HKMWQ2S^&$WC^8XYL68T7=

J(K!ZN2%




MQ099NMX+W1
Z^ZI+-K2.R=`'*^L6^GH-G].KU0PKU5'8[^&2:4X`H0]F5:;(
M2-`S1;;-&D




3(Q
C



M
P7;AF


M;M_=W%Y?*Z



ET*&+GYN:FS4LC4ALOD(?-
MW,IOVM2Q<#LDB[A\M[5`:+WCFB-WQCG`@YWZZ+3V@%^:SB^[=%M$AD7&^<+





MAN

W\IO


MG6KWRIW:5P==39E\UK3IY$^8&8XC!/;56V*/0#]*
$_2BA5P55T!RO\F*OR_


M/M*3S\1@7F;&
?@-K;$VF8[U+G@5C4)Q2I&)Q]C`Y!G-+.P.L!=`*2H0XWF5

4#MTY7_$'8AC?I6'4!T]@-8?C



OXJ
O0#'S5`CD928
ZP\'GU(CLE%H

)6^EJ6CC;

)TL







1CFWT)7WK]&
QKH6[@
U$M'`S*HYQ







ZL



(C5DPEHJQ^V::0)JX'X96T=Y2SW
M_)B)TFHKJ6DFK@;HR2S$^GQBE67N_HJ:Z0)C)]:2ZYL`J$T'_(+!RESK
U
MTFX)X.OD`IOC7GW(Q-!B9)MF;`0(7N9BFV/C/V3BYAQL&[:2+T`PN?J67R[&






/[I0Y4VQB


MJ'-DN4)9`Z?2BXIFR&(N)F`9\1[#0`@P%X[+K(XM6X;EF^.H1W^'2=%1./
Z*B=+C+U@

M^
YRC&\QQ%ZEMH01\:+G!^+VK_!T!.:^#I

@5JX+LY*V(PN^-8

X#%(S`\=![D,%7`ZK)I<:FQVAO
PZ#]Z+6)OHU=#-@KM_#O@&20?;U+


MD0R/W423#7:S1?*$MU/

M+C:_$&^9^&)Y

5CF3[/*ZX8=YM]6ES6615E8^
M5




9^E:X66[45
MO'^U^?B%;`CO
3%\BP4S]_@96P[?]0IGCB*;4H-=(D/S&1

M`1-G.\



P

)`)98;

MVI3+

8+XK*T1K.+UL2+[EP)0#BP`GD@$'9]Y





M


1&T3.VXH(*RN07










`.5Z



_

VZ/0HF*)



J@AY?2TEI@RFKCEDI`[H-.A.7.0KKD-1SG0A




E?K?CC7#T/(P6+/IVV(ZQPSQP#G0F

4``````W,)%E_P3^
P8`0`=%0T`$0`8```````!````I($`````

#$R
3(S



C`Q
C$R


3(Q
C

M2P$'@,4``````W
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 94%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedOtherDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table align=center style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<td style=text-align:

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table align=center style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom:

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 80%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p
 style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: center; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_OtherReceivablesAndPrepaidExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_OtherReceivablesAndPrepaidExpensesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_OfficeEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_MotorVehiclesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_FixedAssetsImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_PrppertyPlantAndEquipmentExcludingConstructionInProgress'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align:
 justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<td style=text-align: left;

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResultsOfOperationsIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResultsOfOperationsIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResultsOfOperationsIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRollingYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRollingYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRollingYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRollingYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRollingYearSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRollingAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_FixedAssetPledgedAsCollateralForLoanArrangement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_FixedAssetPledgedAsCollateralForLoanArrangement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_FundTransferByParentToCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_MinimumPercentageOfStatutoryReserveOnAfterTaxNetEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_MaximumPercentageOfStatutoryReserveOnRegisteredCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_SurplusReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_CommonWelfareFund'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_CumulativeEffectAdjustmentGrossLossesAdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectAdjustmentGrossLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_WarrantsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_PercentageOfStatutoryPublicWelfareFundOnAfterTaxNetEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_PercentageOfStatutoryPublicWelfareFundOnAfterTaxNetEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_VariableInterestEntityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_VariableInterestEntityDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_ScheduleOfLoansFromRelatedPartiesTableTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_ScheduleOfFuturePrincipalPaymentsUnderBankLoansFromRelatedPartiesTableTextBlock'
<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 75%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_WithholdingIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ysyb_CreditRiskAndCustomersAndSuppliersConcentrationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalFinancialInformationDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<td style=text-align:

<p style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 85%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<td style=border-bottom:

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToEmployeesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 94%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 95%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 50%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

