

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-13-015574
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130318
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130318
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZHONGPIN INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001277092
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEAT PACKING PLANTS [2011]
		IRS NUMBER:				542100419
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0216
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33593
		FILM NUMBER:		13695933
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21 CHANGSHE ROAD
		STREET 2:		CHANGGE CITY
		CITY:			HENAN PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			461500
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 10-84554188
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 902
 BUILDING F
 PHOENIX PLACE
		STREET 2:		A5 SHUGUANGXILI
 CHAOYANG DISTRICT
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100028
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STRONG TECHNICAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040121









     




UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
 DC 20549

FORM
10-K


ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For the year ended
December 31
 2012




For the transition
period from 

Commission File No.
001-33593

Zhongpin
Inc.
(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in Its Charter)



    
    
    

    
    
    




21 Changshe Road
 Changge City
 Henan province
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



(Registrant&rsquo;s
Telephone Number
 Including Area Code)&#9;





registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:



    
    

Common Stock
 $.001 par value
    



under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 





a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;



not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act.



(1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12&nbsp;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes 


filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation&nbsp;S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any
amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K&#9;&nbsp;


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule&nbsp;12b-2
of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;(Check One):

&nbsp;&#9;Accelerated
&#9;(Do
not check if a smaller reporting company) &#9; Smaller reporting company&#9;


is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).



 2013
 there were 37
209
344 shares
of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock outstanding.


voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing sale price of the registrant&rsquo;s
common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market was approximately $269.3 million as of June 30
 2012 (the last business
day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter). Shares of common stock held by each executive officer
and director of the registrant and each person who beneficially owns 10% or more of the registrant&rsquo;s outstanding common stock
has been excluded from the calculation. This determination of affiliated status may not be conclusive for other purposes.


    
    






    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
    Related
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    




    
    





contained in this Report that are not historical facts are &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to our financial condition
 results of operations and business
 which can
be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology
 such as &ldquo;estimates
&rdquo; &ldquo;projects
&rdquo; &ldquo;plans
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo; or the negative thereof or other
variations thereon
 or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. Management wishes to caution the reader
of the forward-looking statements that such statements
 which are contained in this Report
 reflect our current beliefs with respect
to future events and involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors
 including
 but not limited to
 economic
competitive
 regulatory
 technological
 key employee
 and general business factors affecting our operations
 markets
 growth
 services
products
 licenses and other factors discussed in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and that these
statements are only estimates or predictions. No assurances can be given regarding the achievement of future results
 as actual
results may differ materially as a result of risks facing us
 and actual events may differ from the assumptions underlying the
statements that have been made regarding anticipated events.


statements are subject to numerous assumptions
 risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to be materially different
from any future results expressed or implied by us in those statements. Some of these risks are described in &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;
in Item&nbsp;1A of this Report.


should be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on
our behalf may issue. All written and oral forward looking statements made in connection with this Report that are attributable
to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Given these uncertainties
we caution investors not to unduly rely on our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to review or confirm
analysts&rsquo; expectations or estimates or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events
or circumstances after the date of this document or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Further
 the information
about our intentions contained in this document is a statement of our intention as of the date of this document and is based upon
among other things
 the existing regulatory environment
 industry conditions
 market conditions and prices
 the economy in general
and our assumptions as of such date. We may change our intentions
 at any time and without notice
 based upon any changes in such
factors
 in our assumptions or otherwise.




on Form 10-K
 we will refer to Zhongpin Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 as &ldquo;our company
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo;
and &ldquo;our.&rdquo;


otherwise noted
 all translations from Renminbi to U.S. dollars were made at the middle rate published by the People&rsquo;s Bank
of China
 or the middle rate
 as of December 31
 2012
 which was RMB6.2855 to $1.00. We make no representation that the Renminbi
amounts referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars at any particular
rate or at all. On March 11
 2013
 the middle rate was RMB6.2769 to $1.00.



    
    







in the meat and food processing and distribution business in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 (the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo; or &ldquo;China&rdquo;).
We are developing what we believe is a nationally recognized brand of high-quality
 fresh-tasting
 healthy and nutritious meat
and food products targeting China&rsquo;s middle class. As of December 31
 2012
 our product line included over 410 unique meat
products
 including chilled pork
 frozen pork and prepared meats


 162 processing factories and other
purchasers
 and on a retail basis through an exclusive network of showcase stores
 branded stores and supermarket counters. We
currently have 15 processing plants in China
 located in Henan
 Jiangsu and Jilin provinces and in the municipality of Tianjin.
Our total production capacity for chilled pork and frozen pork is approximately 1
899.3 metric tons per eight-hour day
 or approximately
683
760 metric tons on an annual basis. In addition
 we have production capacity for prepared meats of approximately 488.9 metric
tons per eight-hour day
 or approximately 176
000 metric tons on an annual basis
 and for vegetables and fruits of approximately
83.3 metric tons per eight-hour day
 or approximately 30
000 metric tons on an annual basis. We have annual production capacity
for food oil (pork oil) of approximately 20
000 metric tons. We also have annual production capacity for 100 million meters of
sausage casings and 300 billion units of raw material to make heparin sodium. We use state-of-the-art equipment in all of our processing
facilities and sell all of our products under our &ldquo;Zhongpin&rdquo; brand name.


 2012
 our wholesale customers
included 156 international and domestic fast food companies in China
 162 processing factories and 1
389 school cafeterias
 factory
canteens
 hotels
 army bases
 hospitals and government departments. As of such date
 we also sold directly to 3
490 retail outlets
including supermarkets
 within China.

We have an
advanced logistics system that integrates transportation
 warehouse management
 and inventory control systems as well as marketing
and manufacturing. As of December 31
 2012


000 cubic meters. To differentiate our company
from other food processing companies
 we believe that we have also successfully implemented a unique retail strategy that emphasizes
the establishment of a network of showcase stores
 branded stores and supermarket counters that are exclusive retailers of our
product lines. As of December 31
 2012
 we had a total of 158 showcase stores
 1
476 branded stores and 1
856 &ldquo;Zhongpin&rdquo;
supermarket counter locations.


 we have established
distribution networks in 20 provinces and in the four central government-administered municipalities of Beijing
 Shanghai
 Tianjin
and Chongqing in the North
 East
 South and Mid-South regions of China
 and have also formed strategic business alliances with
leading supermarket chains within China. We also export our products to Europe
 Hong Kong as well as other selected countries and
regions in Asia.


strengths enable us to compete effectively in China&rsquo;s meat products market:











We maintain strong production capabilities backed by sophisticated research and development and an advanced quality assurance
system; and






    
    





and conduct substantially all of our production
 marketing
 finance
 research and development
 and administrative activities through
our indirect subsidiaries located in China. We were incorporated in the State of Delaware under the name &quot;Strong Technical
Inc.&quot; on February 4
 2003. Prior to March 30
 2005
 we had been engaged in the business of supplying skilled workers and engineering
professionals (engineers
 designers and draftspersons) to businesses on a temporary basis. From March 30
 2005 to January 30
 2006
we did not generate any significant revenue and we accumulated no significant assets as we explored business opportunities as a
publicly held &quot;shell&quot; corporation. We entered into our current line of business in January 2006 by acquiring Falcon Link
Investment Limited
 a holding company formed in the British Virgin Islands (&quot;Falcon Link&quot;)
 and its operating subsidiaries
located in China
 including Henan Zhongpin Food Share Co.
 Ltd. (&quot;Henan Zhongpin&quot;).


 Changge Meat
Factory
 a predecessor to Henan Zhongpin
 was established in China as a state-owned meat processing factory from a spin-off of
a larger state-owned enterprise. In 1997
 six individuals purchased the ownership of Changge Meat Factory in connection with a
privatization program encouraged by the Chinese government and established Changge Zhongpin Food Industry Co.
 Ltd. as a privately
held entity. In 2000
 Changge Zhongpin Food Industry Co.
 Ltd. changed its corporate name to &quot;Henan Zhongpin Food Share Co.
Ltd.&quot;


from investors outside of China
 the six individual shareholders of Henan Zhongpin established Henan Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd. (&quot;HZFC&quot;)
in May 2005 to hold their equity interest in Henan Zhongpin
 and in July 2005
 formed Falcon Link to hold their equity interest
in HZFC. As Falcon Link is a company registered overseas
 as a result of its acquisition of HZFC
 HZFC became a wholly owned foreign
enterprise under the laws of China.

On
January 30
 2006
 we acquired all of the outstanding shares of Falcon Link in exchange for the issuance by us of an aggregate of
11
250
005 restricted shares of our common stock to the shareholders of Falcon Link. In connection with such share exchange
 all
of our officers and directors at that time resigned as officers and directors of our company
 and new directors and executive officers
were appointed. As a result of our share exchange with Falcon Link
 which is commonly referred to as a &quot;reverse acquisition
&quot;
Falcon Link became our wholly owned subsidiary and we changed our corporate name to Zhongpin Inc.


 2012
we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Golden Bridge Holdings Limited
 a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited
liability (&ldquo;Parent&rdquo;)
 Golden Bridge Merger Sub Limited
 a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent
(&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;) and Mr. Xianfu Zhu
 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 which was subsequently amended and restated
on February 8
 2013
 providing for the merger of Merger Sub with and into our company (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;)
 with our company
surviving the Merger as the surviving company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. For more information about the Merger
 see
&quot;Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters - Changes in Control.&rdquo;


is shown below.


    
    





    
    






Under the laws of China applicable at that time
 Henan Zhongpin was required to have at least five individual shareholders
to use the word &ldquo;share&rdquo; in its corporate name. In connection with the transfer of a majority of their shares of Henan
Zhongpin to HZFC in May 2005
 each of the six individual shareholders of Henan Zhongpin (Xianfu Zhu (currently 0.85% interest in
Henan Zhongpin)
 Baoke Ben (currently 0.09% interest in Henan Zhongpin)
 Shuichi Si (currently 0.06% interest in Henan Zhongpin)
Qinghe Wang (currently 0.07% interest in Henan Zhongpin)
 Chaoyang Liu (currently 0.07% interest in Henan Zhongpin) and Juanjuan
Wang (currently 0.05% interest in Henan Zhongpin)) entered into an agreement with HZFC
 the controlling shareholder of Henan Zhongpin
pursuant to which such individual shareholders irrevocably assigned to HZFC the right to vote and all of the economic benefits
to which he is or may be entitled as a shareholder of Henan Zhongpin. As a result of such agreements
 HZFC
 which is a wholly owned
indirect subsidiary of our company
 is entitled to 100% of any cash dividends declared and paid by Henan Zhongpin and to vote all
outstanding shares of capital stock of Henan Zhongpin in any action by the shareholders of Henan Zhongpin.

Industry Overview


The Meat Industry in
China. 
 in
2010
 the market for pork in China was the largest in the world
 accounting for approximately 49% of global production and consumption.
In value terms
 China's overall meat industry is the second largest sector in the country's entire retail food market. Historically
the vast majority of meat sales in China have taken place in free wet markets
 most of which are found in open-air markets or on
streets. These markets provide a venue through which customers can buy live poultry or freshly slaughtered meat produce directly
from local farmers. However
 with the increase of living and hygiene standards
 PRC governmental agencies have encouraged the replacement
of open air markets with supermarkets and convenience stores and
 consequently
 the market share of open air markets has declined.
In 2010
 the China Meat Association
 or CMA
 put forth the China Meat Industry Development Strategy Report for 2011-2015
 which
targets a decrease in sales of room temperature pork to below 50% of total pork sales in cities at or above the county level by
2015. We believe this trend will favorably affect our chilled and frozen pork wholesale business and will result in additional
customers for the network of showcase stores
 branded stores and supermarket counters that retail our products on an exclusive
basis.


is characterized by fragmentation
 sanitation and hygiene issues
 as well as social demographic trends. The meat industry is highly
fragmented
 and supply is extremely localized with limited distribution capability. China's large size and under-developed transport
infrastructure have made it difficult to create national or even regional level brands in the industry.


restrictions on the ability of foreign entities to enter the meat and food processing business in China
 which has been designated
as an encouraged industry for foreign investment.

The Retail
retail market for fresh and processed meat and meat products in China
has grown substantially in value during the past several years
 primarily due to the following key factors: 


Increased consumer spending power
 which has led to heightened consumer aspirations and the ability of consumers to make more
frequent purchases of fresh and processed meat and meat products
 as well as purchases of more expensive products;


Development of more integrated distribution systems and infrastructure throughout China
 which has led to better distribution
around the country from manufacturer to retailer;



    
    



Rationalization and consolidation of the domestic industry
 which has improved industry productivity and profitability
 and
raised the level of market supply; and


Increased market penetration of more organized retail outlets with chilled and frozen product display cabinets which
 in turn
has created larger overall outlets for fresh and processed meat and meat products.


not only to increased consumer demand
 but also to improvements in the ability of meat processors and distributors to get their
products to consumers in fresher condition. Meat processors also have helped to increase demand by increasing the variety of products
they are able to supply.


in China's cities have become busier
 people are finding that they have less time to prepare meals at home from fresh products
alone. We believe that this has created a market for more convenient foods
 such as partly cooked meats
 processed meats and ready-to-eat
meals containing meat.


sales of frozen and chilled meat products have been growing fast over the past several years. Improvements in the retail infrastructure
helped to spur growth in these sectors
 but the proliferation of better-equipped stores containing chiller and freezer cabinets
is only part of the equation. Just as important is the success of major players in developing &mdash; and generating widespread
consumer interest in &mdash; new products at a time when local consumers have been looking to spend their increased incomes on
more meat products. Furthermore
 the spread of more organized retailers into rural areas
 particularly through the rural retail
chain store program is encouraging the use of chiller and freezer cabinets in the countryside at a time when the rural appliance
rebate scheme is driving strong growth in rural sales of household appliances
 especially refrigerators. This is creating new
markets for chilled and frozen food in rural areas
 as well as new potential growth for sales of frozen and chilled meats.


that total sales value in the meat sector will follow similar trends to those seen in recent years
 though probably at more consistent
rates. Overall growth rates are expected to see continued slowing as the market matures
 but we expect chilled and frozen meats
and prepared meat products to still experience rapid growth as a result of increased demand and continuing market penetration
due to the spread of modern retail outlet chains such as hypermarkets
 supermarkets and convenience stores.

Business Strategy



business strategy is to establish our company as the leading provider of meats and fresh foods in China.&nbsp; Our goal is to increase
 presence and to provide our customers with the highest quality
 freshest
healthiest
 and food products.&nbsp; The key elements
of our growth strategy include the following:

Increase
&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe we can best achieve sustainable growth through a recognizable brand
name.&nbsp; We are focused on building a leading
 nationally known brand name in China&rsquo;s food processing industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;To
that end
 we intend to continue to invest heavily in building our &ldquo;Zhongpin&rdquo; brand as a symbol of health
 nutrition
freshness and quality.&nbsp; We plan to build our brand by implementing a comprehensive brand awareness program that will focus
on advertising and promotion
 pricing strategies
 distribution channels and packaging design and functionality.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
in order to differentiate the quality of our products from those of our competitors and to help foster strong brand recognition
with consumers
 we have established and implemented a network of specialty grocery stores
 branded stores and exclusive supermarket
counters to showcase our meat
 vegetable and fruit products.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 we had 158 showcase stores
 1
476
branded stores and 1
856 &ldquo;Zhongpin&rdquo; supermarket counters. We believe our retail stores will create additional brand
awareness that will benefit our wholesale customers and showcase all of our products in a manner that will provide consumers with
an enhanced appreciation of the scope of our offerings. 



    
    


Expand
&nbsp;&nbsp;We regard our logistics capabilities
as a key to our growth strategy and believe our comprehensive plan for logistics management
 which includes the integration and
coordination of our transportation and warehouses
 warehouse management
 inventory and transportation control systems
 together
with the integration of our marketing and manufacturing efforts
 will enable us to accelerate our growth by expanding our operations
across China.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 we operated sales offices in 139 cities in China and had warehouses in 90 of
those cities
 including Shanghai
 Beijing
 Guangzhou
 Zhengzhou
 Wuhan and Xi&rsquo;an.&nbsp;&nbsp; We plan to expand our network
of sales offices and warehouses into up to seven additional cities in China by the end of 2013 and are targeting cities with more
than one million and less than three million residents
 annual per capita income exceeding RMB10
000 ($1
587)
 sufficient infrastructure
including transportation and telecommunications
 and a favorable commercial environment. 

Increase
. We plan to establish production facilities in
 or near
 major cities in primary markets of East
Northeast and North China that will increase our overall production capacity. We plan to develop capacity for chilled and frozen
pork and prepared pork products as well as cold chain logistics facilities
 in all of these targeted markets. We anticipate that
we will mainly expand our capacity through building standardized facilities
 but may also explore acquisitions and leasing to further
expand our capacity.

Expand
&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 our product lines included over 410 types of
pork products and over 25 different categories of vegetables and fresh fruits. In 2000
 we established a research and development
center to help us develop new processing technologies and food products. We also engage unaffiliated scientists and experts as
our outside technical consultants in the development of new processes and products. Furthermore
 our strategic planning and marketing
departments conduct market studies that seek to identify developing trends in the meat and fresh foods industries and evaluate
the ever-changing consumption patterns of consumers in China. Leveraging the information from these market studies
 we intend to
strengthen our market position and accelerate our growth by introducing new lines of low temperature meat products
 with a view
to maintaining customer interest and creating new demand. We also believe the introduction of new products will broaden our product
range and make it more difficult for new competitors to enter the market or to attain significant market share. As of December
31
 2012
 we had over 90 new products under development.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Maintain
&nbsp;&nbsp;We have pursued an integrated approach in designing our operations and
have formulated a strategy to address important issues in the meat and fresh foods industry in China
 such as hygiene
 sanitation
and distribution capability
 that have historically hindered the development of national brands in the industry. We have purchased
state-of-the-art equipment and installed production lines with the most advanced technology in our processing plants. We believe
our logistics management capabilities also provide us a competitive advantage by allowing us to implement significant modifications
in our logistics systems on a quick response basis. With feedback from our marketing and sales teams
 procurement department and
strategic planning group
 we are able to modify our systems in response to changes in the marketplace
 competitive environment
government regulations and technology
 such as the use of bar codes to enhance the speed and accuracy of information. We plan to
continue to invest in technology to grow our business.



    
    





The chilled and frozen pork products we produce are sold as various cuts of meat
 such as the shoulder
 the ribs
 the loin or the
leg. Other parts of the hog
 such as the head
 ears
 trotters and internal organs
 have a ready market in China and are also distributed
and sold by us.


by our slaughterhouses are sold to a wide variety of customers
 such as meat and food distributors
 wholesalers
 food processing
companies and supermarkets. Our pork products are distributed and sold locally in the domestic market and also are exported.



C)
C)
 immediately after it is cut and packed
 and thereafter maintained at that temperature
during storage or transportation. This serves to preserve the freshness and quality of the meat. Chilled pork will usually have
to be consumed within one week from the time of slaughter.


is more costly than frozen pork
 our market research indicates a trend among customers toward chilled pork and away from frozen
pork. Most of the chilled pork we produce is distributed and sold to domestic customers who comprise mainly fresh food distributors
and wholesalers
 markets and supermarkets located within a 500 km delivery radius of our processing facilities.

. In
the production of our frozen pork
F
C) for 48 hours
 after which it is stored or transported at a constant temperature of between &ndash;0.4
C). Generally
 frozen pork can be kept
for about 12 months from the time of slaughter. Frozen pork is cheaper relative to chilled pork at the retail level. Food and food
processing companies usually require frozen pork in their production of processed meats such as luncheon meat and canned
 stewed
meat. In China
 most of the pork sold in markets
 supermarkets and restaurants is frozen. The domestic customers for our frozen
pork include food processing companies and food distributors.

Hog By-Products and
Hog heads
 ears and trotters and the internal organs
 such as the kidneys
 livers
 stomachs and intestines
are commonly used in Chinese cuisine and therefore have a ready market. We usually sell these by-products and variety meats to
domestic customers. These items are also sold to food processing companies to be used as raw materials for other meat and meat-based
products.


We also produce a line of prepared meats
 such as sausages
 hams and Chinese cured hams that includes more than 200 items that
are marketed under our &ldquo;Zhongpin&rdquo; brand.


raw materials used in our production. See &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Business - If there are any interruptions
to or a decline in the amount or quality of our live hogs
 raw pork or other major raw material supply
 our production or sales
could be materially and adversely affected.&rdquo;

Our Vegetable and
 We contract with more than 100 farms in Henan province and nearby areas to produce high-quality
vegetable varieties and fruits suitable for export purposes. We have contracted with farms close in proximity to our operations
to ensure freshness from harvest to processing. We contract to grow more than 25 categories of vegetables and fruits
 including
asparagus
 sweet corn
 broccoli
 mushrooms
 lima beans
 strawberries and capsicum. In recent years
 we have worked closely with
the Henan Academy of Agricultural Sciences in China to improve the yield and quality of crops.



    
    



 we have been
contracting with farms to produce selected vegetables and fruits. Our technicians are sent to candidate farms to test the soil
and water quality and to evaluate local climatic conditions. Vegetables and fruits grown at the candidate farms are evaluated in
our laboratories. If the quality of the farm products meets our standards
 we enter into a contract with the farm for the purchase
of a stated minimum amount of products. Seeds
 fertilizer and pesticides are generally provided by us to the contracted farm at
wholesale prices. During the growing season
 the vegetables or fruits at the contracted farms are monitored and tested. At harvest
produce is tested and purchased based on product criteria stated in the contract.




ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 substantially all of our assets
 including all of our material assets
 were located in China.


 2013
 we
owned and operated eight slaughterhouses
 including one in each of Changge City
 Zhumadian City
 Anyang City
 Luoyang City and
Yongcheng City in Henan province
 one in Tianjin Municipality
 one in Changchun City
 Jilin province
 and one in Taizhou city
Jiangsu province to carry out the business of slaughtering hogs and the production and sale of chilled and frozen pork products.
Our current total production capacity for chilled pork and frozen pork is approximately 1
899.3 metric tons per eight-hour day
or approximately 683
760 metric tons on an annual basis. As of such date
 we owned four facilities in Changge City
 Henan province
and one in Tianjin Municipality
 for prepared pork products. We have production capacity for prepared pork products of 488.9 metric
tons per eight-hour day
 or approximately 176
000 metric tons on an annual basis. We have production capacity for vegetables and
fruits of approximately 83.3 metric tons per eight-hour day
 or approximately 30
000 metric tons on an annual basis. We have annual
production capacity for food oil (pork oil) of approximately 20
000 metric tons. We also have annual production capacity for 100
million meters of sausage casings and 300 billion units of raw material to make heparin sodium. We use state-of-the-art equipment
in all of our slaughterhouses and processing facilities.


our production capacity to seize additional market share. As a result
 we put into operation
 are currently constructing
 or plan
to construct
 the following additional production facilities to expand our production capacity:


We put a new facility in Changge with production capacity for 100 million meters of sausage casings and 300 billion units of
raw material to make heparin sodium into operation in November 2012.


We are investing approximately $18.0 million in a cold chain logistic distribution center in Anyang
Henan province. This distribution center will have a 27
000 square meters temperature adjustable warehouse
 processing capacity
distribution center and quality control center. This distribution center will be used for third party cold chain logistic service.
We expect to put this distribution center into operation in the third quarter of 2013.


We are investing approximately $87.5 million in a chilled and frozen food processing and distribution center in Kunshan
 Jiangsu
province
 which is near Shanghai city. The whole center will be built in three phases. The first phase will include a processing
center
 cold chain logistics center and business complex. We invested about $35.0 million on the first phase and put it into operation
in February 2013.



    
    



We are investing approximately $58.5 million to build a new production
 research and development
 and training complex in Changge
Henan province excluding the cost of land use rights that we have already obtained. When completed
 we anticipate that this new
facility will have a production capacity of approximately 100
000 metric tons for prepared pork products. Adjacent to this new
production facility
 we also plan to develop a center for research and development
 training
 as well as quality control. Construction
for the first phase with a production capacity of approximately 50
000 metric tons for prepared pork products started in the second
quarter of 2011 and was completed in the second quarter of 2012. We started trial production in this facility in July 2012
 and
started the regular production at the end of the third quarter of 2012.


We established a joint venture company
 of which we own 65%
 with Henan Xinda Animal Husbandry Company
Limited in June 2011. The joint venture company is financed by capital contributions and bank loans. All capital contributions
to the joint venture company have been made. We expect the new company will provide 20
000 sire boars annually. Upon the completion
of the building of infrastructures for sire boars breeding in the third quarter of 2012
 we leased the facility to a third party
for annual rental in the amount of RMB5.0 million.



We will be investing approximately $47.6 million to build a cold-chain logistic distribution center in Tangshan
 Hebei province.
This distribution center will have a 27
000 square meters temperature adjustable warehouse
 processing capacity
 distribution center
and quality control center. This distribution center will be used for third-party cold-chain logistics service. We expect to put
this distribution center into operation in the fourth quarter of 2013.


hog farms and breeders located in close proximity to our slaughterhouses. All the hogs we purchase for slaughtering in our slaughterhouses
must have all the health certificates issued by the relevant authorities in China to ensure that the hogs have been under strict
and consistent supervision during the rearing period and are in good health when they are purchased by us. In addition
 the hogs
slaughtered in our slaughterhouses are also subject to inspections by our own team of certified veterinarians.

Production of Chilled
and Frozen Pork Products. 
all required licenses and certificates from central and local government authorities with regard to our pork production business.
In May 2002
 we were awarded ISO 9001 certification that covers our production
 research and development and sales activities.
The ISO 9001 certification indicates that our slaughterhouses and pork production operations comply with international standards
of quality assurance established by the International Organization of Standardization. All of our production lines have also passed
HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point) under GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) and SSOP (Sanitation Standard Operating
Procedure in China).


slaughterhouses
 our certified veterinarians
 together with the local Animal Husbandry Department inspectors
 conduct a physical
inspection of the hogs to ascertain whether they are fit for human consumption. Blood and urine samples are obtained from a random
sample of hogs which are tested for disease. The hogs are then weighed and are quarantined for approximately 6 to 12 hours
 during
which time only water is provided to the hogs.


has passed
 we conduct another physical inspection of the hogs. This physical inspection is conducted jointly with the inspectors
from the Animal Husbandry Department. Hogs that are found fit for human consumption will be slaughtered while those found to be
deficient are immediately culled. We shower the hogs with water before and after slaughter to clean them. Instruments used for
slaughtering and cutting up the carcasses are sterilized several times a day.



    
    



are conducted at all production stages to detect and remove meat that is spoiled or has been infected by bacteria. The appearance
of the skin
 internal organs and the meat itself is subject to physical observation and laboratory testing to see if the hog is
diseased. Every hog that is slaughtered in our slaughterhouses is assigned a serial number so that a trace can be run on any processed
hog. All of these quality control checks are conducted by our veterinarians and quality control staff.


is maintained at our slaughterhouses. All staff and visitors who enter the slaughterhouses must first put on protective clothing
and be sterilized with disinfectant. All packaging materials used for meat also must be sterilized.


 2012
a total of 327 employees worked in our quality assurance program
 of which 96 were quality control engineers and 231 were staff.
The quality control laboratory meets and exceeds all standards set by the authorities and relevant agencies in China.

Storage and Transportation
The pork products from freshly slaughtered hogs at our slaughterhouses are blast frozen after slaughtering
to prevent deterioration of the meat caused by bacteria or chemical changes. Frozen meat is stored in cold storage facilities at
C)
F
C) before being transported to customers. The chilled and frozen pork is maintained within the requisite temperature
ranges during subsequent handling
 transportation and distribution to retain freshness and to prevent deterioration of the meat.

Sales
 Marketing and
Distribution


principally wholesalers
 restaurants
 supermarkets
 large retailers and food services
 such as food processing factories
 school
cafeterias and canteens
 in China. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 no customer accounted for 10% or more
of our consolidated revenues. No material amount of our business is dependent on government contracts.


industry typically increases during the period leading to the one-week celebration of the Chinese Spring Festival
 which usually
takes place in late January or early February. In general
 demand for pork tends to be the greatest during the first quarter of
the year due to the tendency of consumers to eat greater amounts of meat during the Spring Festival and the colder period of the
year. The third quarter typically is the slower season for the industry due to the lower supply of live hogs as well as the slight
drop in meat consumption during the hot summer months. However
 in general we do not experience any material seasonal effect on
our revenues.


 2012
we had sales offices in 139 cities in China
 extending from Henan province
 in which our headquarters is located
 to South
 East
North and Mid-South regions of China
 and had warehouses in 90 of such cities. We plan to further expand our network of sales offices
and warehouses to seven other cities in China by the end of 2013 in order to meet consumer demand.


through a sales team and a network of agents in 20 provinces and in the four central government-administered municipalities of
Beijing
 Shanghai
 Tianjin and Chongqing throughout China. The sales team is responsible for securing orders for our pork products
maintaining and building relationships with existing customers and for securing new customers. Our sales team is also involved
in identifying new markets in line with the existing customer base and our geographical expansion plans.



    
    



to major cities in China
 such as Shanghai
 Beijing
 Wuhan and Zhengzhou
 to market and sell our pork products to wholesale markets
and selected retail chains in those cities. We usually transport pork products by refrigerated trucks. Railroads are used for transporting
pork products to those cities that are located at a further distance from our operations facilities.


 our sales
teams travel and market pork products
 vegetables and fruits to potential customers in Europe
 Hong Kong as well as other selected
countries and regions in Asia. During the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 we exported approximately 11
893 metric
tons
 19
566 metric tons and 6
079 metric tons
 respectively
 of pork products
 and 300 metric tons
 519 metric tons and 662 metric
tons
 respectively
 of vegetables and fruits.


for the three years ended December 31
 2012 the amount and percentage of our revenues derived from our sales of products to customers
located in China and other countries based on the locations to which our products were shipped. All of our long-lived assets are
located in China.



    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
625.0
    
1
446.0
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
639.6
    
1
456.2
    
    
    



to selected chains and independent resellers. Some of the major selection criteria we employ to screen resellers include the following:



















established a unique
 vertically integrated fresh meat and meat products supply chain from farming
 slaughtering
 cutting
 processing
and wholesaling to retailing via an exclusive network of showcase stores
 branded stores and supermarket brand counters. We believe
our unique business model differentiates our company from other major national meat and meat products producers in China. We have
supplemented our wholesale channels by establishing a unique retail network to establish a second sales channel while minimizing
channel conflict. We believe that by broadening awareness of our entire product line
 our retail stores will help drive the revenues
of all of our business lines
 including the revenues from our wholesale channels.



    
    



generally promotes our brands rather than a particular store
 in an effort to drive business to every retailer that carries our
products and not just to our network of retail stores. Our marketing goals are not designed to take business from the supermarkets
or other partners of our company
 but to increase the overall number of buyers of our branded products.

Showcase Stores.

 we have taken a customer-driven marketing approach and have focused
on a core customer segment that consists of the middle class in China
 which generally includes the rapidly increasing number of
households with annual income above RMB40
000 - RMB120
000 ($6
348 - $19
045). We believe this consumer segment has disposable
income and a willingness to spend on quality goods and services. As a result
 we are pursuing a first-mover advantage and have
developed the concept of high-end specialty boutique grocery chain stores to offer our products and other merchandise for the convenience
of a typical two-income
 middle-class family that shops daily after work.


designed to highlight all of our products
 as well as to provide customers with a broad view of our strategies and goals. As of
December 31
 2012
 there were 158 showcase stores
 most of which were located in central locations in major cities within Henan
province. The showcase stores are owned and operated by independent operators
 but share the same design and physical layout
 and
are managed in accordance with our operating procedures. All employees of these stores are required to undergo our vigorous three-month
training program. In addition
 we establish the merchandising and pricing policies of these stores.

Branded
Stores.&nbsp;
 we sell products through branded stores that are owned and operated by independent
operators.&nbsp; As of December&nbsp;31
 2012
 there were 1
476 branded stores that were generally located in the larger cities
in Henan province and adjoining provinces.&nbsp; We provide the operators of the branded stores standardized physical designs and
layouts for each store
 and the operators of the branded stores manage the business following our management guidelines and pricing
policies.&nbsp; Each store has the right to use &quot;Zhongpin&quot; logos and brands.

&ldquo;Zhongpin&rdquo;
Supermarket Counters. 
As of December 31
 2012
 there were 1
856 &ldquo;Zhongpin&rdquo; supermarket counters. The counters are exclusive purveyors of
our meats and meat products and are owned and operated by the supermarkets and local markets. A majority of the &ldquo;Zhongpin&rdquo;
counters at supermarkets use our standardized physical design and layout in addition to related rules and guidelines provided by
the supermarket partners.




continues to be a significant component of our strategy to extend our existing brands and product lines and expand into new branded
items and product lines. In 1999
 Henan Zhongpin founded Zhongpin Technology Research and Development Center
 a food research institute
in Changge City
 Henan province. In 2000
 Henan Zhongpin established a technology center
 which has evolved into the technical
research center for the entire meat industry in Henan province. As of December 31
 2012
 the research center employed 129 scientists
and technicians. The mission of the research center is to develop new processing technologies and food products. In addition
 our
product development team works with the China Meat Processing Research Center
 the premier research institute for meat processing
technology in China
 and we have jointly established a research center in Beijing. We also work with scientists and researchers
from Beijing University
 China Agricultural University
 the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Science
 Henan Agricultural University
and other universities to develop production technologies and innovative meat products. As of December 31
 2012
 we had relationships
with approximately 80 scientists and experts who acted as our outside technical consultants.



    
    




scientific laboratory for food quality and processing
 established in collaboration with Henan Agricultural University
 was designated
by the Science &amp; Technology Department of Henan Province as a Key Laboratory
 which is an important achievement for our quality
assurance system. The laboratory is equipped with modern scientific instruments and integrated systems from North America and Asia
and uses stringent testing and measurement processes. We expect the designation as a Key Laboratory to encourage outstanding scientists
and engineers to join us
 enhance our research and development capabilities
 accelerate our product and process improvements and
new product innovations
 and serve as an exchange platform for technical cooperation with universities
 technical institutes
 and
food processors in China and around the world. We also have invested in employee training and development to help sustain our rapid
and healthy growth while maintaining a satisfactory profit margin.


industry in China is regarded by the central government of China as a &ldquo;key&rdquo; industry and certain participants in the
industry
 including our company
 receive special technology subsidies and research grants for undertaking &ldquo;technologies plan
projects&rdquo; for the government. To receive these subsidies and grants
 the recipients must complete the research and development
objectives assigned by the government
 and all funds must be used to pay project-related costs
 such as training fees
 laboratory
costs or the costs of importing technology. As a qualified company
 we are undertaking research and development projects for both
the central government of China and the Henan provincial government.


 we launched
85 new products that were developed in our technology center and
 as of December 31
 2012
 we had over 90 new products under development.
Our research and development expenses for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $0.6 million
 $0.5 million and
$0.6 million
 respectively.




as the core of our competitive strategy. Since the ultimate aim of our business strategy is to satisfy the customer
 gaining a
valued position in the minds of customers is of paramount importance. Our branding process seeks to create a unique identity and
to properly position our brand platform. We intend to position our &ldquo;Zhongpin&rdquo; brand
 and to protect our brand identity
in order to create the perception and image of health
 nutrition
 freshness and quality in the minds of our customers.


&ldquo;Zhongpin&rdquo; trademark in China (including Hong Kong and Macau)
 Australia
 Belgium
 Canada
 France
 Germany
 the Netherlands
Italy
 Japan
 Luxembourg
 the Philippines
 Russia
 Singapore
 South Korea
 Spain
 the United Kingdom and the United States.


afforded our intellectual property will be adequate. It may be possible for third parties to obtain and use
 without our consent
intellectual property that we own or are licensed to use. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties
 and the
expenses incurred in protecting our intellectual property rights
 may adversely affect our business. See &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors
- Risks Related to Our Business - Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive
position
 and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly.&rdquo;




of meat and food products in China and internationally are highly competitive. There are numerous producers of processed meat products
in China
 a number of which market their products under different brand names. We believe most of these producers have only one
or two lines of production facilities and sell their products primarily in the areas surrounding their facilities. Due to the lack
of logistics capabilities
 we believe there are no national market leaders in China's meat industry. As a result
 our products
compete with different brands in different areas of China. A number of our competitors
 including Henan Shuanghui (Shineway) Food
Co.
 Ltd.
 Yurun Food Group Limited and People's Food Holdings Limited
 have greater resources
 own or control more processing
plants and equipment
 or offer a larger product line than we do. In addition
 a number of the world's largest food processing companies
have recently established joint ventures with food manufacturers or producers in China
 and we expect competition from these ventures
to increase in the future.




    
    



in China compete on the basis of price
 product quality
 brand identification and customer service. Our competitive strategy is
to provide
 through our aggressive marketing and strong quality assurance programs
 a higher quality of products that possess strong
brand recognition
 which will in turn support higher value perceptions from customers.




actively promulgating a plan for &ldquo;safe meat&rdquo; and is expected to raise the proportion of slaughtering automation to
over 70% of all meat and actively enforce authorized slaughtering and quarantine. Special grants
 subsidized financing
 preferential
tax policies
 governmental funding and other subsidies are provided to well-performing enterprises in order to acquire state-of-the-art

and opportunities to well-performing companies because such policies work to raise the bar for entering the industry and to eliminate
inefficient companies in the industry. We expect such government support for the processing of agricultural products to continue
for a number of years in the foreseeable future. However
 the determination as to whether we can continue to benefit from such
government programs in the future will depend on how the government administers its incentive programs and how well we perform.
If we maintain the current trend in our performance
 it is possible we may obtain further government support through such incentive
programs. 


 the Standing Committee
of the National People&rsquo;s Congress of China issued the Food Safety Law. Any enterprise engaged in the production
 processing
sale
 import and export
 and inspection of food and food-related products must comply with the Food Safety Law
 which prescribes
the licenses and safety requirements in respect of food
 food additives
 food containers
 food packaging materials
 detergents
and disinfectants
 food utensils and equipment
 as well as food safety standards
 assessment of food safety risks and management
of food safety accidents. According to the Food Safety Law
 any enterprise engaged in production of food must obtain a food production
license from the competent quality inspection administration authority at or above the county level.


 the PRC Ministry of Commerce
issued the Hog Slaughtering Industry Development Guidelines for 2010-2015. The guidelines state that the government will control
the number of slaughterhouses in China and specifically that there should be less than four slaughterhouses in urban areas of municipalities
and cities with a resident population of five million or more
 and less than two slaughterhouses in urban areas of other cities
at or above the prefecture level.


 the CMA announced the China
Meat Industry Development Strategy Report for 2011-2015. In that report
 CMA provided a development roadmap and targets for the
meat industry for the coming five years:


To decrease sales of room temperature pork to below 50% of total pork sales in cities at or above county level in China by
2015;






    
    



To decrease outstanding licenses for slaughterhouses from more than 21
000 to around 3
000 in China by 2015; and


To build pork and pork product production bases in North China
 Northeast China
 East China and Southwest China.


an opportunity to consolidate and integrate the industry for companies with strong brand recognition in China
 high quality facilities
and products
 strict quality control systems and cold chain logistics capabilities.


safety as one of their top priorities. With the government support
 the consolidation of the industry is accelerating.


regulations. See &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Business - Our failure to comply with increasingly stringent
environmental regulations and related litigation could result in significant penalties
 damages and adverse publicity for our business.&rdquo;




 2012
 we employed 7
814
employees
 of whom 5
868 were operating personnel
 1
440 were sales personnel
 129 were research and development personnel and
377 were administrative personnel. We are not subject to any collective bargaining agreement and we believe our relationship with
our employees is good.

Additional Available
Information


and file annual
 quarterly and current reports
 proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy these
reports
 proxy statements and other information at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549.
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 or e-mail the SEC at publicinfo@sec.gov for more information on the operation of the public
reference room. Our SEC filings are also available at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. Our Internet address is http://www.zpfood.com.
There we make available
 free of charge
 our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form
8-K
 and any amendments to those reports
 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with
 or
furnish such material to
 the SEC. However
 the information on our website is not a part of
 nor is such information to be deemed
incorporated by reference into
 this report.

Item 1A. &ndash; Risk
Factors

Risks Relating To
Our Business

If there are any interruptions
in the supply of or a decline in the amount or quality of our live hogs
 raw pork or other major raw materials


 our production or sales could be materially and adversely affected. 


raw materials used in the production of our products.&nbsp; We procure all of our live hogs and some of our raw meat from a number
of third-party suppliers.&nbsp; The supply of pork is dependent on the output of hog farms
 which may be affected by outbreaks
of diseases or epidemics.&nbsp; Our current suppliers may not be able to provide live hogs or raw pork of sufficient quality to
meet our stringent quality control requirements.&nbsp; Any interruptions to or decline in the amount or quality of our live hogs
or raw pork supply could materially disrupt our production and adversely affect our business. In addition to live hogs and raw
pork
 we also use additives and packaging in our production
 which we source from third-party suppliers
 and resell a wide variety
of vegetables and fruits
 which we purchase from third-party farms.&nbsp; Any interruptions to or decline in the amount or quality
of our additives or packaging supply
 or in the vegetables or fruits we procure
 could also disrupt our production or sales and
adversely affect our business.&nbsp; We are also vulnerable to further increases in the price of raw materials (particularly of
live hogs and raw pork) and other operating costs
 and we may not be able to entirely offset these increasing costs by increasing
the prices of our products
 particularly our processed meat products
 which would also have an adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition.



    
    


We may be unable to anticipate changes
in consumer preferences for processed meat products
 which may result in decreased demand for our products.


products market is in large part dependent on our ability to anticipate and develop products that appeal to the changing tastes
dietary habits and preferences of our customers. If we are not able to anticipate and identify new consumer trends and develop
new products accordingly
 demand for our products may decline and our operating results may be adversely affected.&nbsp; In addition
we may incur significant costs relating to developing and marketing new products or expanding our existing product lines in reaction
to what we perceive to be a consumer preference or demand. Such development or marketing may not result in the level of market
acceptance
 volume of sales or profitability anticipated.

If the chilled and frozen pork market in
China does not grow as we expect
 our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.


have strong growth potential in China and
 accordingly
 we have continuously increased our sales of chilled and frozen pork.&nbsp;
If the chilled and frozen pork market in China does not grow as we expect
 our business may be harmed
 we may need to adjust our
growth strategy and our results of operations may be adversely affected.

We require various licenses and permits
to operate our business
 and the loss of
 failure to renew or failure to obtain any or all of these licenses and permits could
require us to suspend some or all of our production or distribution operations.


we are required to maintain various licenses and permits in order to operate our business
 including
 without limitation
 a slaughtering
permit in respect of each of our chilled and frozen pork production facilities
 a permit for production of industrial products
in respect of each of our processed meat production facilities
 and permits for distribution of our pork products and our vegetable
and fruit products.&nbsp; We are required to comply with applicable hygiene and food safety standards in relation to our production
and distribution processes. Our premises and transportation vehicles are subject to regular inspections by the regulatory authorities
for compliance with applicable regulations.&nbsp; Failure to pass these inspections
 or the loss of or failure to renew our licenses
and permits
 could require us to temporarily or permanently suspend some or all of our production or distribution operations
 which
could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our revenues and profitability.

Our ability to export may be restricted
if we cannot maintain current licenses or obtain additional licenses in other countries and regions.


2012
 2011 and 2010
 revenue attributable to our export business as a percentage of our total revenue was approximately 1%
 1%
and 1%
 respectively.&nbsp; We must maintain certain licenses from applicable foreign governments in order to continue to export
to those jurisdictions. In addition
 we must apply for licenses from applicable foreign governments should we desire to export
our products to countries with which we currently do not have business relations.&nbsp; We cannot assure you that we can maintain
our current licenses for export or obtain licenses to export to countries with which we do not currently have business relations.&nbsp;
The loss of any licenses or the inability to obtain new licenses to export may adversely affect the aggregate amount of our export
sales and the profitability of our business.



    
    



The loss of senior management or key research and development
personnel or our inability to recruit additional personnel may harm our business.


to manage our business and operations and our key research and development personnel for the development of new processing technologies
and food products and the enhancement of our existing products.&nbsp; In particular
 we rely substantially on our founder
 Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer
 Mr.&nbsp;Xianfu Zhu
 and our Executive Vice President
 Mr.&nbsp;Baoke Ben
 to manage our operations.&nbsp;
We also depend on our key research personnel for the development of new products and manufacturing methods
 on our key information
technology and logistics personnel for the production
 storage and shipment of our products and on our key marketing and sales
personnel
 engineers and other personnel with technical and industry knowledge to transport
 market and sell our products.&nbsp;
We do not maintain key man life insurance on any of our senior management or key personnel.&nbsp; The loss of any one of them
in particular Mr.&nbsp;Zhu or Mr.&nbsp;Ben
 would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. &nbsp;Competition
for senior management and our other key personnel is intense and the pool of suitable candidates is limited.&nbsp; We may be unable
to locate a suitable replacement for any senior management or key personnel that we lose.&nbsp; In addition
 if any member of our
senior management or key personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing company
 they may compete with us for customers
 business
partners and other key professionals and staff members of our company.&nbsp; Although each of our senior management and key personnel
has signed a confidentiality and non-competition agreement in connection with his employment with us
 we may not be able to successfully
enforce these provisions in the event of a dispute between us and any member of our senior management or key personnel.


other food processing companies
 food retailers
 logistics companies and research institutions.&nbsp; Intense competition for these
personnel could cause our compensation costs to increase significantly
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations.&nbsp; Our future success and ability to grow our business will depend in part on the continued service of these
individuals and our ability to identify
 hire and retain additional qualified personnel.&nbsp; If we are unable to attract and
retain qualified employees
 we may be unable to meet our business and financial goals.

Our growth strategy may prove to be disruptive and divert
management resources
 which could adversely affect our existing businesses.


 we constructed
leased or acquired several new production facilities
 both within and outside of Henan province.&nbsp; Our growth strategy includes
the continued expansion of our manufacturing operations and may include acquisitions of additional products
 manufacturing or production
capabilities or sources of supply.&nbsp; In addition
 we intend to expand our network of sales offices and warehouses to additional
cities in China. The implementation of such strategy may involve large transactions and present financial
 managerial and operational
challenges
 including diversion of management attention from existing businesses
 difficulty with integrating personnel and financial
and other systems
 increased expenses
 including compensation expenses resulting from newly hired employees
 assumption of unknown
liabilities and potential disputes.&nbsp; We also could experience financial or other setbacks if any of our growth strategies
incur problems of which we are not presently aware.


    
    


We may require additional financing in the future and our
operations could be curtailed if we are unable to obtain required additional financing when needed.


equity financing to fund future capital expenditures. Additional equity may result in dilution to the holders of our outstanding
shares of capital stock. Additional debt financing may include conditions that would restrict our freedom to operate our business
such as conditions that:








require us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt
 thereby reducing the availability
of our cash flow to fund capital expenditures
 working capital and other general corporate purposes; and


limit our flexibility in planning for
 or reacting to
 changes in our business and our industry.


to obtain any additional financing on terms that are acceptable to us
 or at all.

downturn
or crisis
 potential disruptions in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our business
 including the availability
and cost of short-term funds for liquidity requirements
 our ability to meet short-term and long-term commitments and our ability
to grow our business; each could adversely affect our results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.


a significant contraction
 with an almost unprecedented lack of availability of business and consumer credit. We rely on the credit
markets
 particularly for short-term borrowings from banks in China
 as well as the capital markets
 to meet our financial commitments
and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from our operations. Disruptions in the credit and capital markets
as have been experienced since mid-2008
 could adversely affect our ability to draw on our short-term bank facilities. Our access
to funds under these credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to those facilities to meet their
funding commitments
 which may be dependent on governmental economic policies in China. Those banks may not be able to meet their
funding commitments to us if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing
requests from us and other borrowers within a short period of time.


capital markets
 similar to those that have been experienced since mid-2008
 could result from uncertainty
 changing or increased
regulation
 reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions and could adversely affect our access to liquidity
needed for our business. Any disruption could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until
alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged. Such measures could include deferring
capital expenditures
 and reducing or eliminating discretionary uses of cash.


broader economic downturns
 which may lead to lower demand for our products and increased incidence of customers' inability to
pay their accounts. Further
 bankruptcies or similar events by customers may cause us to incur bad debt expense at levels higher
than historically experienced. These events would adversely affect our results of operations
 cash flows and financial position.


    
    


Our operations are cash intensive and our business could
be adversely affected if we fail to maintain sufficient levels of working capital.


our operations
 principally to fund our raw material procurement.&nbsp; Our suppliers
 in particular
 suppliers of hogs
 typically
require payment in full within seven days after delivery
 although some of our suppliers provide us with credit.&nbsp; In turn
we typically require our customers of chilled and frozen pork to make payment in full on delivery
 although we offer some of our
long-standing customers&rsquo; credit terms.&nbsp; We generally fund most of our working capital requirements out of cash flow
generated from operations.&nbsp; If we fail to generate sufficient revenues from our sales
 or if we experience difficulties collecting
our accounts receivable
 we may not have sufficient cash flow to fund our operating costs and our profitability could be adversely
affected.

We may be unable to maintain our profitability in the face
of a consolidating retail environment in China.


to supermarkets and large retailers.&nbsp; The supermarket and food retail industry in China has been
 and is expected to continue
undergoing a trend of development and consolidation.&nbsp; As the retail food trade continues to consolidate and our retail customers
grow larger and become more sophisticated
 they may demand lower pricing and increased promotional programs. Furthermore
 larger
customers may be better able to operate on reduced inventories and potentially develop or increase their focus on private label
products.&nbsp; If we fail to maintain a good relationship with our large retail customers
 or maintain a wide offering of quality
products
 or if we lower our prices or increase promotional support of our products in response to pressure from our customers
and are unable to increase the volume of our products sold
 our profitability could decline.

Our operating results may fluctuate from period to period
and if we fail to meet market expectations for a particular period
 our share price may decline.


period to period and are likely to continue to fluctuate as a result of a wide range of factors
 including seasonal variations
in live hog supply and processed meat products consumption.&nbsp; For example
 demand for our products in general is relatively
high before the Chinese New Year in January or February each year and lower thereafter.&nbsp; Our production and sales of chilled
and frozen pork are generally lower in the summer due to a lower supply of live hogs
 as well as a slight drop in meat consumption
during the hot summer months.&nbsp; Interim reports may not be indicative of our performance for the year or our future performance
and period-to-period comparisons may not be meaningful due to a number of reasons beyond our control.&nbsp; We cannot assure you
that our operating results will meet the expectations of market analysts or our investors.&nbsp; If we fail to meet their expectations
there may be a decline in our share price.

We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from sales
in China and a general economic downturn
 a recession or a sudden disruption in business conditions in China could have a material
adverse effect on our business and financial condition.


affected by a number of factors
 including general economic conditions
 the level of unemployment
 inflation
 interest rates
 energy
costs
 gasoline prices and consumer confidence generally
 all of which are beyond our control. Consumer purchases of discretionary
items tend to decline during recessionary periods
 when disposable income is lower
 and may impact sales of our products. In addition
sudden disruption in business conditions as a result of a terrorist attack
 retaliation and the threat of further attacks or retaliation
war
 adverse weather conditions and climate changes or other natural disasters
 pandemic situations or large scale power outages
can have a short or
 sometimes
 long-term impact on consumer spending.


    
    


Substantially
all of our revenues are generated from sales in China.&nbsp; We anticipate that revenues from sales of our products in China will
continue to represent a substantial proportion of our total revenues in the near future.&nbsp; A downturn in the economy in China
any recession or a sudden disruption of business conditions in China's economy could
 among other things
 adversely affect consumer
buying power and discourage consumption of our products
 which in turn would have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition and results of operations.

We utilize our exclusive
network of showcase stores
 branded stores and supermarket brand counters to sell a significant portion of our products and maintain
our brand image
 and should they perform poorly
 our revenues and brand image could be materially and adversely affected. 


to wholesale customers
 we sell our products through showcase stores
 branded stores and supermarket brand counters. All of these
retail outlets exclusively sell our pork products and display the Zhongpin logo on the outside of the stores. For the years ended
December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 these retail outlets accounted for approximately 29%
 32% and 38%
 respectively
 of our total
could adversely affect our
results. In addition
 any sanitation
retail
outlets could adversely affect our brand image and lead to a loss of sales. We do not own or franchise any of the retail outlets.

We rely on the performance
of our large retailers and mass merchant customers for the success of our sales
 and should they perform poorly or give priority
to our competitors&rsquo; products
 our sales performance and branding image could be materially and adversely affected. 


sales channel
 we sell our products to supermarkets and large retailers
 which in turn sell the products to end consumers. Any
significant deterioration in the sales performance of our wholesale customers could adversely affect the performance of our products.
Furthermore
 our wholesale customers also carry products that directly compete with our products for retail space and consumer
purchases. There is a risk that our wholesale customers may give higher priority to products of
 or form alliances with
 our competitors.
If our wholesale customers do not continue to purchase our products
 or provide our products with similar levels of promotional
support
 our sales performance and brand imaging could be adversely affected.

The loss of any of our
significant customers could reduce our revenues and our profitability. 


principally wholesalers and distributors
 supermarkets and large retailers in China. We have not entered into long-term supply
contracts with any of these major customers. Therefore
 there can be no assurance that we will maintain or improve the relationships
with these customers
 or that we will be able to continue to supply these customers at current levels or at all. If we cannot maintain
long-term relationships with our major customers
 the loss of a significant portion of our sales to them could have an adverse
effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


    
    


Regulatory enforcement
crackdowns on food processing companies in China could increase our compliance costs and reduce our profitability. 


in all material respects with all applicable regulatory requirements of China and all local jurisdictions in which we operate.
However
 the PRC government authorities have taken certain measures to maintain China's food market in good order and to improve
the integrity of China's food industry
 such as enforcing full compliance with industry standards and closing certain food processing
companies in China that did not meet regulatory standards. While the closing of competing meat processing plants that do not meet
regulatory standards could increase our revenues in the long term
 we may also experience increased regulatory compliance costs
that could reduce our profitability.

Our failure to comply
with increasingly stringent environmental regulations and related litigation could result in significant penalties
 damages and
adverse publicity for our business.


are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent laws and regulations pertaining to
 among other things
 the discharge of materials
into the environment and the handling and disposition of wastes (including solid and hazardous wastes) or otherwise relating to
protection of the environment. In addition
 under PRC environmental regulations
 we are required to obtain an approval on environmental
impact assessment before the construction of our production facilities
 and we are further required to undergo environmental protection
examinations and obtain acceptance approval from the relevant governmental authorities after we complete the installation of our
manufacturing equipment and before we commence commercial production. Failure to comply with any laws and regulations and future
changes to them may result in significant consequences to us
 including civil and criminal penalties
 liability for damages and
negative publicity.


 and
will continue to incur
 significant capital and operating expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. We cannot assure
you that additional environmental issues will not require currently unanticipated investigations
 assessments or expenditures
or that requirements applicable to us will not be altered in ways that will require us to incur significant additional costs.

Our largest shareholder
has significant influence over our management and affairs and could exercise this influence against your best interests. 


 2013
 Mr.
Xianfu Zhu
 our founder
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our largest shareholder
 beneficially owned approximately 17.3%
of our outstanding shares of common stock
 and our other executive officers and directors collectively beneficially owned an additional
4.2% of our outstanding shares of common stock. As a result
 pursuant to our By-laws and applicable laws and regulations
 our controlling
shareholder and our other executive officers and directors are able to exercise significant influence over our company
 including
but not limited to
 any shareholder approvals for the election of our directors and
 indirectly
 the selection of our senior management
the amount of dividend payments
 if any
 our annual budget
 increases or decreases in our share capital
 new securities issuance
mergers and acquisitions and any amendments to our By-laws. Furthermore
 this concentration of ownership may delay or prevent a
change of control or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us
which could decrease the market price of our shares.


 2012
 our
Board of Directors received a preliminary non-binding proposal from Mr. Xianfu Zhu
 to buy all of the shares of our common stock
not currently owned by him for $13.50 per share (the &ldquo;Proposed Buyout&rdquo;). On November 26
 2012
 we entered into a definitive
merger agreement with Mr. Xianfu Zhu and certain other parties in connection with the Proposed Buyout
 which was subsequently amended
and restated on February 8
 2013. See &ldquo;-Risks Relating to an Investment in Our Securities- There can be no assurance that
the definitive merger agreement entered into with respect to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer&rsquo;s going private proposal
and the transactions contemplated thereunder will be approved by stockholders or successfully consummated. Potential uncertainty
involving the going private transaction and other related matters
 including lawsuits
 may adversely affect our business.&rdquo;
Mr. Xianfu Zhu&rsquo;s ownership in our company may prevent a competing bid for our company
 which may be against your best interests.


    
    


Deterioration of our perishable products may occur due to
delivery delays
 malfunctioning of freezer facilities or poor handling during transportation
 which could adversely affect our
revenues and the goodwill of our business.


perishable goods) may deteriorate due to shipment or delivery delays
 malfunctioning of freezer facilities or poor handling during
delivery by shippers or intermediaries.&nbsp; We are not aware of any instances whereby we were made to compensate for delivery
delays
 malfunctioning of freezer facilities or poor handling during transportation.&nbsp; However
 there is no assurance that
such incidents will not occur in the future.&nbsp; In the event of any delivery delays
 malfunctioning of freezer facilities or
poor handling during transportation
 we may have to make compensation payments and our reputation
 business goodwill and revenue
will be adversely affected.

If we fail to develop
and maintain an effective system of internal controls
 we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent
fraud; as a result
 current and potential shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reports
 which could harm our business
and the trading price of our common stock.


are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal controls over financial reporting and have our independent registered
public accounting firm annually attest to our evaluation
 as well as issue their own opinion on our internal controls over financial
reporting. We cannot be certain that the measures we have undertaken to comply with Section 404 will ensure that we will maintain
adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Furthermore
 if we are able to rapidly grow our business
the internal controls that we will need will become more complex
 and significantly more resources will be required to ensure our
internal controls remain effective. Failure to implement required controls
 or difficulties encountered in their implementation
could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we or our auditors discover a material
weakness in our internal controls
 the disclosure of that fact
 even if the weakness is quickly remedied
 could diminish investors'
confidence in our financial statements and harm our stock price. In addition
 non-compliance with Section 404 could subject us
to a variety of administrative sanctions
 including the suspension of trading
 ineligibility for listing on one of the national
securities exchanges and the inability of registered broker-dealers to make a market in our common stock
 which could reduce our
stock price.

If we are required to
make a payment under our guarantee of the indebtedness of Henan Huanghe Enterprises Group Co.
 Ltd.
 our liquidity may be adversely
affected
 which could harm our financial condition and results of operations.


 Henan Zhongpin entered
into a mutual guarantee agreement with Henan Huanghe Enterprises Group Co.
 Ltd.
 a group corporation based in Henan province
PRC that is not affiliated with our company or with any of our subsidiaries (&ldquo;Huanghe Group&rdquo;)
 upon the expiration
of a previous mutual guarantee agreement between Henan Zhongpin and Huanghe Group. Under the agreement
 Henan Zhongpin agreed to
guarantee bank loans of Huanghe Group in an amount up to $23.9 million and Huanghe Group agreed to guarantee Henan Zhongpin&rsquo;s
bank loans in an amount up to $23.9 million. The agreement will expire in May 2013. At the expiration of the agreements
 each party
will remain obligated under its guarantee for any loans of the other party that are outstanding on the date of expiration of the
agreements. As of December 31
 2012
 Henan Zhongpin had outstanding guarantees for $18.9 million of Huanghe Group&rsquo;s bank
loans under the agreements. All of the bank loans of Huanghe Group guaranteed by Henan Zhongpin will mature within the next 12
months. However
 we may extend the mutual guarantee agreement with Huanghe Group or enter into a similar mutual guarantee agreement
with another unaffiliated entity in the future. If Huanghe Group or any other entity with which we have a mutual guarantee agreement
defaults on its bank loans and we or one of our subsidiaries is required to pay all or a portion of such loans under a mutual guarantee
agreement
 we or such subsidiary will be required to seek reimbursement for such payment from the unaffiliated entity. In such
event
 it is unlikely that the unaffiliated entity will be able to make such reimbursement and we may be unable to recoup the amount
we paid at such time
 if ever. Further
 under a mutual guarantee agreement
 we or such subsidiary may be required to make payment
at a time when we or such subsidiary does not have sufficient cash to make such payment and at a time when we or such subsidiary
may be unable to borrow such funds on terms that are acceptable
 if at all. As a result
 any demand for payment under a mutual
guarantee agreement to which we or one of our subsidiaries is a party may have an adverse effect on our liquidity
 financial condition
and results of operations.


    
    


Any disruptions to our processing facilities may materially
and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


 equipment
or installed production lines could suspend or cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events or circumstances
 including
problems with our electricity or water supply
 equipment failures
 regulatory noncompliance
 labor disruptions
 fires
 floods
earthquakes
 acts of war or other catastrophes. While we seek to operate our facilities in compliance with all applicable rules
and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption at our facilities
 a material disruption at one or more of
our processing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand
 reduce our sales and/or negatively impact our business
financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Relating To Our
Industry

influenza
&ldquo;swine flu&rdquo;)
or other diseases could adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


which occurred in 2009 and 2010
 or any outbreak of other epidemics in China affecting animals or humans might result in material
disruptions to our operations
 material disruptions to the operations of our customers or suppliers
 a decline in the supermarket
or food retail industry or slowdown in economic growth in China and surrounding regions
 any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our operations and sales revenue.&nbsp;Negative association of the A/H1N1 flu with hogs and pork products
 since it is
commonly referred to by laypersons as &ldquo;swine flu&rdquo;
 could have a negative impact on sales of pork products. Moreover
our facilities and products may be affected by A/H1N1 flu or similar diseases in the future
 or that the market for pork products
in China may decline as a result of fear of such an outbreak. If either case should occur
 our business
 results of operations
and financial condition would be adversely and materially affected.

The hog slaughtering and processed meat industries in China
are subject to extensive government regulation
 which is still evolving and could adversely affect our ability to sell products
in China or increase our production costs.


processed meat industries in China are heavily regulated by a number of governmental agencies
 including primarily the Ministry
of Agriculture
 the Ministry of Commerce
 the Ministry of Health
 the General Administration of Quality Supervision
 Inspection
and Quarantine and the State Environmental Protection Administration. These regulatory bodies have broad discretion and authority
to regulate many aspects of the hog slaughtering and processed meat industries in China
 including
 without limitation
 setting
hygiene standards for production and quality standards for processed meat products. In addition
 the hog slaughtering and processed
meat products regulatory framework in China is still in the process of being developed. If the relevant regulatory authorities
set standards with which we are unable to comply or which increase our production costs and hence our prices so as to render our
products non-competitive
 our ability to sell products in China may be limited.


    
    


The hog slaughtering
and processed meat industries in China may face increasing competition from both domestic and foreign companies
 as well as increasing
industry consolidation
 which may affect our market share and profit margin. 


processed meat industries in China are highly competitive. Our processed meat products are targeted at mid- to high-end consumers
a market in which we face increasing competition
 from both domestic and foreign suppliers. See &ldquo;Item 1. Business-Competition&rdquo;.
In addition
 the evolving government regulations in relation to the hog slaughtering industry has driven a trend of consolidation
through the industry
 with smaller operators unable to meet the increasing costs of regulatory compliance and therefore at a competitive
disadvantage. We believe that our ability to maintain our market share and grow our operations within this landscape of changing
and increasing competition is largely dependent upon our ability to distinguish our products and services.


competitors may develop products of a comparable or superior quality to ours
 or adapt more quickly than we do to evolving consumer
preferences or market trends. In addition
 our competitors in the raw meat market may merge or form alliances to achieve a scale
of operations or sales network which would make it difficult for us to compete. Increased competition may also lead to price wars
counterfeit products or negative brand advertising
 all of which may adversely affect our market share and profit margin. In an
effort to expand market share or enter into new markets
 some of our competitors have used
 and we expect they will continue to
use
 aggressive pricing strategies
 greater incentives and subsidies for distributors
 retailers and customers. If their efforts
are successful
 our market share and profit margin may be adversely affected. Furthermore
 consolidation among industry participants
in China may potentially result in stronger domestic competitors better able to compete as end-to-end suppliers as well as competitors
more specialized in particular areas and geographic markets. We may not be able to compete effectively with our current or potential
competitors
 and our inability to compete successfully against competitors could result in lost customers
 loss of market share
and reduced operating margins
 which would adversely impact our results of operations.

The outbreak of animal
diseases or other epidemics could adversely affect our operations. 


animal diseases
 such as foot-and-mouth disease
 or any outbreak of other epidemics in China affecting animals or humans might
result in material disruptions to our operations
 material disruptions to the operations of our customers or suppliers
 a decline
in the supermarket or food retail industry or slowdown in economic growth in China and surrounding regions
 any of which could
have a material adverse effect on our operations and turnover. In 2006
 there was an outbreak of streptococcus suis in hogs
 principally
in Sichuan province
 PRC
 with a large number of cases of human infection following contact with diseased hogs. There also were
unrelated reports of diseased hogs in Guangdong province
 PRC. Our procurement and production facilities are located in Henan province
PRC and were not affected by the streptococcus suis infection. In 2010
 there were reports of an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease
in several provinces in China
 such as Guangdong
 Gansu
 Jiangxi
 Xinjiang and Tibet
 and tens of thousands of hogs were culled
after such disease outbreak in 2010. In addition
 in 2010 and 2011
 there have been reports of outbreaks of foot-and-mouth disease
in countries and regions near China
 such as in Japan and South Korea. Such outbreaks could spread to China. There can be no assurance
that our facilities or products will not be affected by an outbreak of this disease or similar ones in the future
 or that the
market for pork products in China will not decline as a result of fear of disease. In either case
 our business
 results of operations
and financial condition would be adversely and materially affected.


    
    


Consumer concerns regarding
the safety and quality of food products or health concerns could adversely affect sales of our products. 


could be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of our products. Consumers in China are increasingly
conscious of food safety and nutrition. Consumer concerns about
 for example
 the safety of pork products
 or the safety of food
additives used in processed meat products
 could discourage them from buying certain products and cause our results of operations
to suffer. Specifically in 2011
 there was some negative publicity regarding the quality and safety of some of our competitors&rsquo;
meat products. While we believe that we maintain an advanced system for quality assurance and control
 our operations may be impacted
by the deteriorating reputation of the food industry in China due to recent food safety scandals.

We may be subject to
substantial liability should the consumption of any of our products cause personal injury or illness and
 unlike most food processing
companies in the United States
 we do not maintain product liability insurance to cover our potential liabilities. 


for human consumption involves an inherent risk of injury to consumers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized
third parties or product contamination or degeneration
 including the presence of foreign contaminants
 chemical substances or
other agents or residues during the various stages of the procurement and production process. The PRC Food Safety Law which became
effective on June 1
 2009 enhances the supervision and examination of governmental authorities over food production and provides
that no exemption from such inspections and examinations shall be permitted. While we are subject to governmental inspections and
regulations
 we cannot assure you that consumption of our products will not cause a health-related illness in the future
 or that
we will not be subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters.


claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertions that our products caused personal
injury or illness could adversely affect our reputation with customers and our corporate and brand image. Unlike most food processing
companies in the United States
 but in line with industry practice in China
 we do not maintain product liability insurance. Furthermore
our products could potentially suffer from product tampering
 contamination or degeneration or be mislabeled or otherwise damaged.
Under certain circumstances
 we may be required to recall products. Even if a situation does not necessitate a product recall
we cannot assure you that product liability claims will not be asserted against us as a result. A product liability judgment against
us or a product recall could have a material adverse effect on our revenues
 profitability and business reputation.

Our product and company
name may be subject to counterfeiting and/or imitation
 which could have an adverse effect upon our reputation and brand image
as well as lead to higher administrative costs. 


as the core of our competitive strategy
 and intend to position our &quot;Zhongpin&quot; brand to create the perception and image
of health
 nutrition
 freshness and quality in the minds of our customers. There have been frequent occurrences of counterfeiting
and imitation of products in China in the past. We cannot guarantee that counterfeiting or imitation of our products will not occur
in the future or that we will be able to detect it and deal with it effectively. Any occurrence of counterfeiting or imitation
could negatively affect our corporate and brand image
 particularly if the counterfeit or imitation products cause sickness
 injury
or death to consumers. In addition
 counterfeit or imitation products could result in a reduction in our market share
 a loss of
revenues or an increase in our administrative expenses in respect of detection or prosecution.


    
    


Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights
may undermine our competitive position
 and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly.


in China for the product categories for which it is currently used. However
 there can be no assurance that additional applications
if any
 we make to register such mark
 or any other tradename or trademark we may seek to register
 will be approved and/or that
the right to the use of any such trademarks outside of their respective current areas of usage will not be claimed by others. We
also own the rights to two domain names that we use in connection with the operation of our business. We believe that such trademarks
and domain names provide us with the opportunity to enhance our marketing efforts for our products. Failure to protect our intellectual
property rights may undermine our marketing efforts and result in harm to our reputation and the growth of our business.


their implementation are still under development. Accordingly
 intellectual property rights in China may not be as effective as
in the United States or many other countries. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights and the outcome
of any such litigation may not be in our favor. Given the relative unpredictability of China's legal system and potential difficulties
enforcing a court judgment in China
 there is no guarantee that we would be able to halt the unauthorized use of our intellectual
property through litigation in a timely manner or at all. Furthermore
 any such litigation may be costly and may divert management
attention away from our business and cause us to expend significant resources. An adverse determination in any such litigation
will impair our intellectual property rights and may harm our business
 prospects and reputation. We have no insurance coverage
against litigation costs so we would be forced to bear all litigation costs if we cannot recover them from other parties. All of
the foregoing factors could harm our business and financial condition.

Risks Relating To Conducting
Business in China 


assets and operations are located in China
 and substantially all of our revenue is sourced from China. Accordingly
 our results
of operations and financial position are subject to a significant degree to economic
 political and legal developments in China
including the following risks:

Changes in the political and economic policies
of the PRC government
 including those that are intended to address the rising inflation rates in China. could have a material
adverse effect on our operations.


may be adversely affected by the political and economic environment in China. China has operated as a socialist state since 1949
and is controlled by the Communist Party of China. As such
 the economy of China differs from the economies of most developed countries
in many respects
 including
 but not limited to:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    



 however
the government has introduced measures aimed at creating a &quot;socialist market economy&quot; and policies have been implemented
to allow business enterprises greater autonomy in their operations. Nonetheless
 a substantial portion of productive assets in
China is still owned by the PRC government. Changes in the political leadership of China may have a significant effect on laws
and policies related to the current economic reforms program
 other policies affecting business and the general political
 economic
and social environment in China
 including the introduction of measures to control inflation
 changes in the rate or method of
taxation
 the imposition of additional restrictions on currency conversion and remittances abroad
 and foreign investment. Moreover
economic reforms and growth in China have been more successful in certain provinces in China than in others
 and the continuation
or increases of such disparities could affect the political or social stability in China.


and the macroeconomic measures adopted by the Chinese government have had a positive effect on the economic development in China
the future direction of these economic reforms is uncertain and the uncertainty may decrease the attractiveness of our company
as an investment
 which may in turn materially adversely affect the price at which our stock trades.


 in recent years the Chinese
economy has experienced periods of rapid expansion and highly fluctuating rates of inflation. These factors have led to the adoption
by the PRC government
 from time to time
 of various measures designed to restrict the availability of credit or regulate growth
and contain inflation. High inflation may cause the PRC government to impose controls on credit and/or prices
 or to take other
actions
 which could result in a slowdown in economic activity in China
 adversely affect the market demand for our products or
increase the financing costs of our Company. In addition
 if prices for our products increase at a rate that is insufficient to
compensate for the rise in the cost of hogs and other supplies due to inflation
 and we are unable to mitigate these inflation
increases through customer pricing
 our profitability may be reduced and our growth prospects may be negatively impacted.

Social conditions in China could have a
material adverse effect on our operations as the PRC government continues to exert substantial influence over the manner in which
we must conduct our business activities.


continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership.
Our ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes in Chinese laws and regulations
 including those relating
to taxation
 import and export tariffs
 environmental regulations
 land use rights
 property and other matters. We believe our
operations in China are in compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. However
 the central or local governments
may impose new
 stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and
efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. Were the PRC government
 or local municipalities
to limit our ability to develop
 produce
 import or sell our products in China
 or to finance and operate our business in China
our business could be adversely affected.

Recent regulatory reforms in China may limit our ability
as a foreign investor to acquire additional companies or businesses in China
 which could hinder our ability to expand in China
and adversely affect our long-term profitability.


an acquisition strategy to increase the number or types of products we offer
 increase our manufacturing or production capabilities
strengthen our sources of supply or broaden our geographic reach.&nbsp; Recent PRC regulations relating to acquisitions of PRC
companies by foreign entities may limit our ability to acquire PRC companies and adversely affect the implementation of our strategy
as well as our business and prospects.


    
    



 2006
 the
PRC Ministry of Commerce
 the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission
 the State Administration of Taxation
the State Administration for Industry and Commerce
 the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the State Administration of
Foreign Exchange jointly promulgated a new rule entitled &ldquo;Provisions Regarding Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises
by Foreign Investors&rdquo; (the &ldquo;M&amp;A Rules&rdquo;)
 which became effective on September&nbsp;8

were amended on June 22

 relating to acquisitions by foreign investors of businesses and
entities in China. The M&amp;A Rules provide the basic framework in China for the approval and registration of acquisitions of
domestic enterprises in China by foreign investors.


additional procedures and requirements that could make some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors more time-consuming
and complex than in the past. After the promulgation of the M&amp;A Rules
 the PRC government can now exert more control over the
acquisitions of Chinese companies
 including requirements in some instances that the Ministry of Commerce be notified in advance
of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a Chinese domestic enterprise.


the necessity of protecting national economic security in China in the context of foreign acquisitions of domestic enterprises.
Foreign investors must comply with comprehensive reporting requirements in connection with acquisitions of domestic companies in
key industrial sectors that may affect the security of the &ldquo;national economy&rdquo; or in connection with acquisitions of
domestic companies holding well-known trademarks or traditional brands in China. Failure to comply with such reporting requirements
that cause
 or may cause
 significant affect on national economic security may be terminated by the relevant ministries or be subject
to other measures as are deemed necessary to mitigate any adverse effect.


or future strategy could be adversely affected by the M&amp;A Rules. For example
 if we decide to acquire a PRC company

with the requirements of the M&amp;A Rules to complete such transactions could be time-consuming
 and any required approval processes
including obtaining approval from the Ministry of Commerce

This may restrict our ability to implement our acquisition strategy and adversely affect our business and prospects.

PRC regulations relating
to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident shareholders to personal
liability and limit our PRC subsidiaries&rsquo; ability to distribute profits to us
 or otherwise materially and adversely affect
us.


Exchange
 or SAFE
 issued a public notice in October 2005 named Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration
for PRC Residents to Engage in Financing and Return Investments via Overseas Special Purpose Vehicles
 or the Circular 75
 requiring
PRC residents
 including both legal persons and natural persons
 to register with an appropriate local SAFE branch before establishing
or controlling any company outside of China
 referred to as an &quot;offshore special purpose company
&quot; for the purpose of
acquiring any assets of or equity interest in PRC companies and raising fund from overseas. When a PRC resident contributes the
assets or equity interests it holds in a PRC company into the offshore special purpose company
 or engages in overseas financing
after contributing such assets or equity interests into the offshore special purpose company
 such PRC resident shall modify its
SAFE registration in light of its interest in the offshore special purpose company and any change thereof. In addition
 any PRC
resident that is the shareholder of an offshore special purpose company is required to amend its SAFE registration with the local
SAFE branch
 with respect to that offshore special purpose company in connection with any increase or decrease of capital
 transfer
of shares
 merger
 division
 long-term equity or debt investment or creation of any security interest over any assets located in
China. PRC residents who have established or acquired direct or indirect control of offshore companies that have made onshore investments
in China in the past were required to complete the registration procedures by March 31
 2006. Moreover
 PRC subsidiaries of an
offshore special purpose company are required to coordinate and supervise the filing in a timely manner of SAFE registrations by
the offshore holding company's shareholders who are PRC residents. If these shareholders fail to comply
 the PRC subsidiaries are
required to report to the local SAFE authorities. If the PRC subsidiaries of the offshore parent company do not report to the local
SAFE authorities
 they may be prohibited from distributing their profits and proceeds from any reduction in capital
 share transfer
or liquidation to their offshore parent company and the offshore parent company may be restricted in its ability to contribute
additional capital into its PRC subsidiaries. Moreover
 failure to comply with the above SAFE registration requirements could result
in liabilities under PRC laws for evasion of foreign exchange restrictions.


    
    



 and to ensuring
that our shareholders
 who are PRC citizens or residents
 comply with the SAFE Circular 75 requirements. We believe that all of
our current PRC citizen or resident shareholders and beneficial owners have completed their required registrations with SAFE. However
we may not at all times be fully aware or informed of the identities of all our beneficial owners who are PRC citizens or residents
and we may not always be able to compel our beneficial owners to comply with the SAFE Circular 75 requirements. As a result
 we
cannot assure you that all of our shareholders or beneficial owners who are PRC citizens or residents will at all times comply
with
 or in the future make or obtain any applicable registrations or approvals required by
 SAFE Circular 75 or other related
regulations. Failure by any such shareholders or beneficial owners to comply with SAFE Circular 75 could subject us to fines or
legal sanctions
 restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities
 limit our PRC subsidiaries' ability to make distributions
or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure
 which could adversely affect our business and prospects.


 the PRC National Development
and Reform Commission
 or the NDRC
 promulgated a rule in October 2004 named the Interim Measures for the Administration of Examination
and Approval of Overseas Investment Projects
 or the NDRC Rule
 which requires NDRC approvals for overseas investment projects
made by PRC entities. The NDRC Rule also provides that approval procedures for overseas investment projects of PRC individuals
must be implemented with reference to this NDRC Rule. However
 there exist extensive uncertainties as to interpretation of the
NDRC Rule with respect to its application to a PRC individual's overseas investment and
 in practice
 we are not aware of any precedents
that a PRC individual's overseas investment has been approved by the NDRC or challenged by the NDRC based on the absence of NDRC
approval. Our current beneficial owners who are PRC individuals did not apply for NDRC approval for investment in us. We cannot
predict how and to what extent this will affect our business operations or future strategy. For example
 the failure of our shareholders
who are PRC individuals to comply with the NDRC Rule may subject these persons or our PRC subsidiary to certain liabilities under
PRC laws
 which could adversely affect our business.

Fluctuations
 have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 


 all of our
domestic sales are denominated in RMB and our export sales are denominated primarily in U.S. dollars. In addition
 we incur a portion
of our cost of sales in Euros
 U.S. dollars and Japanese yen in the course of our purchase of imported production equipment and
raw materials. The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by
 among other things
 changes in
China's political and economic conditions and China's foreign exchange policies. On July 21
 2005
 the PRC government changed its
decade-old policy of pegging the value of the RMB to the U.S. dollar. However
 the People's Bank of China regularly intervenes
in the foreign exchange market to limit fluctuations in RMB exchange rates and achieve policy goals. Following the removal of the
U.S. dollar peg in July 2005
 the RMB appreciated more than 20% against the U.S. dollar over the three years following such removal.
While international reaction to the RMB revaluation has generally been positive
 there remains significant international pressure
on the PRC government to adopt an even more flexible currency policy
 which could result in further and more significant appreciation
of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies. On June 19
 2010
 the People's Bank of China announced that it
will allow a more flexible exchange rate for the RMB without mentioning specific policy changes
 although it ruled out any large-scale
appreciation. It is difficult to predict how long the current situation may last and when and how the RMB exchange rates may change
going forward. As we rely entirely on dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries
 any significant revaluation of the RMB may
have a material adverse effect on our revenues and financial condition
 and the value of any dividends payable on our shares in
foreign currency terms. Furthermore
 appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RMB relative to the U.S. dollar would affect
our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business or results of
operations.


    
    



are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations
 we have not entered into any such hedging transactions.
Accordingly
 we cannot predict the impact of future exchange rate fluctuations on our results of operations and may incur net foreign
exchange losses in the future.

Governmental control
of currency conversion may affect the ability of our company to obtain working capital from our subsidiaries located in China and
the value of your investment. 


convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and
 in certain cases
 the remittance of currency out of China. We receive substantially
all of our revenues in RMB
 which currently is not a freely convertible currency. Under our current structure
 our income is primarily
derived from the operations of Henan Zhongpin. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict the ability of Henan
Zhongpin to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends or other payments to us
 or otherwise satisfy its foreign currency-denominated
obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations
 payments relating to &quot;current account transactions&quot;
 including
dividend payments
 interest payments and expenditures from trade-related transactions
 can be made in foreign currencies without
prior approval from SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However
 approval from appropriate government authorities
is required in those cases in which RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China in connection with &quot;capital
account transactions&quot;
 such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. Our PRC subsidiaries are able to
pay dividends in foreign currencies to us without prior approval from SAFE
 by complying with certain procedural requirements.
Our PRC subsidiaries may also retain foreign currency in their respective current account bank accounts for use in payment of international
current account transactions. However
 we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not take measures in the future to restrict
access to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining
sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands
 we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders.


    
    


Our PRC subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on making
payments to us
 which could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to pay dividends on our capital stock.


the State of Delaware and do not have any assets or conduct any business operations other than our investment in our operating
subsidiaries in China.&nbsp; As a result of our holding company structure
 we will rely entirely on contractual payments or dividends
from our PRC subsidiaries for our cash needs
 including the funds necessary to pay any dividends and other cash distributions to
our shareholders
 to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses.&nbsp; The payment of dividends by entities
established in China is subject to limitations. Regulations in China currently permit payment of dividends only out of accumulated
profits as determined in accordance with accounting standards and regulations in China. Each of our PRC subsidiaries
 including
Henan Zhongpin
 is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profit based on PRC accounting standards each year to its
general reserves or statutory capital reserve fund until the aggregate amount of such reserves reaches 50% of its respective registered
capital. As a result
 our PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to us in the
form of dividends
 loans or advances. We anticipate that in the foreseeable future our PRC subsidiaries will need to continue to
set aside 10% of their respective after-tax profits to their statutory reserves.&nbsp; Further
 as Henan Zhongpin and our other
subsidiaries in China have in the past
 and may in the future
 incur debt on their own
 the instruments governing such debt may
restrict such subsidiary's ability to make contractual or dividend payments to any parent corporation or other affiliated entity.&nbsp;
If we are unable to receive all of the funds we require for our operations through contractual or dividend arrangements with our
PRC subsidiaries
 we may not have sufficient cash flow to fund our corporate overhead and regulatory obligations in the United
States and may be unable to pay dividends on our shares of capital stock.

Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system could
adversely affect our ability to enforce our legal rights.


primarily through Henan Zhongpin
 our subsidiary in China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. We
are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and
 in particular
 laws applicable to
wholly foreign-owned enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes. Prior court decisions may be cited for reference
but have limited precedential value.


 PRC legislation
and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However
China has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently-enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all
aspects of economic activities in China. In particular
 because these laws and regulations are relatively new
 and because of the
limited volume of published decisions and their nonbinding nature
 the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations
involve uncertainties. In addition
 the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which
are not published on a timely basis or at all) that may have a retroactive effect. As a result
 we may not be aware of our violation
of these policies and rules until some time after the violation. The uncertainties regarding such regulations and policies present
risks that may affect our ability to achieve our business objectives. If we are unable to enforce any legal rights we may have
under our contracts or otherwise
 our ability to compete with other companies in our industry could be materially and adversely
affected. In addition
 any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources
and management attention.

It may be difficult to
effect service of process upon us or our directors or senior management who live in China or to enforce any judgments obtained
from non-PRC courts. 


and our assets are located within China. In addition
 all but one of our directors and all of our senior management personnel reside
in China
 where substantially all of their assets are located. You may experience difficulties in effecting service of process
upon us
 our directors or our senior management as it may not be possible to effect such service of process outside China. In addition
China does not have treaties with the United States and many other countries providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement
of court judgments. Therefore
 recognition and enforcement in China of judgments of a court in the United States or certain other
jurisdictions may be difficult or impossible.


    
    


Changes in China&rsquo;s labor law restrict our ability to
reduce our workforce in China in the event of an economic downturn and may increase our production costs.


 the National People's Congress
of China enacted new labor law legislation called the Labor Contract Law
 which became effective on January 1
 2008. On September
18
 2008
 the PRC State Council issued the implementing rules for the Labor Contract Law. The Labor Contract Law formalized workers'
rights concerning overtime hours
 pensions
 layoffs
 employment contracts and the role of trade unions. Considered one of the strictest
labor laws in the world
 among other things
 the Labor Contract Law provides for specific standards and procedures for the termination
of an employment contract and places the burden of proof on the employer. In addition
 the law requires the payment of a statutory
severance pay upon the termination of an employment contract in most cases
 including the case of the expiration of a fixed-term
employment contract. Further
 the law requires an employer to conclude an &quot;employment contract without a fixed-term&quot;
with any employee who either has worked for the same employer for 10 consecutive years or more or has had two consecutive fixed-term
contracts with the same employer. An &quot;employment contract without a fixed term&quot; can no longer be terminated on the ground
of the expiration of the contract
 although it can still be terminated pursuant to the standards and procedures set forth under
the Labor Contract Law. Finally
 under the Labor Contract Law
 downsizing of either more than 20 people or more than 10% of the
workforce may occur only under specified circumstances
 such as a restructuring undertaken pursuant to China's Enterprise Bankruptcy
Law
 or where a company suffers serious difficulties in production and/or business operations
 or where there has been a material
change in the objective economic circumstances relied upon by the parties at the time of the employment contract
 thereby making
the performance of such employment contract impossible. To date
 there has been very little guidance as to how such circumstances
for downsizing will be interpreted and enforced by the relevant PRC authorities. All of our employees working for us exclusively
within China are covered by the Labor Contract Law and thus
 our ability to adjust the size of our operations when necessary in
periods of recession or less severe economic downturns may be curtailed as a result of this regulation. Accordingly
 if we face
future periods of decline in business activity generally or adverse economic periods specific to our business
 we expect that the
Labor Contract Law will exacerbate the adverse effects of the economic environment on our results of operations and financial condition.

PRC regulation of loans and direct investment by offshore
holding companies to PRC entities may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds we received from our public offerings to make
loans to our PRC subsidiaries or to make additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries
 which could materially and adversely
affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 


our operations in China through our PRC subsidiaries. In utilizing the proceeds we received from any offering
 we plan to make
loans to our PRC subsidiaries
 whether currently in existence or to be formed in the future
 or make additional capital contributions
to our PRC subsidiaries.


cannot exceed statutory limits and must be registered with SAFE or its local counterparts. Under applicable PRC law
 the government
authorities must approve a foreign-invested enterprise's registered capital amount
 which represents the total amount of capital
contributions made by the shareholders that have registered with the registration authorities. In addition
 the authorities must
also approve the foreign-invested enterprise's total investment
 which is equal to the company's registered capital plus the amount
of shareholder loans it is permitted to borrow under the law. The ratio of registered capital to total investment cannot be lower
than the minimum statutory requirement. If we make loans to Henan Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd.
 our first-tier PRC subsidiary
 that
do not exceed its current maximum amount of borrowings
 we will have to register each loan with SAFE or its local counterpart for
the issuance of a registration certificate of foreign debts. In practice
 it could be time-consuming to complete such SAFE registration
process. Alternatively or concurrently with the loans
 we might make capital contributions to Henan Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd. and
such capital contributions involve uncertainties of their own. Further
 SAFE promulgated a circular (known as Circular 142) on
the Relevant Operating Issues Concerning the Improvement of the Administration of Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital
of Foreign-invested Enterprises in August 2008 with respect to the administration of conversion of foreign exchange capital contributions
of a foreign invested enterprise. The circular clarifies that RMB converted from foreign exchange capital contributions can only
be used for the activities within the approved business scope of such foreign invested enterprise and cannot be used for domestic
equity investments unless otherwise permitted.


    
    



government registrations or obtain the necessary government approvals on a timely basis
 if at all
 with respect to future loans
by us to our PRC subsidiaries or with respect to future capital contributions by us to our PRC subsidiaries. If we fail to complete
such registrations or obtain such approvals
 our ability to use the proceeds we receive from public offerings and to capitalize
or otherwise fund our PRC operations may be negatively affected
 which could adversely and materially affect our liquidity and
our ability to fund and expand our business.

We may be subject to fines and legal sanctions by SAFE or
other PRC government authorities if we or our employees who are PRC citizens fail to comply with PRC regulations relating to employee
stock incentive plan adopted by offshore listed companies for PRC citizens. 


 SAFE promulgated the Notice
on Issues concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Stock Incentive Plans of Offshore
Listed Companies
 or the Stock Option Rule
 which terminated the Operating Procedures for Foreign Exchange Administration of Domestic
Individuals Participating in Employee Stock Ownership Plans and Stock Option Plans of Offshore Listed Companies issued by SAFE
on March 28
 2007. Under the Stock Option Rule
 PRC citizens who participate in any stock incentive plan including employee stock
holding plans
 share option plans or similar plans in an offshore listed company are required
 through a Chinese agent which could
be a PRC subsidiary of the offshore listed company
 to register with the relevant local SAFE branch and complete certain other
procedures. We and our Chinese employees who have participated in our 2006 Equity Incentive Plan are subject to the Stock Option
Rule. Failure to comply with these regulations may subject us or our Chinese employees to fines or other legal sanctions imposed
by SAFE or other PRC government authorities. In addition
 the State Administration of Taxation has issued several circulars concerning
employee share options. Under these circulars
 our employees working in China who exercise our share options will be subject to
PRC individual income tax. Our PRC subsidiaries have obligations to make filings with relevant tax authorities related to employee
share options and withhold individual income taxes resulting from the exercise of their share options. If our employees fail to
pay and we fail to withhold their income taxes
 we may face sanctions imposed by tax authorizes or other PRC government authorities.

We may be classified as a &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo;
for PRC enterprise income tax purposes
 which could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders.


The new PRC Enterprise
Income Tax Law
 or the EIT Law
 that became effective January 1
 2008 provides that enterprises established outside of China whose
&quot;de facto management bodies&quot; are located in China are considered &quot;resident enterprises&quot; and are generally subject
to the uniform 25% enterprise income tax rate on their worldwide income. A recent circular issued by the PRC State Administration
of Taxation regarding the standards used to classify certain Chinese-invested enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC
group enterprises and established outside of China as &quot;resident enterprises&quot; clarified that dividends paid by such &quot;resident
enterprises&quot; and other income paid by such &quot;resident enterprises&quot; will be considered to be PRC source income
 subject
to PRC withholding tax
 currently at a rate of 10%
 when received or recognized by non-PRC resident enterprise shareholders. This
recent circular also subjects such &quot;resident enterprises&quot; to various reporting requirements with the PRC tax authorities.
Under the implementation regulations to the EIT Law
 a &quot;de facto management body&quot; is defined as a body that has material
and overall management and control over the manufacturing and business operations
 personnel and human resources
 finances and
assets of an enterprise. In addition
 the recent circular mentioned above specifies that certain Chinese-invested enterprises controlled
by PRC enterprises or PRC group enterprises will be classified as &quot;resident enterprises&quot; if the following are located
or resident in China: senior management personnel and departments that are responsible for daily production
 operation and management;
financial and personnel decision-making bodies; key properties
 accounting books
 company seal
 and minutes of board meetings and
shareholders' meetings; and half or more of senior management or directors having voting rights. However
 as this circular only
applies to enterprises established outside of China that are controlled by PRC enterprises or groups of PRC enterprises
 it remains
unclear how the tax authorities will determine the location of &quot;de facto management bodies&quot; for overseas incorporated
enterprises controlled by individual PRC residents like us. Therefore
 although substantially all of our management is currently
located in China
 we do not currently consider our company to be a PRC resident enterprise


    
    



we are a &quot;resident enterprise
&quot; a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow. First
 we will be subject
to income tax at the rate of 25% on our worldwide income. The impact of the imposition of such enterprise income tax will be mitigated
to the extent we can obtain a foreign tax credit for such taxes against our U.S. income tax liability on such income. Second
 although
under the EIT Law and its implementing rules
 dividends paid to us from our PRC subsidiaries would qualify as &quot;tax-exempted
income&quot;
 we cannot assure you that such dividends will not be subject to a 10% withholding tax
 as the PRC foreign exchange
control authorities
 which enforce the withholding tax
 have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound
remittances to entities that are treated as resident enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. Finally
 dividends payable
by us to our investors and gain on the sale of our shares may become subject to PRC withholding tax. In the case of dividends paid
to non-U.S. holders
 any PRC withholding tax on dividends may be in addition to U.S. withholding tax that could otherwise apply.
This could have the effect of increasing our effective income tax rate and could also have an adverse effect on our net income
and results of operations
 and may require us to withhold tax on our non-PRC shareholders

The discontinuation of the preferential tax treatments and
government subsidies available to us could decrease our net income and materially and adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. 


incorporated in China and are governed by PRC income tax laws and regulations. Prior to January 1
 2008
 entities established in
China were generally subject to a 30% national and 3% local enterprise income tax rate. Various preferential tax treatments promulgated
by national tax authorities were available to foreign-invested enterprises. Under the new PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law
 or the
EIT Law
 China has adopted a uniform enterprise income tax rate of 25% for all PRC enterprises (including foreign-invested enterprises).
Under the EIT Law and its implementation regulations
 income derived by an enterprise from the primary processing of agricultural
products (including slaughtering live hogs) could be exempt from enterprise income tax. Consequently
 a majority of our subsidiaries
in China that slaughter live hogs are exempted from enterprise income tax. For the year ended December 31
 2012
 the exempted income
before income tax was $44.0 million
 and the impact of income tax resulting from the exemption of net income from preliminary processing
of agricultural products was $11.0 million. Our other subsidiaries in China are subject to the uniform 25% tax rate in relation
to non-primary processing of agricultural products. We cannot assure you that the tax authorities will not change their position.
We cannot assure you that our PRC subsidiaries will continue to qualify for benefits under the EIT Law
 or that the local tax authorities
will not
 in the future
 change their position and revoke any of our past preferential tax treatments
 any of which could cause
our effective tax rate to increase
 cause our net income to decrease
 and materially and adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations.


    
    



 the central
and local PRC government has provided us with various subsidies to encourage our research and development activities
 building
new facilities using information technology
 building cold chain logistic and distribution networks
 and for other contributions
to the local community
 such as increasing employment opportunities. Subsidies granted to us by PRC governmental authorities are
subject to review and may be adjusted or revoked at any time in the future. The discontinuation or reduction of subsidies currently
available to us may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our auditor
 like other independent registered public accounting
firms operating in China
 is not permitted to be subject to inspection by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 and as
such
 investors may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection.


public accounting firm that issues the audit reports included in our annual reports filed with the SEC
 as an auditor of companies
that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States)
 or PCAOB
 is required by the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections by PCAOB to assess its compliance
with the laws of the United States and professional standards. Because our auditor is located in China
 a jurisdiction where PCAOB
is currently unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the PRC authorities
 our auditor
 like other independent registered
public accounting firms operating in China
 is currently not inspected by PCAOB.


that PCAOB has conducted outside of China have identified deficiencies in those firms&rsquo; audit procedures and quality control
procedures
 which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. The inability of PCAOB to
conduct inspections of independent registered public accounting firms operating in China makes it more difficult to evaluate the
effectiveness of our auditor&rsquo;s audit procedures or quality control procedures. As a result
 investors may be deprived of
the benefits of PCAOB inspections.



There can be no assurance that the definitive merger agreement
entered into with respect to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer&rsquo;s going private proposal and the transactions contemplated
thereunder will be approved by stockholders or successfully consummated. Potential uncertainty involving the going private transaction
and other related matters
 including lawsuits
 may adversely affect our business.


 2012
 our
Board of Directors received a preliminary non-binding proposal from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Xianfu Zhu
 to
buy all of the shares of our common stock not currently owned by him for $13.50 per share (the &ldquo;Proposed Buyout&rdquo;).
Following receipt of the proposal
 our Board of Directors formed a special committee of independent directors to consider the proposal
and any amendments thereto as well as any alternative proposals.&nbsp;On November 26
 2012
 we entered into a definitive Agreement
and Plan of Merger with Golden Bridge Holdings Limited
 a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability (&ldquo;Parent&rdquo;)
Golden Bridge Merger Sub Limited
 a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;) and Mr.
Xianfu Zhu
 which was subsequently amended and restated on February 8
 2013 (the &ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the
Merger Agreement and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the transactions contemplated thereby
 at the effective
time of the merger
 each share of our common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than shares
owned by (i) Parent or Merger Sub
 (ii) Mr. Xianfu Zhu
 Mr. Baoke Ben
 Mr. Chaoyang Liu
 Mr. Qinghe Wang
 Mr. Shuichi Si and Ms.
Juanjuan Wang (collectively
 the &ldquo;Rollover Holders&rdquo;)
 (iii) our company or any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
of us or (iv) stockholders who have properly exercised and perfected appraisal rights under Delaware law)
 will be converted automatically
into the right to receive $13.50 in cash (the &ldquo;Per Share Merger Consideration&rdquo;)
 without interest. Collectively
 the
Rollover Holders own approximately 26% of our outstanding common stock. The Per Share Merger Consideration of $13.50 represents
a premium of approximately 47% over the closing price on March 26
 2012
 the last trading day prior to our March 27
 2012 announcement
of the Proposed Buyout.


    
    



the going private transaction contemplated thereunder is required to be approved by affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of our common stock and a majority of outstanding shares of our common stock other than shares of our
common stock owned by Parent
 Merger Sub
 the Rollover Holders
 and their respective affiliates at a stockholders&rsquo; meeting.
There can be no assurance that the going private transaction will be approved by sufficient affirmative vote.


 whether
or not consummated
 presents a risk of diverting management focus
 employee attention and resources from other strategic opportunities
and from operational matters. Additionally
 we and members of our Board of Directors have been named in a number of purported shareholder
class action complaints relating to Mr. Xianfu Zhu's proposal as more fully described in &ldquo;Item&nbsp;3 - Legal Proceedings&rdquo;.
&nbsp;These lawsuits or any future lawsuits may become time consuming and expensive. These matters
 alone or in combination
 may
harm our business.

We have not paid any cash dividends and no cash dividends
will be paid in the foreseeable future.

Henan
Zhongpin
 a deemed predecessor to our company and our subsidiary in China
 paid cash dividends to its shareholders in 2002 and
2003.&nbsp; However
 we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and we may not have
sufficient funds legally available to pay dividends.&nbsp; Even if the funds are legally available for distribution
 we may nevertheless
decide not to pay
 or may be unable to pay
 any dividends.&nbsp; We intend to retain all earnings for our company's operations

The market price for our common stock may be volatile and
subject to wide fluctuations
 which may adversely affect the price at which you can sell our shares.

The
market price for our common stock may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors including the following:














announcements by us or our competitors of new products
 acquisitions
 strategic partnerships
 joint ventures or capital commitments;














    
    




 certain
short sellers and other funds
 have in the past
 and may again in the future
 take a short position or positions in our shares
for the specific purpose of driving down our share price. Short sellers may also publish articles or other allegations in conjunction
with such attacks. Even when there is no truth to their claims and we rebut their allegations
 such attacks can have a material
impact on our share price and divert management resources and attention. The securities market has also experienced significant
price and volume fluctuations from time to time that are not related to the operating performance of particular companies. These
market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our stock.

Future sales of shares
of our common stock may decrease the price for such shares. 


has the discretion to issue additional securities with an aggregate offering price of up to $179
500
000
 and up to 9
562
505
shares of our common stock may be sold by selling shareholders under our registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-171093).
Actual sales of such shares
 or the prospect of sales of such shares by the holders of such shares
 may have a negative effect
on the market price of the shares of our common stock. Pending the completion of the proposed going private transaction
 we may
also register for resale additional outstanding shares of our common stock or shares that are reserved for issuance under our
stock option plan. Once such shares are registered
 they can be freely sold in the public market. If any of our shareholders either
individually or in the aggregate cause a large number of securities to be sold in the public market
 or if the market perceives
that these holders intend to sell a large number of securities
 such sales or anticipated sales could result in a substantial
reduction in the trading price of shares of our common stock and could also impede our ability to raise future capital.

Unresolved
Staff Comments




    
    


Item 2. &ndash; Properties





relating to our corporate offices and other facilities.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 Changxing Road 
 Henan province
622
650
    

    plant

    
    
    
    


 Changxing Road 
 Henan province
676
804
    

 vegetable and fruit products
    processing plant

    
    
    
    


 Changxing Road 
 Henan province
545
325
    

 warehouse and
    prepared meat processing plant

    
    
    
    


 Changxing Road 
 Henan province
95
667
    
    

    
    
    
    


 North Weiwu Road 
 Henan province
2
142
475
    

 warehouse and
    processing facility for vegetables and fruits

    
    
    
    


 Heshangqiao town

    Changge City
 Henan province
1
435
189
    
    

    
    
    
    


 Tangyin County 
 Henan province
1
684
589
    
    

    
    
    
    


 Cangshan County 
 Sichuan province
717
604
    
    

    
    
    
    

Suiping City
 Henan province
1
771
483
    
    

    
    
    
    



    Luoyang City
 Henan province
1
653
432
    
    

    
    
    
    

Yongcheng City
 Henan province
1
711
293
    
    

    
    
    
    



    Jinghai Tianjin
1
435
200
    

    logistic center
 warehouse
 prepared meat processing plant
 and research and development center



    
    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 Jiangyan 
    Economy Development Area
 
    Taizhou
 Jiangsu province
1
426
340
    

    plant
 logistic center
 warehouse
 prepared meat processing plant

    
    
    
    


 Nong&rsquo;an Industry Park
 
    Nong&rsquo;an
 Jilin province
1
500
000
    

    logistic center
 warehouse
 prepared meat processing plant

    
    
    
    


 Zhangpu town
 
    Kunshan
 Jiangsu province 
1
076
261
    

 warehouse

    
    
    
    


 Tangyin County
 
    Anyang
 Henan province
1
630
200
    

 warehouse






Calculated based upon the measurements
                                                            of the land upon which the facility is situated.


According to the laws of China
 the government
                                                            owns all of the land in China and companies or individuals are authorized
                                                            to use the land only through land use rights granted by the PRC government.
                                                            We have long-term leases with the PRC government affording us the
                                                            right to use the land on which our production facilities are located.
                                                            With respect to those properties in this table for which our ownership
                                                            status is &ldquo;owned
&rdquo; we own all of the buildings and other
                                                            land improvements on the land.


These properties are pledged to secure some of our outstanding



Item 3. &ndash; Legal
Proceedings


 2012
 we announced that our
Board of Directors had received a preliminary
 non-binding proposal from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Xianfu Zhu
stating that Mr. Zhu intended to seek to purchase the remaining shares of our company that he does not presently own (the &ldquo;Proposed
Buyout&rdquo;). Following this announcement
 at least three lawsuits have been filed in Delaware naming the members of our Board
of Directors and/or us as defendants. On November 26
 2012
 we announced that we had entered into a definitive merger agreement
with Golden Bridge Holdings Limited
 a Cayman Islands exempted company (&ldquo;Parent&rdquo;)
 Golden Bridge Merger Sub Limited
a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;) and Mr. Xianfu Zhu (the &ldquo;Merger
Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the transactions
contemplated thereby
 at the effective time of the merger
 each share of our common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the effective time (other than shares owned by (i) Parent or Merger Sub
 (ii) Mr. Xianfu Zhu
 Mr. Baoke Ben
 Mr. Chaoyang Liu
Mr. Qinghe Wang
 Mr. Shuichi Si and Ms. Juanjuan Wang
 (iii) us or any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of us or (iv)
stockholders who have properly exercised and perfected appraisal rights under Delaware law)
 will be converted automatically into
the right to receive $13.50 in cash
 without interest. Following the November 2012 announcement of the Merger Agreement
 one additional
lawsuit was filed in Delaware naming as defendants the members of our Board of Directors
 us
 Parent
 and Merger Sub. It is possible
that more lawsuits will occur.&nbsp;The resolution of any of these lawsuits
 claims or legal proceedings could materially and
adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial position. The terms and conditions of applicable bylaws
 certificates
or articles of incorporation
 agreements or applicable law may obligate us to indemnify our directors
 officers or employees with
respect to certain of the matters described below.


    
    



 2012
 a verified shareholder
class action lawsuit was filed by Phillip Meeks in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against us and members of our
Board of Directors
 alleging that
 
 our Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with
the Proposed Buyout
 and that the price per share proposed by Mr. Zhu represented inadequate consideration in light of our company&rsquo;s
intrinsic value and future prospects
 and that we aided and abetted the breach of fiduciary duties. The plaintiff seeks damages
declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing us from proceeding with the Proposed Buyout or any transaction
with Mr. Zhu
 as well as an award of plaintiffs&rsquo; attorneys&rsquo; fees and costs. We believe that none of the defendants
has yet responded to the complaint.


 2012
 a verified shareholder
class action lawsuit was filed by Richard Bauschard in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against members of our Board
of Directors
 alleging that
 
 our Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the
Proposed Buyout
 and that the price per share proposed by Mr. Zhu represented inadequate consideration in light of our company&rsquo;s
intrinsic value and future prospects. The plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order
preventing the defendants from proceeding with the Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu
 as well as an award of plaintiffs&rsquo;
attorneys&rsquo; fees and costs. We believe that none of the defendants has yet responded to the complaint.


 2012
 a verified shareholder
class action lawsuit was filed by Harry Vonderlieth in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against us and members of
our Board of Directors
 alleging that
 
 our Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties to our shareholders
in connection with the Proposed Buyout 
 and that the price per share proposed by Mr. Zhu represented inadequate consideration
in light of our company&rsquo;s intrinsic value and future prospects
 and that we aided and abetted the breach of fiduciary duties.
The plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing us from proceeding with the
Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu
 as well as an award of plaintiffs&rsquo; attorneys&rsquo; fees and costs. We
believe that none of the defendants has yet responded to the complaint.


 2012
 after
the announcement on November 26
 2012 of our entering into the Merger Agreement
 a verified shareholder class action lawsuit
was filed by Ernesto Rodriguez in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against us and members of our Board
of Directors
 Parent and Merger Sub
 alleging that
 
 our Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties
to our shareholders in connection with the Proposed Buyout and the Merger Agreement
 and that the price per share and
other terms provided for in the Merger Agreement are inadequate and unfair in light of our company&rsquo;s intrinsic value
and future prospects
 and that we
 Parent and Merger Sub aided and abetted the breach of fiduciary duties. The plaintiff
seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing us from proceeding with the Proposed
Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu
 as well as an award of plaintiffs&rsquo; attorneys&rsquo; fees and costs. We
believe that none of the defendants has yet responded to the complaint.


class action litigation vigorously.


    
    



regarding loss contingencies
 see Note 15 &ldquo;Commitments and Contingencies&rdquo; in the Notes to our audited financial statements.&nbsp;
With respect to the legal proceedings and claims described above
 such litigation is still in its preliminary stages and the final
outcome
 including our liability
 if any
 with respect to such litigation
 is uncertain.&nbsp; In addition
 it is not currently
possible to determine the maximum potential amount under the indemnification provisions under the terms and conditions of applicable
bylaws
 certificates or articles of incorporation
 agreements or applicable law due to the limited history of prior indemnification
claims and the preliminary stages of the litigation.&nbsp; At present
 we are unable to estimate a reasonably possible range of
loss
 if any
 that may result from such litigation. If an unfavorable outcome were to occur in the litigation described above
the impact could be material to our business
 financial condition
 or results of operations.

Item 4. &ndash;Mine
Safety Disclosure




    
    




Item 5. &ndash;&#9;Market for
Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on December 27
 2007 under the symbol &ldquo;HOGS.&rdquo; From January 31
 2006 to December
26
 2007
 our shares traded on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol &ldquo;ZHNP.&rdquo;


information about the range of high and low sales prices for our common stock based upon reports of transactions on the NASDAQ
Global Select Market for each full quarterly period during the period January 1
 2011 to December 31
 2012.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commissions and may not represent actual transactions. The high and
low prices listed have been rounded up to the next highest two decimal places.


 2013
 there were approximately
44 holders of record of our common stock. On March&nbsp;11
 2013
 the closing sale price of our common stock as reported by the
NASDAQ Global Select Market was $12.86 per share.


and 2002 by Henan Zhongpin
 which is a deemed predecessor to our company and our subsidiary in China
 we have never paid or declared
any dividend on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result of our
holding company structure
 we would rely entirely on contractual or dividend payments from our PRC subsidiaries for our cash flow
to pay dividends on our common stock. The PRC government imposes controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and
the remittance of currencies out of China
 which also may affect our ability to pay cash dividends in the future. See &quot;Item
1A. Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Conducting Business in China - Governmental control of currency conversion may affect the
ability of our company to obtain working capital from our subsidiaries located in China and the value of your investment
&quot;
&quot;- Our PRC subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on making payments to us
 which could adversely affect our cash flow
and our ability to pay dividends on our capital stock&quot; and Note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements. In addition
under our loan agreement with China Merchants Bank that terminates in November 2014
 Henan Zhongpin is prohibited from paying
dividends without consent of the bank
 and the dividends to be paid cannot exceed 50% of the distributable dividends during the
term of the loan agreement. Under two of our loan agreements with Agriculture Bank of China that terminate in December 2014
 Henan
Zhongpin is prohibited from paying dividends if Henan Zhongpin fails to pay the portion of principal amount and interests of the
loan that are due each year during the term of the loan agreements.


    
    



fourth quarter ended December 31
 2012. In July 2011
 we announced that the Board of Directors had authorized a Stock Repurchase
Program to repurchase up to $10 million of our common stock from July 2011 through July 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;In August 2011
 the dollar
amount approved under the Stock Repurchase Program was raised to $40 million and the expiration date was extended to August 2012.
The Stock Repurchase Program expired in August 2012.




total return on our common stock
 the NASDAQ Composite Index and a peer group over the period commencing on December 31
 2007
and ending on December 31
 2012. The peer group is comprised of companies that are engaged in the production and sale of meat
products (SIC Code 2011)
 and includes Hormel Foods Corporation
 Plandai Biotechnology Inc. and Tyson Foods Inc.


of the investment in the common stock of each index was $100 and that all dividends were reinvested. This graph is not necessarily
indicative of future price performance.




    
    



is not deemed to be &ldquo;soliciting material&rdquo; or to be &ldquo;filed&rdquo; with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or
14C under the Exchange Act or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act
 and will not be deemed to be incorporated
by reference into any filings under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent we specifically
incorporate it by reference into such a filing.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans 


 2006
 our board of directors
and shareholders adopted and approved
 and on February 27
 2007
 our Board of Directors and shareholders approved the amendment
and restatement of
 our 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the &quot;Incentive Plan&quot;). The Incentive Plan allows for awards of stock
options
 restricted stock grants and share appreciation rights for up to 1
800
000 shares of common stock. On April 21
 2008
the Compensation Committee of our board of directors approved
 and on June 26
 2008 our shareholders approved
 an amendment to
the Incentive Plan for the purpose of increasing the authorized shares from 1
800
000 shares to 2
500
000 shares.


 2012
 options to purchase
an aggregate of 1
003
333 shares of common stock had been granted under the Incentive Plan. Options granted in the future under
the Incentive Plan are within the discretion of our board of directors. For more information about the shares of common stock
authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan
 please see &ldquo;Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters - Equity Compensation Plan Information.&rdquo;

Item 6. &ndash; Selected
Financial Data


consolidated income statement data for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 and the selected consolidated balance
sheet data as of December&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Report. These consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere
in this Report. Our selected consolidated income statement data for the years ended December 31
 2009 and 2008 and the selected
consolidated balance sheet data as of December&nbsp;31
 2010
 2009 and 2008 have been derived from our audited financial statements
which are not included in this Report. The historical results presented below are not necessarily indicative of the results that
may be expected in any future period.



    

    31


    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 except per share amounts)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
639
603
1
456
208
946
720
726
037
539
825

    
153
386
151
329
110
729
86
478
68
561

    
72
381
86
404
64
286
52
908
36
781

    
44
069
64
221
58
280
45
590
31
377

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 Plant
 Equipment
470
448
427
930
291
567
189
589
133
868

    
1
218
635
991
269
638
681
498
112
329
783

    
101
793
97
261
83
672
44
913
23
475

    
547
438
504
206
370
994
296
843
190
914




    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
879
760
874
760
673
760
584
760
501
560

    
30
000
30
000
30
000
30
000
12
600

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
654
831
538
263
498
074
402
261
240
963

    
13
132
15
774
19
259
17
896
13
409

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
639
268
532
587
495
159
388
647
239
669

    
15
427
17
668
20
497
16
825
13
472

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
490
3
428
3
326
3
205
3
061

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    








consolidated income statement data for each full quarter within the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011 have been derived
from our unaudited quarterly consolidated financial statements which are not included in this Report. These consolidated financial
data should be read in conjunction with &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations&rdquo; and the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Report. The historical results presented
below are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in any future period.



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 in thousands
 except per share amounts)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
441
519
415
745
408
212
374
127
1
639
603

    
42
791
39
498
35
621
35
476
153
386

    
16
834
18
280
17
732
19
535
72
381

    
9
848
11
043
10
981
12
197
44
069

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    




    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 in thousands
 except per share amounts)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
405
886
398
086
366
453
285
783
1
456
208

    
36
230
40
037
39
146
35
916
151
329

    
15
252
24
726
23
642
22
784
86
404

    
9
700
18
323
19
315
16
883
64
221

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


Item 7. &ndash; Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations




to provide significant highlights of the discussion and analysis that follows.


In 2012
 compared to 2011
 net revenues increased 13%
                                                                    to $1
639.6 million and net income decreased 31% to $44.1
                                                                    million. In 2011
 compared to 2010
 net revenues increased
                                                                    54% to $1
456.2 million and net income increased 10% to $64.2
                                                                    million.


In 2012
 compared to 2011
 basic earnings per share decreased
                                                                    29% to $1.18 and diluted earnings per share decreased 29%
                                                                    to $1.18. In 2011
 compared to 2010
 basic earnings per share
                                                                    decreased 0.6% to $1.66 and diluted earnings per share increased
                                                                    0.6% to $1.66.


We made solid progress executing our long-term growth
                                                                    strategy
 which focuses on expanding our production capacity
                                                                    building a well-known brand
 exploiting our sales capabilities
                                                                    by accessing more retail outlets and sales channels.


We believe that the following trends characterized the
                                                                    meat processing industry in China during 2012: consumers paid
                                                                    more attention to food safety; the competition increased;
                                                                    and pressure from the PRC government caused consolidation
                                                                    in the industry to accelerate. We expect these trends to continue
                                                                    in 2013.


    
    





and food processing and distribution business in China. Currently
 we have 15 processing plants in China located in Henan
 Jiangsu
Jilin and Sichuan provinces and in the municipality of Tianjin. Our current total production capacity for chilled pork and frozen
pork is approximately 1
899.3 metric tons per average eight-hour day
 or approximately 683
760 metric tons on an annual basis.
In addition
 we have production capacity for prepared meats of approximately 488.9 metric tons per eight-hour day
 or approximately
176
000 metric tons on an annual basis
 and for vegetables and fruits of approximately 83.3 metric tons per eight-hour day
 or
approximately 30
000 metric tons on an annual basis. We have annual production capacity for food oil (pork oil) of approximately
20
000 metric tons. We also have annual production capacity for 100 million meters of sausage casings and 300 billion units of
raw material to make heparin sodium. We use state-of-the-art equipment in all of our processing facilities.


 as of March
1
 2013
 the annual production capacity of our processing plants based on an eight-hour working day.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

 Henan province
81
760

    

 Henan province
72
000

    

 Henan province
85
000

    

 Henan province
70
000

    
    
100
000

    

 Jiangsu province
100
000

    

 Jilin province
95
000

    

 Henan province
80
000

    
    
683
760

    
    
    

    

 Henan province
140
000

    
    
36
000

    
    
176
000

    
    
    

    

 Henan province
30
000

    
    
    

    

 Henan province
20
000

    
    
    

    

 Henan province
100 million
                                                   meters

    
    
    

    

 Henan province
300 billion
                                                   units



our production capacity to seize additional market share. As a result
 we put into operation
 are currently constructing
 or plan
to construct
 additional production facilities in different parts of China.


We
                                                                                                              put a new facility
                                                                                                              in Changge with
                                                                                                              production capacity
                                                                                                              for 100 million
                                                                                                              meters of sausage
                                                                                                              casings and 300
                                                                                                              billion units of
                                                                                                              raw material to
                                                                                                              make heparin sodium
                                                                                                              into operation in
                                                                                                              November 2012.


    
    



We
                                                                                                              are investing approximately
                                                                                                              $18.0 million in
                                                                                                              a cold chain logistic
                                                                                                              distribution center
                                                                                                              in Anyang
 Henan
                                                                                                              province. This distribution
                                                                                                              center will have
                                                                                                              a 27
000 square
                                                                                                              meters temperature
                                                                                                              adjustable warehouse
                                                                                                              processing capacity
                                                                                                              distribution center
                                                                                                              and quality control
                                                                                                              center. This distribution
                                                                                                              center will be used
                                                                                                              for third party
                                                                                                              cold chain logistic
                                                                                                              service. We expect
                                                                                                              to put this distribution
                                                                                                              center into operation
                                                                                                              in the third quarter
                                                                                                              of 2013.


We
                                                                                                                            are
                                                                                                                            investing
                                                                                                                            approximately
                                                                                                                            $87.5
                                                                                                                            million
                                                                                                                            in
                                                                                                                            a
                                                                                                                            chilled
                                                                                                                            and
                                                                                                                            frozen
                                                                                                                            food
                                                                                                                            processing
                                                                                                                            and
                                                                                                                            distribution
                                                                                                                            center
                                                                                                                            in
                                                                                                                            Kunshan
                                                                                                                            Jiangsu
                                                                                                                            province
                                                                                                                            which
                                                                                                                            is
                                                                                                                            near
                                                                                                                            Shanghai
                                                                                                                            city.
                                                                                                                            The
                                                                                                                            whole
                                                                                                                            center
                                                                                                                            will
                                                                                                                            be
                                                                                                                            built
                                                                                                                            in
                                                                                                                            three
                                                                                                                            phases.
                                                                                                                            The
                                                                                                                            first
                                                                                                                            phase
                                                                                                                            will
                                                                                                                            include
                                                                                                                            a
                                                                                                                            processing
                                                                                                                            center
                                                                                                                            cold
                                                                                                                            chain
                                                                                                                            logistics
                                                                                                                            center
                                                                                                                            and
                                                                                                                            business
                                                                                                                            complex.
                                                                                                                            We
                                                                                                                            invested
                                                                                                                            about
                                                                                                                            $35.0
                                                                                                                            million
                                                                                                                            on
                                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                                            first
                                                                                                                            phase
                                                                                                                            and
                                                                                                                            put
                                                                                                                            it
                                                                                                                            into
                                                                                                                            operation
                                                                                                                            in
                                                                                                                            February
                                                                                                                            2013.


We are investing
                                                                                                              approximately $58.5
                                                                                                              million to build
                                                                                                              a new production
                                                                                                              research and development
                                                                                                              and training complex
                                                                                                              in Changge
 Henan
                                                                                                              province excluding
                                                                                                              the cost of land
                                                                                                              use rights that
                                                                                                              we have already
                                                                                                              obtained. When completed
                                                                                                              we anticipate that
                                                                                                              this new facility
                                                                                                              will have a production
                                                                                                              capacity of approximately
                                                                                                              100
000 metric tons
                                                                                                              for prepared pork
                                                                                                              products. Adjacent
                                                                                                              to this new production
                                                                                                              facility
 we also
                                                                                                              plan to develop
                                                                                                              a center for research
                                                                                                              and development
                                                                                                              training
 as well
                                                                                                              as quality assurance
                                                                                                              and control. Construction
                                                                                                              for the first phase
                                                                                                              with a production
                                                                                                              capacity of approximately
                                                                                                              50
000 metric tons
                                                                                                              for prepared pork
                                                                                                              products started
                                                                                                              in the second quarter
                                                                                                              of 2011 and was
                                                                                                              completed in the
                                                                                                              second quarter of
                                                                                                              2012. We started
                                                                                                              trial production
                                                                                                              in this facility
                                                                                                              in July 2012
 and
                                                                                                              started the regular
                                                                                                              production at the
                                                                                                              end of the third
                                                                                                              quarter of 2012.


We
                                                                                                              established a joint
                                                                                                              venture company
                                                                                                              of which we own
                                                                                                              65%
 with Henan
                                                                                                              Xinda Animal Husbandry
                                                                                                              Company Limited
                                                                                                              in June 2011. The
                                                                                                              joint venture company
                                                                                                              is financed by capital
                                                                                                              contributions and
                                                                                                              bank loans. All
                                                                                                              capital contributions
                                                                                                              to the joint venture
                                                                                                              company have been
                                                                                                              made. We expect
                                                                                                              the new company
                                                                                                              will provide 20
000
                                                                                                              sire boars annually.
                                                                                                              Upon the completion
                                                                                                              of the building
                                                                                                              of infrastructures
                                                                                                              for sire boars breeding
                                                                                                              in the third quarter
                                                                                                              of 2012
 we leased
                                                                                                              the facility to
                                                                                                              a third party for
                                                                                                              annual rental in
                                                                                                              the amount of RMB5.0
                                                                                                              million.


We will be investing
                                                                                                              approximately $47.6
                                                                                                              million to build
                                                                                                              a cold-chain logistic
                                                                                                              distribution center
                                                                                                              in Tangshan
 Hebei
                                                                                                              province. This distribution
                                                                                                              center will have
                                                                                                              a 27
000 square
                                                                                                              meters temperature
                                                                                                              adjustable warehouse
                                                                                                              processing capacity
                                                                                                              distribution center
                                                                                                              and quality control
                                                                                                              center. This distribution
                                                                                                              center will be used
                                                                                                              for third-party
                                                                                                              cold-chain logistics
                                                                                                              service. We expect
                                                                                                              to put this distribution
                                                                                                              center into operation
                                                                                                              in the fourth quarter
                                                                                                              of 2013.


to achieve synergies in certain areas
 including the purchase of raw materials
 logistics and marketing. To further expand our
business and to upgrade the &quot;Zhongpin&quot; brand from a regional brand to a national brand
 we intend to expand our production
into other provinces in which pork is traditionally consumed in significant quantities and in which there is a sufficient hog
supply. In an effort to minimize our risk and the potential of losses when expanding into new markets
 in the past
 we have entered
certain markets by leasing
 rather than purchasing or constructing
 our production facilities because we believe that
 even after
conducting comprehensive market research and professional due diligence
 there is significant risk that a market will not generate
the level of sales we expect. In the future
 we would like to replicate our success in Henan province in other provinces in northern
and eastern China where we would like to build capacity clusters similar to the cluster we constructed in Henan province. We intend
to lease
 acquire or build new facilities to support the development of our target markets.


    
    



71%
 77% and 77% for 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. The capacity utilization rate is calculated by using our production quantity
divided by our weighted average capacity in each year. Our capacity utilization rate fluctuated during those periods due to the
supply of live hogs and raw materials in certain periods
 the price fluctuation for live hogs in different areas near our production
facilities
 our maintenance of machinery and facilities
 and our sales capability. Our ability to maintain higher utilization
rates is also impacted by how quickly we are able to ramp up production at newly constructed facilities and how quickly the market
for our products develops in new target geographies. Our target capacity utilization rate at our production facilities is approximately
75% for chilled and frozen pork products facilities and approximately 80% for prepared pork products facilities. The utilization
rate dropped in 2012
 because some new production facilities were just put into operation at the end of 2011 and beginning of
2012. We anticipate that it will typically require three to six months for utilization rates at our new production facilities
to reach our target utilization rate.


brand name. As of December 31
 2012
 our customers included 156 international and domestic fast food companies in China
 162 processing
factories and 1
389 school cafeterias
 factory canteens
 hotels
 army bases
 hospitals and government departments. At such date
we also sold directly to 3
490 retail outlets
 including supermarkets
 within China.


in 20 provinces and in the four central government administered-municipalities of Beijing
 Shanghai
 Tianjin and Chongqing in
the North
 East
 South and Mid-South regions of China
 and have also formed strategic business alliances with leading supermarket
chains within China. We also export our products to Europe
 Hong Kong as well as other selected countries and regions in Asia.




condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses. We continually evaluate our policies
and estimation procedures. Estimates are often based on historical experience and on assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances
 but which could change in the future. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions.


as those that are reflective of significant judgments
 estimates and uncertainties
 and potentially result in materially different
results under different assumptions and conditions. We believe the following are our critical accounting policies:

 Revenues
generated from the sale of various meat products and vegetables and fruits are recognized when these products are delivered to
customers in accordance with previously-agreed-upon pricing and delivery arrangements
 and the collectability of these sales is
reasonably assured. Since the products sold by us are primarily perishable and frozen food products
 the right of return is only
valid for a few days and has been determined to be insignificant by our management. Accordingly
 no provision has been made for
returnable goods. Revenues presented on our consolidated income statements are net of sales taxes.

Accounts
During the normal course of business
 our policy is to ask customers to make deposits in reasonable
and meaningful amounts on a case-by-case basis. We have established strict credit policies to manage the credit we give to our
customers
 and we give different credit terms and credit limits to different types of customers in different sales channels. For
supermarket customers
 the credit terms are generally two to four weeks. For showcase stores and branded stores
 the credit terms
are generally cash sales within one week. For food distributors
 the credit terms are generally two to four weeks. For restaurants
and food service customers
 the credit terms are from one week to one month. These credit terms are subject to negotiation if
requested by our customers
 and credit limits vary depending on the credit worthiness and sales volume of the individual customers
which may be increased at times to accommodate for deteriorating economic circumstances. Any adjustment must be approved and credit
limits are frequently reviewed by designated management.


    
    



creditworthiness of each of our customers in accordance with the prevailing practice in the meat industry
 considering factors
such as general economic conditions and industry-specific economic conditions in China
 historical customer performance
 as well
as anticipated customer performance. We maintain a general policy of providing 100% allowance for doubtful accounts in an amount
equal to the aggregate amount of those accounts that are not collected within one year plus an amount equal to 5% of the aggregate
amount of accounts receivable less than one year old. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed
 the receivable is
written off against the allowance. We also examine the credit terms of significant customers regularly and ask for more cash deposits
if these customers appear to have any indicators of delaying their payments to us. Such deposits are usually applied towards the
outstanding accounts receivable. The focus of our collection effort is on receivable balances less than one year old
 as a receivable
over a year old has typically been insignificant compared to the total gross receivable. With such a practice in place
 we did
not have any specific bad debt allowance provided against specific customers as of December 31
 2012.

Inventories.
Inventories are comprised of raw materials and low-value consumables
 work-in-progress
 and finished goods. Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or market-based prices according to the weighted average method. Production cost components include
the purchase cost of live hogs
 direct labor
 depreciation
 packaging material
 utility expense and other manufacturing overhead.
By using a systematic costing system
 the production cost is allocated to various products at the stage of work-in-progress and
finished goods
 respectively. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price
 in the ordinary course of business
 less estimated
costs to complete and dispose. We regularly inspect the shelf life of prepared foods and
 if necessary
 write down their carrying
value based on their salability and expiration dates as cost of goods sold.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets.
We review long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use
and eventual disposition of that asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows
the carrying amount is compared to its fair value and an impairment charge is recognized to the extent of the difference. Factors
that we consider important which could individually or in combination trigger an impairment review include the following: (1)
significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; (2) significant changes in
the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business; and (3) negative industry or economic trends.
On an annual basis
 we assess whether events or changes in circumstances occur that potentially indicate that the carrying value
of long-lived assets may not be recoverable. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 impairment loss of long-lived
assets were $2
712
908
 nil and nil
 respectively

Income
We recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
the future tax consequence attributable to the difference between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts
in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rate expected to apply to
taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences between the book and tax bases of recorded assets and liabilities
are expected to be recovered or settled. If it is more likely than not some portion or all of the net deferred tax asset will
not be realized
 the deferred tax asset will be reduced by a valuation allowance. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date.


    
    


We were established
under the laws of the State of Delaware and are subject to U.S. federal income tax and Delaware state income tax. Falcon Link
was established under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and is not subject to income tax in accordance with the laws and
Virgin Islands. Our other operating subsidiaries
 which are
located in China
 are subject to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax (&quot;EIT&quot;) Law
 which was effective January 1
 2008 and
has a uniform statutory tax rate of 25%. Under the EIT law
 income derived by an enterprise primarily from the processing of agricultural
products (including slaughtering live hogs) is exempt from EIT. Consequently
 the majority of our subsidiaries in China that engage
in the slaughtering of live hogs are exempted from EIT. Such exempted income before income tax is deemed as part of a permanent
difference for the purpose of determining the proper income tax provision. Our remaining subsidiaries in China are subject to
 Our subsidiary
in Hong Kong is subject to Hong Kong profits tax of 16.5%. 


income tax return concept in China. As a result
 if one subsidiary has net income
 that net income cannot be offset by the loss
incurred by another subsidiary within the group of companies consolidated for financial reporting purposes. Similarly
 if one
subsidiary has a net operating loss
 that net operating loss cannot be offset by the net income in another subsidiary within the
group of companies consolidated for financial reporting purposes.


 2012
2011 and 2010
 there were no unrecognized tax benefits or interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions recorded in income
tax expense. We have no unrecognized tax benefit included in the consolidated balance sheet that would
 if recognized
 affect
the effective tax rate.

Value
In addition to Enterprise Income Tax
 our operating subsidiaries located in China are also subject
to value added tax imposed by the PRC government on their domestic product sales. The output VAT is charged to customers
who purchase goods from us and the input VAT is paid when we purchase goods from our vendors. The input VAT can be offset
against the output VAT
 however
 due to the PRC government prescribed ceiling on how much input VAT an enterprise may deduct
in any given month
 an input VAT recoverable balance is generated
 to be offset against future output VAT. Similar to EIT
VAT recoverable cannot be utilized by another subsidiary within the group of companies consolidated for financial
reporting purposes. On a quarterly basis
 we forecast for each subsidiary separately the amount of sales revenue necessary to
fully utilize the VAT recoverable. Once the VAT recoverable for a subsidiary is determined to be non-recoverable in part or
in full
 the VAT recoverable is written off and booked as cost of goods sold or as impairment loss
 depending on the nature
of the event triggering the VAT write-off. The factors considered when evaluating to which account VAT recoverable is
written off are as follows: i) if VAT is determined to be non-recoverable due to significant underperformance relative
to expected historical or projected future operating results or negative industry or economic trend
 VAT recoverable will
be written-off to cost of goods sold
 or ii) if VAT is determined to be non-recoverable due to significant changes in
the strategy of the overall business
 VAT recoverable would be written off as impairment loss. For the years ended December
31
 2012
 2011
 and 2010
 $9
962
571
 $6
193
061
 and nil of VAT were written off to cost of goods sold
 respectively. For
the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 impairment loss from VAT due to business suspension were $1
335
545
$1
614
167 and $1
015
780
 respectively.

We classified our
leases at the inception date as either a capital lease or an operating lease. To determine if a lease is a capital lease
 we evaluate
if the following conditions exist: a) ownership is transferred to the lessee by the end of the lease term
 b) there is a bargain
purchase option
 c) the lease term is at least 75% of the property&rsquo;s estimated remaining economic life or d) the present
value of the minimum lease payments at the beginning of the lease term is 90% or more of the fair value of the leased property
to the lessor at the inception date. A capital lease is accounted for as if there was an acquisition of an asset and an incurrence
of an obligation at the inception of the lease. We account for all other leases as operating leases. We have no capital leases
commitment as of December 31
 2012.


    
    


Employee Benefit
Full time employees of the PRC entities participate in a government mandated employer defined contribution plan
pursuant to which certain pension benefits
 medical care
 unemployment insurance and other welfare benefits are provided to employees.
Chinese labor regulations require us to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees&rsquo; salaries.
The total provision for such employee benefits was $2
206
890
 $1
449
978 and $813
683 for the years ended December 31
 2012
2011 and 2010
 respectively.


We adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 Accounting Standards Codification (Topic 718)
 Stock Compensation
 (ASC 718
formerly FASB Statement 123(R))
 which requires the measurement at fair value and recognition of compensation expense for all
share-based payment awards. The determination of the fair value of our stock options at the grant date requires judgment. We use
the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of these share-based awards consistent with the provisions of
ASC 718. Option pricing models
 including the Black-Scholes model
 also require the use of input assumptions
 including expected
volatility
 expected life
 expected dividend rate
 and expected risk-free rate of return. If factors change and we employ different
assumptions in the application of ASC 718 in future periods
 the compensation expense recorded under ASC 718 may differ significantly
from the amount recorded in the current period. During fiscal 2012
 expected stock price volatility and the assumed risk free
rate both decreased slightly based upon recent historical trends. These changes are not material to our consolidated financial
position or results of operations. There were no other material changes in the estimates or assumptions used to determine share-based
compensation during fiscal 2012.


    
    





 for the
periods indicated
 our consolidated statements of income and certain other information
 each expressed as a percentage of sales
revenues.



    
Years&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    revenues
    
    
    revenues
    
    
    revenues

    
(U.S. dollars
    in thousands)

Sales
    revenues
1
639
603
    
1
456
208
    
946
720
    

Cost
    of sales
(1
486
217
    
(1
304
879
    
(835
991
    

Gross
    profit
153
386
    
151
329
    
110
729
    

General
    and administrative expenses
(38
829
    
(29
233
    
(24
063
    

Selling
    expenses
(37
554
    
(33
582
    
(20
727
    

Research and development
    expenses
    
    
    
    
    
    

Impairment
    loss
(4
048
    
(1
614
    
(1
015
    

Income
    from operations
72
381
    
86
404
    
64
286
    

Interest
    expense
(30
426
    
(21
548
    
(7
910
    

    
2
223
    
    
    
1
954
    

    
5
311
    
3
934
    
4
184
    

Gain on disposal of a
    subsidiary
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income before taxes
49
774
    
69
023
    
62
514
    

Provision
    for income taxes
(5
659
    
(4
808
    
(4
234
    

Net
    income after taxes
44
115
    
64
215
    
58
280
    

Net
    income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income attributable to Zhongpin Inc. shareholders
44
069
    
64
221
    
58
280
    

Foreign
    currency translation adjustment attributable to Zhongpin Inc. shareholders
1
511
    
23
328
    
10
638
    

Comprehensive
    income attributable to Zhongpin inc. shareholders
45
580
    
87
549
    
68
918
    



 we expect that the demand for
pork in China and the results of the pork and pork products of our business will remain strong while live hog prices will
remain at current levels
 compared with 2012. We anticipate that our profit margin in 2013 will decrease due to increased
competition in the industry
 the expected increase in labor cost and overheads
 and the expected increase in quality
assurance and control cost in response to increased importance on food safety placed by the government and consumers.

Comparison of Years Ended December
31
 2012 and December 31
 2011 

Revenue.

456.2 million in 2011 to $1
639.6 million in 2012
 which represented an increase of $183.4
million
 or approximately 13%. The increase in revenues was primarily due to increased sales volume in our meat and meat products
resulting from the effects of the continuing increases in the number of our retail stores
 geographic expansion and increased

 which was partially offset by the decreased pork price resulting
from market fluctuations and industry competition.


    
    



regarding our sales by product division for 2012 and 2011.



    
    

    
December
    31
 2012
December
    31
 2011

    
    
(in
    millions)
Metric
    Ton
    
(in
    millions)
Metric
    Ton

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
393
462
1
018.6
2
589
309
545
    
2
876

    
137
810
    
2
411
134
537
    
2
584

    
107
996
    
2
533
88
505
    
2
288

    
15
427
    
    
17
668
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
654
695
1
639.6
2
504
550
255
1
456.2
2
646



and in the markets where we sell our products
 no single supplier has a significant effect on the market price of pork or related
pork products. We have been pricing our products based on the value of our brand
 the quality of our products
 hog prices in the
applicable period and pricing trends for similar products in the regions in which we operate.


 we increased our sales of chilled
pork products by approximately $128.5 million over the amount of our sales of such products in 2011. As shown in the table above
our average price during 2012 was approximately $2
589 per metric ton for chilled pork
 compared to $2
876 during 2011
 a decrease
of 10%. The number of metric tons of chilled pork sold during 2012 increased by 83
917
 or 27% from 2011. Our total revenue increased
primarily due to successful capacity expansion
 increased sales to existing customers
 and significantly increased volume of sales
of our products as we entered new geographic markets
 expanded our points of sales and acquired new customers
 which was partially
offset by a lower average price in 2012 as a result of market fluctuations in a more competitive market.


 we decreased our sales of frozen
pork products by approximately $15.4 million over the amount of our sales of such products in 2011. Our average price during 2012
was approximately $2
411 per metric ton for frozen pork compared to $2
584 during 2011
 a decrease of 7%. The number of metric
tons of frozen pork sold during 2012 increased by 3
273
 or 2% from 2012. Our total revenue decreased primarily due to the decrease
in average price in 2012 as a result of market fluctuations
 which was partially offset by our increased volume of sales.


 we increased our sales of prepared
pork products by approximately $71.0 million over the amount of our sales of such products in 2011. Our average price during 2012
was approximately $2
533 per metric ton for prepared pork products compared to $2
288 during 2011
 an increase of 11%. The number
of metric tons of prepared pork products sold during 2012 increased by 19
491
 or 22%
 from 2011. This product division is becoming
more important to our business as customers increasingly demand prepared pork products. We plan to gradually increase sales from
prepared pork products by building up our brand recognition and expanding our capacities for this division.


are closely related to the particular regional markets in which our distribution channels are located. Therefore
 the increase
in metric tons sold in 2012 was partly attributable to our effort to expand our distribution channels. The following table sets
forth the changes in our distribution channels:


    
    




    
    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
476
1
310
    
    

    
1
856
1
956
    
    

    
3
490
3
428
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


The expansion

following table shows our revenues by distribution channel in 2012 and 2011
 respectively.



    
Sales
U.S.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             dollars

                                                                                                                                                                                                                             millions)

    
    
    
    

    

    31
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
639.6
1
456.2
    
    



channels was primarily due to the following factors:


our
                                                                                                               production capacity
                                                                                                               has increased since
                                                                                                               we completed the
                                                                                                               expansion project
                                                                                                               of our facility
                                                                                                               in Taizhou
su
                                                                                                               province and Changchun
                                                                                                               Jilin province
                                                                                                               in December 2011
                                                                                                               and Changge
 Henan
                                                                                                               province in July
                                                                                                               2012. To increase
                                                                                                               the utilization
                                                                                                               of our new facilities
                                                                                                               we focused our
                                                                                                               sales efforts on
                                                                                                               the wholesalers
                                                                                                               and distributors
                                                                                                               as it is easier
                                                                                                               to achieve higher
                                                                                                               volume sales within
                                                                                                               this channel. As
                                                                                                               a result
 we had
                                                                                                               significantly higher
                                                                                                               sales in the wholesalers
                                                                                                               and distributors
                                                                                                               channel than in
                                                                                                               other distribution
                                                                                                               channels
 with
                                                                                                               the overall capacity
                                                                                                               utilization rate

                                                                                                               lower in 2012 than
                                                                                                               2011 because some
                                                                                                               new production
                                                                                                               facilities were
                                                                                                               just put into operation
                                                                                                               at the end of 2011
                                                                                                               and beginning of
                                                                                                               2012;


we have built
                                                                                                               up our brand image
                                                                                                               and brand recognition
                                                                                                               through general
                                                                                                               advertising displays
                                                                                                               and sales campaigns;


we have increased
                                                                                                               the number of stores
                                                                                                               and other channels
                                                                                                               through which we
                                                                                                               sell our products;
                                                                                                               and


we believe
                                                                                                               consumers are placing
                                                                                                               more weight on
                                                                                                               food safety considerations
                                                                                                               and are willing
                                                                                                               to pay higher prices
                                                                                                               for safe food products.


    
    


Our
cost of sales primarily includes our costs of raw materials

 our
cost of raw materials typically account for approximately 96.0% to 96.4%
 our overhead typically accounts for 2.1% to 2.6% and
our labor costs typically account for 1.4% to 1.5%
 with slight variations from period to period. All of our meat products are
derived from the same raw materials
 which are live hogs. Our vegetable and fruit products are purchased from farms located
close to our processing facility in Changge City
 Henan province. As a result
 the purchasing costs of live hogs and vegetables

was consistent with but considerably higher than our increase in sales revenue.



    
    

    
Year
December
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         31
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2012
Year
December
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         31
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2011

    
    
(in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    millions)
    
    
(in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    millions)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
393
462
    
2
364
309
545
    
2
594

    
137
810
    
2
272
134
537
    
2
409

    
107
996
    
2
128
88
505
    
1
859

    
15
427
    
    
17
668
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
654
695
1
486.2
2
270
550
255
1
304.9
2
371


Our gross profit
margin (gross profit divided by sales revenue) decreased from 10.4% in 2011 to 9.4% in 2012. The decrease in our gross profit
margin during 2012 was primarily due to (i) increased competition in the market
 (ii) the increase in write-off of VAT recoverable
(iii) increased promotional activities to grow our market share

costs and utility costs
 and (v) higher quality control costs in response to increased importance on food safety placed by the

 our gross profit margin was lower than the level we would expect
to achieve once we fully integrate our new production facilities and expand into new regional markets for our products. 



in 2012
 which represented an increase of $9.6 million
 or approximately 33%. As a percentage of revenues
 general and administrative
expenses increased from 2.0% in 2011 to 2.4% in 2012. 

The
increase in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31
 2012 was primarily the result of a $2.5 million
increase in salary expense due to the expansion of our business
 which required the hiring of more employees
 and an increase
in the average salary we paid to our employees; a $1.1 million increase in legal fees due to the going private transaction; a
$1.9 million increase in bad debt provision due to the increase of our accounts receivable
 and a $1.8 million increase in other
taxes as a result of the land and property placed into service in December 2011 in Taizhou and Changchun and therefore we started
paying land and property taxes in the first quarter of 2012.

.
Selling expenses increased from $33.6 million in 2011 to $37.6 million in 2012
 which represented an increase of $4.0 million
or approximately 12%. As a percentage of revenue
 selling expenses remained at 2.3% in 2011 and 2012. The increase in selling
expenses was primarily the result of a $1.4 million increase in salary expenses
 a $0.9 million increase in supermarket management
fees
 and a $1.0 million increase in promotion expenses.


    
    







$0.6 million in 2012
 which represented an increase of $0.1 million. 

Impairment
loss increased from $1.6 million in 2011 to $4.0 million in 2012
 which represented an increase of $2.4 million
 or
approximately 150%. The increase was primarily the result of a $2.7 million increase in provision of plant and equipment in
Deyang Zhongpin. In November 2012
 we decided to stop production in our Deyang facility because our strategy is to focus on
Central China
 North China
 East China and North-east China markets. We will concentrate our resources on these markets. We
evaluated the plant and equipment of Deyang Zhongpin and decided to book an impairment loss based on the difference between
the book value and the estimated fair value of the plant and equipment.

 Interest expense
increased from $21.5 million in 2011 to $30.4 million in 2012
 which represented an increase of $8.9 million
 or approximately

bank loans
 an increase of $40.7 million in long-term bank loans
 an increase of $41.7 million in bank notes payable and an increase
in the interest rates published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China
 the central bank of China
 which increases were partly offset
by an increase in interest income.

Other
Income and Government Subsidies.
$7.5 million in 2012
 which represented an increase of $3.4 million or approximately 79%. The increase was because we

support businesses in the agriculture and related industries
 such as ours. Our business
 including hog breeding
 pork
processing
 vegetable and fruit processing and cold-chain logistics as well as related food safety and technological
innovations
 all enjoy policy support from the PRC government. We expect to continue to receive government subsidies in
future periods
 as the PRC government continues its policy of promoting agriculture and related industries. The increase was
also because of $2.0 million as a result of taking the exempted output VAT for fruits and vegetables to other income and the
recognition of rental income from renting out the sire boar breeding farm in Henan.


The effective tax rate in China on income generated from the sale of prepared products is 25% and there is no income tax on income
generated from the sale of raw products
 including raw meat products and raw vegetable and fruit products. The increase of $0.9
2011 resulted from the increased sales
of prepared meat products.

Comparison of Years Ended December 31
2011 and December 31
 2010 


Total revenue increased from $946.7 million in 2010 to $1
456.2million in 2011
 which represented an increase of $509.5million
or approximately 54%. The increase in revenues was primarily due to the increased pork price resulting from the imbalance of supply
and demand in the market and increased cost to raise hogs
 and also due to increased sales volume in our meat and meat products
segment resulting from the effects of the continuing increases in the number of our retail stores
 geographic expansion and increased
sales to 


    
    



regarding our sales by product division for 2011 and 2010.



    
    

    
 December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2011
 December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2010

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
309
545
    
2
876
265
315
    
1
940

    
134
537
    
2
584
152
766
    
1
692

    
88
505
    
2
288
77
078
    
2
042

    
17
668
    
    
20
497
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
550
255
1
456.2
2
646
515
656
    
1
836



and in the markets where we sell our products
 no single supplier has a significant effect on the market price of pork or related
pork products. We have been pricing our products based on the value of our brand
 the quality of our products
 hog prices in the
applicable period and pricing trends for similar products in the regions in which we operate.


 we increased our sales of chilled
pork products by approximately $375.5 million over the amount of our sales of such products in 2010. As shown in the table above
our average price during 2011 was approximately $2
876 per metric ton for chilled pork
 compared to $1
940 during 2010
 an increase
of 48%. The number of metric tons of chilled pork sold during 2011 increased by 44
230
 or 17% from 2010. Our total revenue increased
primarily due to the increase in average price in 2011 as a result of market fluctuations
 and partially due to successful capacity
expansion
 increased sales to existing customers
 and significantly increased volume of sales of our products as we entered new
geographic markets
 expanded our points of sales and acquired new customers.


 we increased our sales of frozen
pork products by approximately $89.2 million over the amount of our sales of such products in 2010. Our average price during 2011
was approximately $2
584 per metric ton for frozen pork compared to $1
692 during 2010. The number of metric tons of frozen pork
sold during 2011 decreased by 18
229
 or 12% from 2010. Our total revenue increased primarily due to the increase in average price
in 2011 as a result of market fluctuations
 which was partially offset by volume decrease due to our changed strategy focusing
on higher margin products
 such as chilled pork products and prepared pork products and less on frozen pork products..


 we increased our sales of prepared
pork products by approximately $45.1 million over the amount of our sales of such products in 2010. Our average price during 2011
was approximately $2
288 per metric ton for prepared pork products compared to $2
042 during 2010
 an increase of 12%. The number
of metric tons of prepared pork products sold during 2011 increased by 11
427
 or 15%
 from 2010. This product division is becoming
more important to our business as customers increasingly demand prepared pork products. We plan to gradually increase sales from
prepared pork products by building up our brand recognition and expanding our capacities for this division.


are closely related to the particular regional markets in which our distribution channels are located. Therefore
 the increase
in metric tons sold in 2011 was partly attributable to our effort to expand our distribution channels. The following table sets
forth the changes in our distribution channels:


    
    




    
    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
310
1
072
    
    

    
1
956
2
097
    
    

    
3
428
3
326
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


The expansion

following table shows our revenues by distribution channel in 2011 and 2010
 respectively.



    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
456.2
    
    
    



channels was primarily due to the following factors:








we believe consumers are placing more weight on food safety considerations and are willing to pay higher prices for safe food
products; and




 As discussed
above
 all of our meat products are derived from the same raw materials
 which are live hogs. Our vegetable and fruit
products are purchased from farms located close to our processing facility in Changge City
 Henan province. As a
result
 the purchasing costs of live hogs and vegetables and fruits represent substantially all of our costs of raw
materials. Our costs of sales primarily include our costs of raw materials
 labor costs and overhead. Of our total cost of
sales
 our cost of raw materials typically accounts for approximately 95% to 96%
 our overhead typically accounts for 2.6% to
3.1% and our labor costs typically account for 1.4% to 1.7%
 with slight variations from period to period.


    
    




    
    

    
    
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2011
    
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2010

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Ton

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
309
545
    
2
594
265
315
    
1
727

    
134
537
    
2
409
152
766
    
1
562

    
88
505
    
1
859
77
078
    
1
631

    
17
668
    
    
20
497
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
550
255
1
304.9
2
371
515
656
    
1
621



by sales revenue) decreased from 11.7% in 2010 to 10.4% in 2011. The decrease in our gross profit margin during 2011 was primarily
due to (i) competition in the market
 (ii) the rise in pork prices being less than the increase in hog prices
 which is the bulk
of our cost of sales
 (iii) increased promotional activities to grow our market share
 and (iv) the increase in overhead due to
the higher labor cost and utility cost. In addition
 we decided to accrue a provision for VAT recoverable because during 2011
our VAT recoverable increased significantly due to a significant increase in hog prices and an increase in our purchase volume.
As a result
 our gross profit margin was lower than the level we would expect to achieve once we fully integrate our new production
facilities and expand into new regional markets for our products. We intend to adjust our production levels and product mix and
the percentages of our sales through our different sales channels in the coming quarters to increase our gross profit margin.



in 2011
 which represented an increase of $5.1 million
 or approximately 21%. As a percentage of revenues
 general and administrative
expenses decreased from 2.5% in 2010 to 2.0% in 2011. 

The
increase in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31
 2011was primarily the result of a $2.3 million
increase in salary expense due to the expansion of our business
 which required the hiring of more employees and management staff
and a $0.4 million increase in depreciation due to our capacity expansion
 which required more property
 plant and equipment.

.
Selling expenses increased from $20.7 million in 2010 to $33.6 million in 2011
 which represented an increase of $12.9 million
or approximately 62%. As a percentage of revenue
 selling expenses increased from 2.2% in 2010 to 2.3% in 2011. The increase in
selling expenses was primarily the result of a $2.7 million increase in salary expenses
 a $0.3 million increase in advertising
expenses and a $5.7 million increase in transportation expenses.



$0.5 million in 2011
 which represented a decrease of $0.1 million. 

Impairment loss
increased from $1.0 million in 2010 to $1.6 million in 2011
 which represented an increase of $0.6 million
 or approximately 60%.
The increase was primarily the result of a $1.6 million increase in provision of 
recoverable. At the end of 2011
 we stopped leasing a facility in Jilin when the leasing agreement expired and moved all those
operations to Changchun Zhongpin. The VAT recoverable for Jilin Zhongpin could not be transferred
 so we wrote it off.


    
    


 Interest expense
increased from $7.9 million in 2010 to $21.5 million in 2011
 which represented an increase of $13.6 million
 or approximately

bank loans
 an increase of $13.6 million in long-term bank loans
 an increase of $159.0 million in bank notes payable and an increase
in the interest rates published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China
 the central bank of China
 which increases were partly offset

 we borrowed more bank notes payable because the commercial banks we deal
with tightened bank loans according to central government economy policies. These banks encouraged us to borrow through bank notes
payable
 which are not under the direct control from government.

Other Income
Exchange Gain and Government Subsidies.

in 2010 to $4.2 million in 2011
 which represented a decrease of $1.9 million or approximately 31%. The decrease was because we
booked $2.1 million government subsidies as deferred income in 2011. During 2011
 we received a government subsidy as earmarked
to finance our capacity expansions in Changchun
 Jilin province. We decided to book this subsidy as deferred income and recognize

such as ours. Our business
 including hog breeding
 pork processing
 vegetable and fruit processing and cold-chain logistics as
well as related food safety and technological innovations
 all enjoy policy support from the PRC government. We expect to continue
to receive government subsidies in future periods
 as the PRC government continues its policy of promoting agriculture and related
industries.


The effective tax rate in China on income generated from the sale of prepared products is 25% and there is no income tax on income
generated from the sale of raw products
 including raw meat products and raw vegetable and fruit products. The increase of $0.6
2010 resulted from the increased sales
of prepared meat products.

Segment
Information


in the United States
 we operate in only one segment: meat production. Our vegetable and fruit operations
 both financially and
operationally
 do not represent a significant enough portion of our business to constitute a separate segment. However
 our product
lines have been divided into two divisions: pork and pork products
 and vegetables and fruits.


primarily in the processing of live hogs into fresh
 frozen and processed pork products. Our pork and pork products division markets
its products domestically to our retail stores
 food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators and noncommercial
foodservice establishments
 such as schools
 hotel chains
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 as well
as to international markets.


primarily in the processing of fresh vegetables and fruits. We contract with more than 100 farms in Henan province and nearby areas
to produce high-quality vegetable varieties and fruits suitable for export. The proximity of the contracted farms to our operations
ensures freshness from harvest to processing. We contract to grow more than 25 categories of vegetables and fruits
 including asparagus
sweet corn
 broccoli
 mushrooms
 lima beans
 strawberries and capsicum.


    
    



tons and production processed in metric tons by division in 2012
 2011 and 2010 and the percentage increases for each division
between periods.



    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
393
462
309
545
83
917
    

    
137
810
134
537
3
273
    

    
107
996
88
505
19
491
    

    
15
427
17
668
(2
241
    

    
654
695
550
255
104
440
    




    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
395
217
309
530
85
687
    

    
148
296
140
244
8
052
    

    
111
317
88
489
22
828
    

    
13
132
15
774
(2
642
    

    
667
962
554
037
113
925
    




    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
309
545
265
315
44
230
    

    
134
537
152
766
(18
229
    

    
88
505
77
078
11
427
    

    
17
668
20
497
(2
829
    

    
550
255
515
656
34
599
    



    
    





    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
309
530
265
218
44
312
    

    
140
244
156
461
(16
217
    

    
88
489
76
395
12
094
    

    
15
774
19
259
(3
485
    

    
554
037
517
333
36
704
    


Liquidity and Capital
Resources and Capital Commitment 




three years ended December 31
 2012 primarily through cash from operating activities
 borrowings under our lines of credit with
various commercial banks in China
 net proceeds from the sale of our equity securities and the proceeds from the exercise of certain
of our outstanding stock purchase warrants. In March 2011
 we completed a follow-on underwritten registered public offering and
received net proceeds of approximately $66.4 million. We will continue to finance our construction in progress and expansion of
our facilities through operating cash flow
 loans from commercial banks and proceeds from capital markets by issuing new shares.
As of December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 we had cash and cash equivalents of $176.4 million
 $135.8 million and $84.2 million
 respectively.
Working capital at December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were negative $41.7 million
 $5.4 million and $34.5 million
 respectively.
Our negative working capital of $41.7 million at December 31
 2012 is primarily because (i) we borrowed more short-term loans in
2012 in light of the proposed going private transaction
 which resulted in more short-term loans outstanding at December 31
 2012
and (ii) we had a larger balance of the current portion of long-term loans outstanding at December 31
 2012 as a larger portion
of the long-term loans we borrowed in prior years will mature in twelve months from December 31
 2012. We do not believe we have
material risks to our financial position or results of operations in connection with our negative working capital. In 2013
 we
plan to borrow more long-term loans and use more operating cash to pay back short-term loans
 in order to achieve a positive working
capital balance.


was $35.4 million
 $73.8 million and $68.6 million
 respectively
 in 2012
 2011 and 2010.


    
    





policies to manage our cash flows generated by our operating activities. We have established strict credit policies to manage the
credit we give to our customers
 and we give different credit terms and credit limits to different types of customers in different
sales channels. For supermarket customers
 the credit terms are generally two to four weeks. For showcase stores and branded stores
the credit terms are generally cash sales within one week. For food distributors
 the credit terms are generally two to four weeks.
For restaurants and food service customers
 the credit terms are from one week to one month. These credit terms are subject to
negotiation if requested by our customers
 and credit limits vary depending on the credit worthiness and sales volume of the individual
customers
 which may be increased at times to accommodate for deteriorating economic circumstances. Any adjustment must be approved
and credit limits are frequently reviewed by designated management. In general
 we ask for credit terms from our suppliers. We
generally pay for the hogs we purchase within one week after the hogs pass our health and quality examinations.


 net cash provided by operating
activities was $35.4 million
 which represented a decrease of $38.4 million as compared to net cash provided by operating activities
of $73.8 million in 2011. Of the $38.4 million decrease
 net income accounted for a $20.0 million decrease
 non-cash items accounted
for a $9.4 million increase
 offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities of $27.7 million. Of the non-cash items
 depreciation
and amortization accounted for $6.5 million of the increase in cash provided by operating activities due to the fact that more
plant
 equipment and machinery were put into use during the end of 2011.


assets and liabilities accounted for approximately $27.7 million of the decrease
 as compared to the cash flow of $6.6
million increase from changes in operating assets and liabilities in 2011. Of the $27.7 million decrease
 $39.0 million
decrease was attributable to the change of cash flow from account receivables due to the increase of customer credit limits and slightly longer credit terms to good-standing customers
 a $10.3 million decrease was attributable to
the change in cash flow from accounts payable due to the strategy changed at the fourth quarter of 2012 that we will support our suppliers to expand their breeding scale
and supply us at better prices
 and a $12.7 million decrease was attributable to the change of cash flow from
other payables. The decrease was partly offset by a $17.8 million increase attributable to the change of cash flow from
inventories and a $13.9 million increase attributable to change in cash flow from purchase deposits.


$119.4 million in 2012
 which represented a decrease of $120.8 million as compared to net cash of $240.2 million used in investing
activities in 2011. We spent $36.3 million less on the construction in progress and $5.7 million less on acquiring land use rights.
The decrease in restricted cash in investing activities was due to a change in the utilization of bank notes
 as the bank notes
issued in 2012 were mostly used for financing related activities. Under the terms of the credit agreements with certain of our
lenders
 we have agreed to maintain with such lenders an amount of cash that will serve as collateral for our delivery of such
lenders&rsquo; bank promissory notes. The amount of bank promissory notes that are to be delivered by us to such lenders can be
up to twice the amount of such deposits. As such deposits may not be withdrawn by us without restriction
 such cash deposits are
presented as &ldquo;restricted cash&rdquo; on the consolidated balance sheets.


was $124.0 million in 2012
 a decrease of $87.0 million compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $211.0 million
in 2011. In 2012
 we received an additional $93.5 million of short-term bank loans
 an additional $30.9 million of long-term bank
loans and we spent $20.3 million less on repurchasing common stock. We repaid an additional $147.3 million in bank notes and we
received $66.4 million less of net proceeds from issuing common stock in 2012 since we had completed the follow-on offering in
2011.

As
of December 31
 2012
 Henan Zhongpin and its subsidiaries had short-term and long-term bank and governmental loans in the aggregate
as
shown in the following table. Please see Note 8 and Note 9 to our audited financial statements for more information about our bank
loans. 


    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
25
455
413
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
4
772
890
    
    

    
4
772
890
    
    

    
7
954
817
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
7
954
817
    
    

    
7
954
817
    
    

    
6
363
853
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
965
360
    
    

    
8
750
298
    
    

    
7
159
335
    
    

    
4
900
803
    
    

    
4
772
890
    
    

    
11
136
743
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
6
363
853
    
    

    
6
363
853
    
    

    
6
363
853
    
    

    
6
363
853
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
4
772
890
    
    

    
9
545
780
    
    

    
3
181
927
    
    

    
4
772
890
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
4
772
890
    
    

    
1
590
963
    
    

    
4
772
890
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
3
181
927
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
3
181
927
    
    

    
7
954
817
    
    

    
7
954
817
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
12
727
707
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
7
954
817
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
6
363
853
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
9
545
780
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
7
954
817
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
31
819
    
    

    
228
632
849
    
    



    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
3
977
407
    
    

    
795
482
    
    

    
2
386
445
    
    

    
11
295
840
    
    

    
1
590
963
    
    

    
9
545
780
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
4
772
890
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
750
060
    
    

    
1
750
060
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
3
181
927
    
    

    
4
772
890
    
    

    
6
363
853
    
    

    
52
183
597
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
7
954
817
    
    

    
2
386
445
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
159
096
    
    

    
12
727
707
    
    

    
7
159
335
    
    

    
7
954
817
    
    

    
7
954
817
    
    

    
10
977
647
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
2
068
252
    
    

    
2
068
252
    
    

    
2
386
445
    
    

    
2
386
445
    
    

    
2
704
638
    
    

    
2
704
638
    
    

    
3
022
830
    
    

    
3
022
830
    
    

    
3
341
023
    
    

    
3
341
023
    
    

    
3
659
216
    
    

    
3
659
216
    
    

    
318
192
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
7
159
335
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
623
549
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
052
087
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
101
792
652
    
    



free.


    
    


Of our outstanding
short-term loans as of December 31
 2012
 $8.0 million aggregate principal amount of loans was secured by our subsidiaries in China
 Huanghe Enterprises
Group Co.
 Ltd.
 an unaffiliated third party (&ldquo;Huanghe Group&rdquo;). 


31
 2012
 $101
185
268 are secured by land use rights and property
 plant and equipment of our subsidiaries. The total amount
of land use rights and property
 plant and equipment pledged was $181
650
364 at December 31
 2012.


 Henan Zhongpin
entered into a mutual guarantee agreement with Huanghe Group. Under the agreement
 Henan Zhongpin agreed to guarantee bank loans
of Huanghe Group in an amount up to $23.9 million and Huanghe Group agreed to guarantee Henan Zhongpin&rsquo;s bank loans in an
amount up to $23.9 million. The agreement will expire in May 2013. At the expiration of the agreement
 each party will remain
obligated under its guarantee for any loans of the other party that are outstanding on the date of expiration of the agreement.
At December 31
 2012
&nbsp;Henan Zhongpin&nbsp;had outstanding guarantees for $18.9 million of Huanghe Group&rsquo;s bank loans
under the agreement. All of the bank loans guaranteed by Henan Zhongpin will mature within the next 12 months.


Bank of China
 we are subject to certain financial covenants
 including debt-to-asset ratio and contingent liability ratio. As
of December 31
 2012
 we are in compliance with all of these covenants.


together with our ability to secure bank borrowings
 will be sufficient to finance our investment in new facilities
 with budgeted
capital expenditures of approximately $102.0 million over the next 12 months
 and to satisfy our working capital needs. We intend
to satisfy our short-term debt obligations that mature over the next 12 months through additional short-term bank loans
 in most
cases by rolling the maturing loans into new short-term loans with the same lenders as we have done in the past.




 net cash provided by operating
activities was $73.8 million
 which represented an increase of $5.2 million as compared to net cash provided by operating activities
of $68.6 million in 2010. Of the $5.2 million increase
 net income accounted for a $5.9 million increase
 non-cash items accounted
for a $5.8 million increase
 offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities of $6.6 million. Of the non-cash items
 depreciation
and amortization accounted for $4.3 million of the increase in cash provided by operating activities due to the fact that more
plants
 equipment and machinery were put into use during 2011.


    
    



and liabilities accounted for approximately $6.6 million of the decrease
 as compared to the cash flow of $8.8 million increase
from changes in operating assets and liabilities in 2010. Of the $6.6 million decrease
 $21.9 million was attributable to the change
of cash flow from inventories due to the fact that we put more facilities into operation and consequently increased our inventory
levels to maintain basic inventory for each facility; a $4.8 million decrease was attributable to the change in cash flow from
purchase deposits due to an increase in hog prices which caused us to pay more in purchase deposits to secure our supply of hogs;
a $2.5 million decrease was attributable to the change in cash flow from tax refund receivables as the increased purchase volume
and hog prices caused our tax refunds to increase. The decreases were partly offset by a $7.5 million increase attributable to
the change in cash flow from accounts payable and a $8.4 million increase attributable to the change of cash flow from other payables.


$240.2 million in 2011
 which represented an increase of $139.4 million as compared to net cash of $100.8 million used in investing
activities in 2010. We spent $79.3 million more on the costs of construction for new production facilities
 $9.7 million more on
acquiring land use rights and $68.7 million more on restricted cash so that we could issue bank notes payable for purchases in
2011 as compared to the prior year. The cash spent on building new production facilities was a result of implementing our development
strategy of deploying new production facilities to increase our market coverage.


was $211.1 million in 2011
 an increase of $166.1 million compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $44.9 million
in 2010. In 2011
 we received an additional $147.7 million of net proceeds from bank notes
 and an additional $14.3 million of
short-term bank loans. We repaid an additional $37.2 million in net repayment from long-term bank loans (net of proceeds of long-term
loans)
 and received $66.4 million of net proceeds from issuing common stock. The increases were partly offset by an additional
$23.1 million used in repurchasing common stock compared to 2010.




 net cash provided by operating
activities was $68.6 million
 which represented an increase of $27.8 million as compared to the net cash provided by operating
activities of $40.8 million in 2009. Of the $27.8 million increase
 net income accounted for $12.7 million increase
 non-cash items
accounted for $6.4 million increase and changes in operating assets and liabilities accounted for $8.8 million increase. Of the
non-cash items
 depreciation and amortization accounted for $5.5 million of the increase in cash provided by operating activities
due to the fact that more plants
 equipment and machinery were put into use during 2010.


    
    



and liabilities accounted for approximately $8.8 million of the increase
 as compared to the cash flow of $15.7 million from changes
in operating assets and liabilities in 2009. Of the $8.8 million increase
 $25.3 million was attributable to the change of cash
flow from inventories due to the fact that we decreased our inventories to better manage our cash flow and in 2009
 we had to build
up our inventories to assist the Chinese government in building up its pork reserves and we are prohibited from selling these reserves
until pork prices increase to a level at which the government is willing to sell its reserves to stabilize pork prices; conversely
a $10.1 million decrease was attributable to the change of cash flow from accounts receivable because with more operating facilities
and the higher level of revenues we generated in 2010
 our level of accounts receivable was higher.


$100.8 million in 2010
 which represented a decrease of $18.2 million as compared to the net cash of $119.0 million used in investing
activities in 2009. We spent $28.2 million less on the costs of construction for new production facilities
 $2.7 million more on
acquiring land use rights and $5.1 million more on restricted cash so that we could issue bank payable notes to pay for purchases
in 2010 compared to the prior year. The cash spent on building new production facilities was a result of implementing our development
strategy of deploying new production facilities to increase our geographical market coverage.


was $44.9 million in 2010
 a decrease of $60.5 million compared to the net cash provided by financing activities of $105.4 million
in 2009. In 2009
 we received $57.1 million of net proceeds from issuing common stock but we had no such activities in 2010. We
received $20.8 million more in net proceeds from long-term bank loans (net of repayment of long-term loans)
 and $21.1 million
less of net proceeds from capital lease obligations during 2010. In addition
 we repaid $12.4 million more of short-term bank loans
during 2010.



our
audited financial statements




our contractual obligations as of December 31
 2012 and the effect those obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and
cash flow in future periods.



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
153
976
52
184
73
343
11
497
16
952

    
30
564
16
439
8
572
3
425
2
128

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
184
794
68
730
82
062
14
922
19
080





that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.


    
    





in general is relatively high before the Chinese New Year in January or February each year and lower thereafter
 we do not believe
our operations have been materially affected by seasonality. In addition
 certain components of our operations
 such as revenue
and cost of sales
 have partially increased due to inflation; however
 we do not believe that our overall results of operations
have been materially affected by inflation.

Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements


standards which have not yet been adopted in order to determine their potential effect
 if any
 on our results of operations or
financial position. Based on that review
 we do not believe that any of those accounting pronouncements will have a significant
effect on our current or future financial position
 results of operations
 cash flows or disclosures.

Item 7A. &ndash; Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk

Disclosures About
Market Risk


in financial market conditions in the normal course of business. Market risk generally represents the risk that losses may occur
as a result of movements in interest rates and equity prices. We currently do not use financial instruments in the normal course
of business that are subject to changes in financial market conditions.

Currency Fluctuations
and Foreign Currency Risk


conducted in China
 with the exception of our export business and limited overseas purchases of raw materials. Most of our sales
and purchases are conducted within China in RMB
 which is the official currency of China. As a result
 the effect of the fluctuations
of exchange rates is considered minimal to our business operations.


are denominated in RMB. However
 we use the U.S. dollar for financial reporting purposes. Conversion of RMB into foreign currencies
is regulated by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China through a unified floating exchange rate system. Although the PRC government has
stated its intention to support the value of RMB
 there can be no assurance that such exchange rate will not again become volatile
or that RMB will not devalue significantly against the U.S. dollar. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect the value
in U.S. dollar terms
 of our net assets and income derived from our operations in China.






 2012
 and we have not used any derivative financial instruments
or engaged in any interest rate hedging activities to manage our interest rate risk exposure. Our future interest expense on short-term
or long-term bank loans may increase or decrease due to changes in market interest rates. We monitor interest rates in conjunction
with our cash requirements to determine the appropriate level of bank loans relative to other sources of funds.


    
    





risk
 as most of our customers are long-term customers with superior payment records. Our receivables are monitored regularly by
our credit managers. No single customer or supplier constitutes more than 5% of our consolidated sales revenue for the years ended
December 31
 2012 and 2011.

Item 8. &ndash; Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data


financial statements
 notes thereto
 and the related independent auditors&rsquo; reports contained on pages F-3 to our
consolidated financial statements are herein incorporated:


Consolidated balance sheets
&ndash; December 31
 2012 and 2011



Consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
income &ndash; Years ended December 31
 2012




Consolidated statements of changes in shareholders&rsquo;
equity - &#9;Years ended December 31
 2012




Consolidated statements of cash flows - Years ended December
31
 2012




Notes to consolidated financial statements - Years ended
December 31
 2012



Item 9. &ndash; Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure



Item 9A. &ndash; Controls and Procedures.





and with the participation of management
 including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
 regarding
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) as of December 31
 2011. Based on that evaluation
 management
including the CEO and CFO
 has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31
 2011.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to management
and the board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Because of its inherent
limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


    
    



an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012. In making this assessment
we used criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control&mdash;Integrated
Framework. Based on this evaluation under the framework in Internal Control&mdash;Integrated Framework issued by COSO
 management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2012.


public accounting firm
 BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP
 has audited the financial statements included in
this Form 10-K and has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. Their attestation report
on our internal control over financial reporting is included in this Item 9A and their attestation report on the audit of the consolidated
financial statements are included in &ldquo;Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&rdquo; of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.


2012
 there has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 our internal controls over financial reporting.


    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM




 The People&rsquo;s Republic
of China


financial reporting of Zhongpin Inc. and its subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2012
 based on criteria
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (the COSO criteria). The Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying
Item 9A
 Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A
company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 the Company maintained
in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012
 based on the COSO criteria.



    
    



 in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated balance sheets of Zhongpin Inc.
and its subsidiaries as of December 31
 2011 and 2012
 and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
shareholder&rsquo;s equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years ended December 31
 2012 and our report dated
March 18
 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.


Accountants LLP


 The People&rsquo;s Republic of China

 2013






    
    




Item 10. &ndash; Directors
 Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance




and position of each of our current executive officers and directors followed by their biographical information.



    
    
    
    
    


        
    
    
    
Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer and President

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Financial Controller and Treasurer 

    
    
    
    
    


. Mr. Zhu has served as Chairman
of our Board of Directors and our Chief Executive Officer since January 2006. Mr. Zhu has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of our wholly-owned subsidiary and the predecessor to our company
 Henan Zhongpin Food Share Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Henan Zhongpin&rdquo;)
since its inception in 1993. We believe that Mr. Zhu&rsquo;s current position as Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer and President
brings to the Board knowledge of the day-to-day operations of our company
 and his leadership and strategic guidance over the past
19 years have been critical to our success. Mr. Zhu&rsquo;s broad experience in the meat industry also brings to the Board a singular
perspective with respect to our business
 strategy and the industry in which we compete.

. Mr. Ben has served as
our director since June 2007 and Executive Vice President of our company since January 2006. Mr. Ben has been an Executive Vice
President of Henan Zhongpin since July 2002 and was Director of Technology of Henan Zhongpin from 1999 to July 2002. Prior to joining
Henan Zhongpin in 1999
 Mr. Ben was a researcher at the Agricultural Technology Promotion Center of Changge City. We believe that
as an executive officer of our company for over 10 years
 Mr. Ben brings to the Board an intimate knowledge of our day-to-day operations
our business and the industry in which we compete. His background and experience in the meat industry make him a valuable resource
to the Board in evaluating our strategy.

. Mr. Leal has served
as our director since June 2007. Mr. Leal taught as an adjunct professor at the undergraduate and graduate level at several universities
from 1978 to 2008. Most recently
 Mr. Leal taught mathematics and statistics at Coastal Carolina University from 1997 to 2008 and
finance and accounting at Webster University from 1999 to 2005. Mr. Leal served as Financial Advisor to clients of several regional
investment banks based in Atlanta
 Georgia from 1990 to 2002. Prior to that
 Mr. Leal managed the mergers and acquisition practice
for Sun Trust Banks from 1987 to 1990
 served as Vice President of Corporate Development and Treasurer at Texas Eastern Corporation
a NYSE-listed energy company
 from 1981 to 1987
 and served as Assistant Treasurer at Progress Energy
 a NYSE-listed electric power
company
 from 1976 to 1981. We believe that Mr. Leal&rsquo;s broad knowledge and experience in the areas of finance
 accounting
mergers and acquisition
 risk assessment and oversight
 corporate governance and investment make him a valuable resource to the
Board as the Board considers our investment opportunities and capital needs. Mr. Leal&rsquo;s financial background also makes him
well-suited to serve as Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board.


    
    




. Mr. Pan has served
as our director since September 2007. Mr. Pan has been a researcher at the Development Research Center
 a policy research and consulting
institution directly under the State Council of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 since 1990
 where he is responsible for conducting
research concerning the meat industry
 including in the areas of meat consumption
 food supply
 animal husbandry and food nutrition.
Prior to that
 Mr. Pan served as an assistant researcher at China&rsquo;s Central Rural Policy Research Office from 1987 to 1990
and was responsible for conducting research and investigations in the areas of rural policy at China&rsquo;s Central Secretariat
Rural Research Office from 1982 to 1987. We believe that Mr. Pan&rsquo;s research experience and extensive knowledge concerning
the meat industry provide the Board with significant expertise relevant to our business and brings to the Board a comprehensive
understanding of the meat industry.

. Mr. Hu has served
as our director since June 2011. Mr. Hu is currently a professor and an advisor to Ph.D. candidates at China Agricultural University
a position he has held since 1999. He has been engaged in teaching and research work in the Food Science and Engineering College
of China Agricultural University since June 1988. Mr. Hu also concurrently serves in several academic and government organizations.
He is Executive Vice President of the Science and Technology Development Academy of China Agricultural University
 a member of
the Growth Enterprise Market Technical Committee of the China Securities Regulatory Commission
 Vice President of the Chinese Institute
of Food Science and Technology
 a member of the Science and Technology Committee of China&rsquo;s Ministry of Agriculture
 a member
of the Academic Committee of the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences and a member of the State Food and Nutrition Consultant
Committee. We believe that Mr. Hu&rsquo;s extensive involvement and expertise in our industry
 in research and teaching
 and in
government and academic associations bring substantial additional depth and breadth to the Board. His extensive experience and
knowledge in the study of food safety issues in China is also very valuable as we execute our expansion strategy.

. Mr
 Wang has served
as our Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Financial Controller and Treasurer since October 2008. Prior to joining us
 Mr.
Wang served as Group Finance Controller at Agria Corporation
 an agri-solutions provider that is listed on the New York Stock Exchange
from November 2007 to September 2008
 as Deputy Chief Financial Officer at Beijing Media Company
 an adverting sales company that
is listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
 from September 2006 to November 2007
 and as Finance Director of Mediact Jingwen
Media Group
 a music publishing
 advertising and public relations company located in Beijing
 from January 2005 to August 2006.

. Mr. Liu has served
as our Vice President of Operations since September 2007. Mr. Liu has also been serving as General Manager of our chilled and frozen
products department since June 2005. In addition
 Mr. Liu has served as Chairman of Henan Zhongpin Business Development Co.
 Ltd.
since September 2006 and Chairman of Heilongjiang Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd. since November 2006. Mr. Liu joined Henan Zhongpin in
1993 and has been responsible for several areas of its operations
 including product distribution
 market research and product
improvement.


for any of our executive officers or directors to resign at the request of another person and no officer or director is acting
on behalf of nor will any of them act at the direction of any other person. All officers serve at the pleasure of our Board of
Directors. There are no family relationships among our directors or executive officers.


    
    





audit committee
 nominating committee and compensation committee. Each committee carries out its responsibilities pursuant to
written charters
 which are available on the Investor Relations &mdash; Corporate Governance section of our Internet website at:


.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Audit Committee is currently comprised of Messrs. Raymond Leal (chairman)
 Xiaosong Hu and Yaoguo Pan. Our Board has determined
that each member of the Audit Committee is independent
 as defined in the listing standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market
 Inc (&ldquo;Nasdaq&rdquo;)
and under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Commission&rdquo;). The Audit Committee assists the Board
in overseeing (i) our accounting and financial reporting processes and principles
 (ii) our disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting designed to promote compliance with generally accepted accounting principles and
applicable laws and regulations
 (iii) the preparation
 presentation and integrity of our financial statements
 and (iv) the administration
of an audit of our annual financial statements by our independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with generally
accepted accounting standards. In addition
 our Audit Committee is responsible for the Audit Committee report required to be prepared
pursuant to rules of the Commission for inclusion in our annual proxy statement. The Board has determined that Mr. Leal qualifies
as an Audit Committee Financial Expert under applicable rules of the Commission and satisfies the financial literacy and experience
requirements under the applicable Nasdaq standards.

. The Compensation
Committee is currently comprised of Messrs. Pan (chairman)
 Leal and Hu. Our Board has determined that each member of the Compensation
Committee is independent
 as defined in the listing standards of Nasdaq. The purpose of the Compensation Committee is to assist
the Board in discharging its responsibilities related to compensation of our executive officers
 to oversee all compensation programs
involving the use of our stock and to produce a Compensation Committee report on executive compensation for inclusion in our proxy
statement for our annual meeting of stockholders.

. The Nominating
Committee is currently comprised of Messrs. Hu (chairman)
 Leal and Pan. Our Board has determined that each member of the Nominating
Committee is independent
 as defined in the listing standards of Nasdaq. The purpose of the Nominating Committee is to (i) identify
individuals who are qualified to become members of our Board of Directors
 (ii) select
 or recommend that the Board of Directors
select
 director nominees to be presented for stockholder approval at the annual meeting
 (iii) select
 or recommend that the Board
of Directors select
 the composition of the committees of the Board of Directors and (iv) perform such other functions as the Board
of Directors may from time to time request.

Material Changes to Director Nomination
Procedures


the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors since such procedures were last disclosed
in our proxy statement for our 2012 annual meeting of stockholders.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance


Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 requires our directors and executive officers
 and persons who own more
than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities (&ldquo;10% Stockholders&rdquo;)
 to file with the Commission initial
reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. Officers
 directors and
10% Stockholders are required by Commission regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.


    
    



of such reports received by us and written responses to annual directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; questionnaires
 we believe
that for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012
 all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers
 directors and
10% Stockholders were complied with.




and ethics for our directors
 officers and employees
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The text
of our code is posted on the Investor Relations &mdash; Corporate Governance section of our Internet website at www.zpfood.com.
We intend to disclose any changes in or waivers from our code of ethics that are required to be publicly disclosed by posting such
information on our website or by filing with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K.






elements of compensation awarded to
 earned by or paid to our principal executive officer
 our principal financial officer
 and
our other executive officer whose total compensation exceeded $100
000 during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012. Accordingly
our &ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo; for 2012 are Mr. Xianfu Zhu
 our President and Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Baoke Ben
our Executive Vice President
 and Mr. Feng Wang
 our Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.


date has been fairly simple and less structured than that of many U.S.-based corporations. As most of our executive officers were
founders of our principal operating subsidiary
 their ownership in our company has driven our philosophy to provide modest salaries
and no annual bonus to our executives. As a result
 our management compensation primarily has been comprised of a cash base salary
and
 to a limited degree
 stock options. The amounts of such base salaries were initially determined prior to our becoming a public
company and
 given the stock ownership of our senior management
 were based upon our desire to balance the growth stage of our
development and our need to conserve working capital
 on the one hand
 and the financial needs of our management
 on the other
hand. Since we became publicly owned in January 2006
 these considerations have continued to drive the amount and type of compensation
we have paid our executives.


for establishing the compensation for the Named Executive Officers. None of the Named Executive Officers are members of the Compensation
Committee or otherwise have any role in determining the compensation of our executive officers
 although the Compensation Committee
does consider Mr. Zhu&rsquo;s recommendations in setting compensation levels for our executive officers other than himself. Our
Compensation Committee&rsquo;s goals in regards to executive compensation are primarily to balance the philosophy identified above
with the need to recruit
 hire
 retain
 motivate and reward the most talented executives by providing compensation that is competitive
with the companies against which we compete for executive talent. Although the Compensation Committee will continue to review our
executive compensation program in light of these goals and we may in the future adopt a more varied and comprehensive approach
to compensation that provides short-term and long-term incentive opportunities for our executives
 we expect that our current executive
compensation structure will continue for the near future.


of our executive compensation program
 the Compensation Committee has not retained executive compensation consultants and does
not regularly review compensation data for any particular group of peer companies. However
 the Compensation Committee has authority
to retain compensation consultants to assist it in its decision-making process and may elect to do so in the future.


    
    



to cast an annual advisory vote on our executive compensation program (referred to as a &ldquo;say-on-pay proposal&rdquo;). At
our annual meeting of stockholders held in June 2012
 approximately 97% of the votes cast on the say-on-pay proposal at that meeting
were voted in favor of the proposal. The Compensation Committee believes this result affirms stockholders&rsquo; support of our
approach to executive compensation
 and did not change its approach in 2012. The Compensation Committee will continue to consider
the outcome of say-on-pay proposals when making future compensation decisions for the Named Executive Officers.


 the Compensation Committee
reviewed the base salaries of our executive officers and determined that no changes would be made to their salary levels. Consistent
with prior years
The Compensation Committee believes
in its judgment
 the cash amounts we paid to our executive officers for fiscal 2012 are significantly less than those paid to executives
in the United States for companies of similar size and with similar revenues and profits and are consistent with pay practices
generally for companies in the PRC. This reflects our philosophy of fairness to our employees in the PRC and avoiding significant
discrepancies between our executive pay and the pay of our middle management and other employees.


 we periodically grant
long-term incentive awards to our executive officers in the form of stock options. The Compensation Committee believes that these
option grants provide a further incentive to executives to help increase the price of our common stock as the options will only
have value if our stock price increases over the exercise price of the option and also provide a retention incentive as the options
generally vest over a period of years. The Compensation Committee believes that the options previously granted to the Named Executive
Officers continue to provide sufficient incentives to our executives and
 accordingly
 did not make any additional equity-based
grants to the Named Executive Officers in 2012.

Compensation Committee Report on Executive
Compensation&nbsp;


by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors:


of Directors has reviewed and discussed our Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on this review and discussion
the Compensation Committee recommended to our Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 to be filed with the Commission.





Respectfully submitted


&nbsp;Yaoguo Pan
 Chairman

    

    


The foregoing Compensation Committee
Report does not constitute soliciting material and shall not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other filing
of our company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent we specifically incorporate this Compensation
Committee report by reference therein.



    
    


Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation


 Xiaosong Hu and Raymond
Leal were members of the Compensation Committee during all of 2012. No one who served on the Compensation Committee at any time
during 2012 is or has been an executive officer of our company or had any relationships requiring disclosure by us under the Commission&rsquo;s
rules requiring disclosure of certain relationships and related-party transactions. None of our executive officers served as a
director or a member of a compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of any other entity
 the executive
officers of which served as a director or member of the Compensation Committee during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012.

Summary Compensation Table - 2010 &mdash;
2012


 for the
fiscal years indicated
 all compensation awarded to
 earned by or paid to our Named Executive Officers.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    Plan
    Compensation
    
    Compensation
    Earnings
    
    &nbsp;($)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Xianfu
    Zhu
    
180
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
180
000

Chairman
    and Chief
    
180
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
180
000

    
    
180
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
180
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Baoke
    Ben
    
120
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
000

Director
    Executive
    
120
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
000

    
    
120
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Feng
    Wang
    
120
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
000

Vice
    President
 Chief
    
120
000
    
    
203
745
    
    
    
323
745

    
    
120
000
    
    
173
250
    
    
    
293
250





reflect the fair value on the grant date of the option awards granted to our Named Executive Officers during the applicable fiscal
year. These values have been determined under the principles used to calculate the grant date fair value of equity awards for purposes
of our financial statements. For a discussion of the assumptions and methodologies used to value the awards reported in this column
please see Note 12 &ldquo;Stock Warrants And Options&rdquo; in Notes to our audited financial statements.

Compensation of Named Executive Officers



 we entered into
an employment agreement with each of Mr. Xianfu Zhu
 our Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Baoke Ben
 our Executive Vice President.
These agreements do not provide a specified term
 and each of Mr. Zhu and Mr. Ben may terminate his employment upon 30 days advance
notice to us. In September 2011
 we entered into a three-year employment agreement with Mr. Feng Wang
 our Vice President
 Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Wang may terminate his employment upon 30 days advance notice to us. In connection with their
employment agreements
 we entered into a confidentiality and non-competition agreement with each of Mr. Zhu and Mr. Ben in December
2007 and with Mr. Wang in September 2011
 pursuant to which each of them agreed not to disclose any of our confidential information
at any time during or three years after his employment with us. Each of them also agreed that
 during his employment and for two
years following a termination of his employment with us
 he will not commence employment with any of our competitors
 and that
neither he nor his relatives may engage in any business which is in competition with our business. The applicable laws of the People&rsquo;s
Republic of China (the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;) require non-compete compensation for post employment non-compete obligations to be enforceable.
If a company elects to enforce a non-compete provision
 such compensation is required to be paid monthly during the non-compete
period after termination of employment. Currently there is no statutory standard for non-compete compensation
 and no specific
provision for the amount of such compensation is included in the employment agreements. We do not have any change-in-control or
severance agreements with any of our executive officers
 but they are entitled to the benefits under applicable employment laws
of the PRC described below under the heading &ldquo;Potential Payments Upon a Termination or Change in Control.&rdquo;


    
    





any grants of options or other stock-based awards during 2012




Executive Officers were granted under
 and are subject to
 the terms of the Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan of
Zhongpin Inc. (the &ldquo;Incentive Plan&rdquo;). The Incentive Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation
Committee has authority to interpret the plan provisions and make all required determinations under the plan. Awards granted under
the plan are generally only transferable to a beneficiary of a Named Executive Officer upon his death. If the Named Executive Officer&rsquo;s
employment is terminated as a result of the officer&rsquo;s death
 his option will become exercisable to the extent the option
would have been exercisable within the calendar year following his death. If the Named Executive Officer&rsquo;s employment terminates
for any other reason
 the unvested portion of his option will immediately terminate. Once vested
 the option will generally remain
exercisable until its normal expiration date
 except that the Named Executive Officer will generally have three months to exercise
the vested portion of the option following a termination of his employment. This period is extended to one year if the termination
was a result of the Named Executive Officer&rsquo;s death. The options do not include any dividend rights.

Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31
2012


information with respect to the outstanding options held by the Named Executive Officers at December 31
 2012. None of our Named
Executive Officers held any outstanding stock awards on that date.



    
    

    
    
    
    
 Exercise
    Price
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
33
000
    
    
    
    

    
34
000
    
    
    
    




    
This option was granted on March 31
 2010 and vested on March 31
 2011.&nbsp;&nbsp;

    
    

    
This option was granted on March 31
 2011 and vested on March 31
 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    


Option Exercises and Stock Vested During
2012 


any option awards or had any stock awards vest during 2012. Mr. Zhu&rsquo;s options to acquire 120
000 shares of our common stock
and Mr. Ben&rsquo;s options to acquire 100
000 shares of our common stock expired on December 14
 2012
 respectively. Mr. Zhu and
Mr. Ben did not receive any consideration in respect of such expiration.

Potential Payments upon a Termination or
Change in Control 


we must pay severance if we terminate the employment agreement of any employee
 except when such employee&rsquo;s actions have
resulted in material and demonstrable harm to our interests
 among other circumstances. We are also required by applicable PRC
laws to pay severance if we fail to offer renewal terms that are the same as or better than existing terms to an employee whose
employment agreement expires
 unless the employee declines to renew the employment agreement with us. The severance benefit required
to be paid under the laws of the PRC equals the average monthly compensation paid to the terminated employee (including any bonuses
or other payments made in the 12 months prior to the employee&rsquo;s termination) multiplied by the number of years the employee
has been employed with us
 plus an additional month&rsquo;s salary if 30 days&rsquo; prior notice of such termination has not been
given. If the average monthly compensation to be received by the terminated employee exceeds three times the average monthly salary
of the employee&rsquo;s local area
 as determined and published by the local government
 such average monthly compensation shall
be capped at three times the average monthly salary of the employee&rsquo;s local area for employee&rsquo;s length of service with
us starting from January 1
 2008. There is no such cap on average monthly compensation
 but a cap of 12 years for employee&rsquo;s
length of service with us prior to January 1
 2008. None of our employees
 including our executive officers
 has any other agreement
or arrangement under which he or she may be entitled to severance payments upon termination of employment (except as noted above
with respect to certain non-competition provisions under the employment agreements for Mr. Zhu
 Mr. Ben and Mr. Wang).

Quantification
of Severance Benefits. 
Named Executive Officers would have been entitled under PRC law had the executive&rsquo;s employment terminated under the circumstances
described above on December 31
 2012



    
    

    
185
910

    
105
910

    
10
035






or of any of our subsidiaries receive no additional compensation for serving on our Board of Directors or any of its committees.
All directors who are not employees of our company or of any of our subsidiaries (&ldquo;non-employee directors&rdquo;) are compensated
at the rate of $30
000 per year and are reimbursed for their expenses incurred in attending Board and committee meetings. The chairman
of the Audit Committee receives an additional annual retainer of $15
000. We did not grant any equity awards to any of our non-employee
directors during 2012.


    
    



 2012
 our Board of Directors
received a preliminary non-binding proposal from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Xianfu Zhu
 to buy all of the shares
of our common stock not currently owned by him for $13.50 per share. Following receipt of the proposal
 our Board of Directors
formed a Special Committee of independent directors comprised of Messrs. Raymond Leal (chairman)
 Yaoguo Pan and Xiaosong Hu to
exclusively negotiate the transaction (and any alternative transactions) on behalf of our company. In consideration for the additional
responsibilities assumed by the members of the Special Committee and the commitment of time that will be required to properly discharge
such responsibilities
 in addition to other fees to which any such member shall be entitled as a member of the Board
 the chairman
of the Special Committee is entitled to a one-time fee equal to $30
000 and a monthly fee equal to $5
000 until the closing of
the proposed transaction or any other alternative transaction approved by the Special Committee with a cap of $100
000 (including
the one-time fee); each other member of the Special Committee is entitled to a one-time fee equal to $25
000 and a monthly fee
equal to $3
000 until the closing of the proposed transaction or any other alternative transaction approved by the Special Committee
with a cap of $70
000 (including the one-time fee).


information for services by our non-employee directors during 2012.

Director
Compensation Table&nbsp;&mdash;&nbsp;2012



    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    
120
000
    
    
    
    
    
120
000

    
82
000
    
    
    
    
    
82
000

    
82
000
    
    
    
    
    
82
000


Item 12. &ndash; Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters

Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners 


 as of March
11
 2013
 the names
 addresses and number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by all persons known to us to be beneficial
owners of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Except as indicated
 each beneficial owner listed exercises
sole voting power and sole dispositive power over the shares beneficially owned. As of March 11
 2013
 we had a total of 37
209
344
shares of common stock outstanding.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
442
506
    

    
    
    


 Henan Province
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
280
527
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
617
693
    


 Topview Garden
    
    

    
    
    


 China
    
    



    
    




    
A person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (i) over which such person
 directly or indirectly
 exercises sole or shared voting or investment power
 or (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days of&nbsp;&nbsp;March 11
 2013 (such as through exercise of stock options or warrants). 

    
    

    
For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held by each person or group of persons named above
 any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 11
 2013 is deemed to be outstanding
 but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership

    
    

    
Represents beneficial ownership of shares as reported on Amendment No. 1 to Schedule 13G filed with the Commission on February 14
 2011. The Schedule 13G/A reports that Caledonia (Private) Investments Pty Ltd. has sole voting power and sole dispositive power over 2
280
527 shares of our common stock.

    
    

    
Represents beneficial ownership of shares as reported on Amendment No. 2 to Schedule 13D filed with the Commission on April 11
 2012. The Schedule 13D/A reports that Prestige Trade Investments Limited (&ldquo;Prestige&rdquo;) has sole voting power and sole dispositive power over 3
194
893 of our common stock. Mr. Siming Yang
 Ms. Fei Xiao and Mr. Chidong Wang
 as executive directors of Prestige
 have shared voting and dispositive power over 3
194
893 shares and may be deemed to beneficially own the shares owned by Prestige in that they may be deemed to have the power to direct the voting or disposition of the shares. Mr. Yang
 Ms. Xiao and Mr. Wang disclaim beneficial ownership as to the 3
194
893 shares owned by Prestige except to the extent of their respective pecuniary interests therein. Ms. Caiyin Fan is a business partner of Mr. Yang and together they beneficially own
 and have sole voting and dispositive power over 422
800 shares of common stock (including 356
800 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options).


Security Ownership
of Management 


and number of shares beneficially owned by each of our directors and Named Executive Officers listed in our &ldquo;Summary Compensation
Table&rdquo;
 and all of our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated
 the address of the individuals
listed below is Zhongpin Inc.
 21 Changshe Road
 Changge City
 Henan Province People&rsquo;s Republic of China. No shares reported
as beneficially owned below have been pledged as security for any loan or indebtedness.



    
    
    

    
    
    


 Chief Executive Officer and President)
6
442
506
    

    
888
125
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 Vice President
 Treasurer and Financial Controller)
67
000
    

    
8
017
505
    





    
    




    
A person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (i) over which such person
 directly or indirectly
 exercises sole or shared voting or investment power
 or (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days of March 11
 2013 (such as through exercise of stock options or warrants). Unless otherwise indicated
 voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner
 subject to applicable community property laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;None of the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers are pledged as security. 

    
    

    
For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held by each person or group of persons named above
 any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 11
 2013 is deemed to be outstanding
 but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership

    
    

    
Represents 67
000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of vested stock options granted to Mr. Wang.


Changes in Control



 2012
 we entered into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger with Golden Bridge Holdings Limited
 a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability (&ldquo;Parent&rdquo;)
Golden Bridge Merger Sub Limited
 a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;) and Mr.
Xianfu Zhu
 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 which was subsequently amended and restated on February 8
 2013 (the &ldquo;Merger
Agreement&rdquo;)
 providing for the merger of Merger Sub with and into our company (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;)
 with our company
surviving the Merger as the surviving company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent.


by Mr. Xianfu Zhu. Pursuant to an equity contribution agreement between Parent
 Jinqiao Investments Limited
 a business company
formed under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (&ldquo;Holdco&rdquo;) and Mr. Xianfu Zhu
 Mr. Baoke Ben
 Mr. Chaoyang Liu
Mr. Qinghe Wang
 Mr. Shuichi Si and Ms. Juanjuan Wang (collectively
 the &ldquo;Rollover Holders&rdquo;) dated November 26
 2012
the Rollover Holders have agreed to contribute all of the shares of our common stock held by them immediately prior to the effective
time of the Merger (the &ldquo;Rollover Shares&rdquo;) to Parent
 and they will become shareholders in Holdco upon the consummation
of the Merger. As of March 11
 2013
 the Rollover Holders collectively beneficially own approximately 26% of our outstanding common
stock. Pursuant to a voting agreement between Parent and the Rollover Holders dated November 26
 2012 (the &ldquo;Voting Agreement&rdquo;)
the Rollover Holders have agreed that
 from the date of the Voting Agreement until the termination of the Voting Agreement in accordance
with its terms
 each Rollover Holder will appear at any shareholders&rsquo; meeting of our company or otherwise cause the Rollover
Shares to be counted as present for the purposes of establishing a quorum and vote or cause to be voted the Rollover Shares in
favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement.


to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the transactions contemplated thereby
 at the effective time of the Merger
each share of our common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than shares owned by (i) Parent
Merger Sub or the Rollover Holders immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger
 (ii) our company or any direct or indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary of us or (iii) stockholders who have properly exercised and perfected appraisal rights under Delaware law)
will be converted automatically into the right to receive $13.50 in cash (the &ldquo;Per Share Merger Consideration&rdquo;)
 without
interest. In connection with the Merger
 each option to purchase our common stock that is outstanding
 whether vested or unvested
shall be cancelled at the effective time of the Merger and converted into the right to receive
 net of any applicable withholding
taxes
 cash in an amount equal to the excess of the Per Share Merger Consideration over the exercise price payable per share of
our common stock issuable under each option.


    
    



customary conditions
 including without limitation
 the approval by affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of our common stock and a majority of outstanding shares of our common stock other than shares owned by Parent
 Merger Sub
the Rollover Holders
 and their respective affiliates at a stockholders&rsquo; meeting which will be convened to consider the adoption
of the Merger Agreement.


Relating to an Investment in Our Securities - There can be no assurance that the definitive merger agreement entered into with
respect to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer&rsquo;s going private proposal and the transactions contemplated thereunder
will be approved by stockholders or successfully consummated. Potential uncertainty involving the going private transaction and
other related matters
 including lawsuits
 may adversely affect our business.&rdquo;

Equity Compensation
Plan Information


plan
 the Incentive Plan. The Incentive Plan was approved by stockholders. The following table summarizes the number of shares
of our common stock subject to outstanding awards and authorized for issuance under the Incentive Plan as of December 31
 2012:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
787
000
    
1
496
667

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
787
000
    
1
496
667


Item 13. &ndash; Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence




we may conduct with any of our directors or executive officers may present potential or actual conflicts of interest and create
the appearance that decisions are based on considerations other than our best interests and those of our stockholders. We have
established
 and the Board has adopted
 a written Related Person Transactions Policy to monitor transactions
 arrangements or relationships
including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness
 in which we and any of the following have an interest: (i) any person
who is or was an executive officer
 director
 or director nominee of us at any time since the beginning of our last fiscal year;
(ii) a person who is or was an immediate family member (as defined in the policy) of an executive officer
 director
 or director
nominee at any time since the beginning of our last fiscal year; (iii) any person who
 at the time of the occurrence or existence
of the transaction
 is greater than 5% beneficial owner of our common stock; (iv) any person who
 at the time of the occurrence
or existence of the transaction
 is an immediate family member (as defined in the policy) of the greater than 5% beneficial owner
of our common stock; or (v) or any firm
 corporation or other entity in which any of the foregoing persons is employed or is a
partner or principal or in which such person has a 10% or greater beneficial ownership interest (which we refer to in this proxy
statement as a &ldquo;related person&rdquo;). The policy covers any transaction where the aggregate amount is expected to exceed
$120
000 in which a related person has a direct or indirect material interest.


    
    



 potential
related person transactions proposed to be entered into by us shall be reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee. The Audit
Committee will review the material facts of any potential related person transaction and will then approve
 ratify or disapprove
the transaction. In making its determination to approve or ratify a related person transaction
 the Audit Committee considers such
factors as: (i) the extent of the related person&rsquo;s interest in the related person transaction; (ii) the approximate dollar
value of the amount involved in the related person transaction; (iii) the approximate dollar value of the amount of the related
person&rsquo;s interest in the transaction without regard to the amount of any profit or loss; (iv) whether the transaction was
undertaken in the ordinary course of business of our company; (v) whether the transaction with the related person is proposed to
be
 or was
 entered into on terms no less favorable to our company than terms that could have been reached with an unrelated third
person; (vi) the purpose of
 and the potential benefits to us of
 the transaction; and (vii) any other information regarding the
related person transaction or the related person in the context of the proposed transaction that would be material to investors
in light of the circumstances of the particular transaction. No director or executive officer may participate in any discussion
approval or ratification of a transaction in which he or she is a related person.

Transactions with
Related Persons 


party transactions during 2012.




has determined that Messrs. Raymond Leal
 Yaoguo Pan and Xiaosong Hu are &ldquo;independent directors&rdquo; as defined in the
listing standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market
 Inc. The independent directors have regularly scheduled executive session meetings
at which only the independent directors are present.

Item 14. &ndash; Principal Accounting Fees
and Services






fees billed by BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP (&ldquo;BDP Shu Lun Pan&rdquo;) for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements included in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 for the
reviews of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 for our Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
compliance audit
 and for services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements was $744
241 and
$688
903 for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.


fees billed by BDO China Dahua CPA Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;BDO Dahua&rdquo;) for professional services rendered for the audit of
our annual financial statements included in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 for the reviews of the financial statements
included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 and for our Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 compliance audit from January 1
 2011
through the date of their dismissal on July 6
 2011
 and for services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or
engagements was $26
020 and $53
402 for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.


    
    





principal accountants to provide assurance or related services during the last two fiscal years.




billed by Child Van Wagoner &amp; Bradshaw
 PLLC
 our independent public accountants prior to June 2008
 for tax compliance
 tax
advice and tax planning services rendered to us during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $18
500 and $18
500
respectively. We did not engage BDO Dahua or BDO Shu Lun Pan to provide tax compliance
 tax advice or tax planning services during
the last two fiscal years.




principal accountants to render services to us during the last two fiscal years
 other than as reported above.

Pre-Approval Policies
and Procedures


Directors has the sole authority to appoint or replace our independent registered public accounting firm. Our Audit Committee is
directly responsible for the compensation and oversight of the work of our independent registered public accounting firm (including
resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting)
for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work. Our independent registered public accounting firm is engaged
by
 and reports directly to
 our Audit Committee.


services and permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for us by our independent registered
public accounting firm
 exceptions for non-audit services described in Section&nbsp;10A(i)(1)(B)
of the Exchange Act
 all of which are approved by our Board prior to the completion of the audit.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our Audit Committee
has complied with the procedures set forth above and all services reported above were approved in accordance with such procedures.


    
    




Item 15. &ndash; Exhibits
and Financial Statement Schedules. 








the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

December 31
 2012 and 2011&#9;

and Comprehensive Income for the Years ended&nbsp;December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010

in Shareholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010

Flows for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010

Statements for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010


Schedules for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010

Schedule
I
 Condensed Financial Information of Registrant
 is included in Note 19 to our audited financial statements and is incorporated
into this Item&nbsp;15(a)(2) by reference.

All
other financial statement schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions
 are inapplicable
 or the required information has been provided
in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto







Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 26
 2012
by and among the Registrant
 Golden Bridge Holdings Limited
 Golden Bridge Merger Sub Limited and Mr. Xianfu Zhu
 incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 26




Amendment No.1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated
January 14
 2013
 by and among the Registrant
 Golden Bridge Holdings Limited
 Golden Bridge Merger Sub Limited and Mr. Xianfu
Zhu
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on January 14




Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger dated
February 8
 2013
 by and among the Registrant
 Golden Bridge Holdings Limited
 Golden Bridge Merger Sub Limited and Mr. Xianfu
Zhu
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on February 8




Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant filed
February 4
 2003 with the Delaware Secretary of State
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Registration Statement
on Form SB-2 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22





    
    




    
    
Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant filed on January 27
 2006 with the&nbsp;Delaware Secretary of State
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2
 2006.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Registrant filed&nbsp;January 30
 2006 with the Delaware Secretary of State
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2
 2006.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant filed February&nbsp;16
 2006 with the Delaware Secretary of State
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23
 2006.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant filed March 20
 2007 with the Delaware Secretary of State
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2006
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 14
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-156007) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8
 2008.**

    
    
    

    
    
Mutual Guarantee Agreement dated May 25
 2012 between Henan Zhongpin Food Share Co.
 Ltd. and Henan Huanghe Enterprises Group Co.
 Ltd.
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9
 2012. 

    
    
    

    
    
Leasing Agreement dated November 4
 2009 between Zhumadian Zhongpin Food Co.

 Ltd.

 2009
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15
 2010.

    
    
    

    
    
Transfer Contract dated November 4
 2009 between Luoyang Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd and CMB Financial Leasing Co.


 2009
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15
 2010. &nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
Transfer Loan Agreement dated May 31
 2005 between Bank of Communications
 Zhengzhou Branch and Henan Zhongpin Food Share Co.
 Ltd.
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2
 2006.*



    
    




    
    
Agreement on Trust of Share Equity of Henan Zhongpin Food Share Co.
 Ltd. dated May 23
 2005 between Xianfu Zhu
 Ben Baoke
 Si Shuichi
 Wang Qinghe
 Liu Chaoyang and&nbsp;Wang Juanjuan and Henan Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd.
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2
 2006.*

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement on Transfer of Equity Interest of Henan Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd. dated&nbsp;August 16
 2005 between Xianfu Zhu
 Ben Baoke
 Si Shuichi
 Wang Qinghe
 Liu&nbsp;Chaoyang and Wang Juanjuan (Transferors) and Falcon Link Investment Ltd.
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2
 2006.*

    
    
    

    
    
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated as of January 30
 2006
 by and among the&nbsp;Registrant and the purchaser named therein
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-133226) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 6
 2006 (or our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2
 2006).

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment dated as of December 21
 2006 [to Registration Rights Agreement dated as of January 30
 2006
] among the Registrant and the Investors named therein
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-133226) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 22
 2006.

    
    
    

    
    
Asset Acquisition Agreement
 dated as of June 29
 2007
 between Henan Zhongpin Food Share Co.
 Ltd. and Deyang East China Food Company Limited
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 3
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated as of September 28
 2007
 between the Registrant and the investors listed therein
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 2
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Form of&nbsp;&nbsp;employment agreement with executive officers of Zhongpin Inc.
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our&nbsp;&nbsp;Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10
 2012.**

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Registrant
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2005
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31
 2006.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

        
    




    
    

    
    


        
    

    
    


        
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




in Mandarin
 summary of key terms attached.

or arrangement.

these&nbsp;interactive data files&nbsp;are&nbsp;deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes
of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section&nbsp;18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are&nbsp;not
subject to liability under those sections.


    
    





of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 we have duly caused this Report to be signed on our behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized on the 18



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 18
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 18
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 18
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 18
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 18
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 18
 2013

    
    
    
    
    



    
    



Consolidated Financial
Statements

For the Years Ended
December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010


    
    



Consolidated Financial
Statements



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




of the consolidated financial statements





    
    




Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm


Shareholders


 The
People&rsquo;s Republic of China


accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Zhongpin Inc. and its subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
2012 and 2011 and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 shareholder&rsquo;s equity and cash
flows for each of the three years ended December 31
 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the
consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position
of the Company as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years
ended December 31
 2012
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012

Framework
18
 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.


Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP


 The People&rsquo;s
Republic of China


 2013


notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements


    
    




ZHONGPIN
    INC.

    

    




    

 2012

 2011

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
176
441
332
135
845
095

    
109
954
161
91
444
216

    
72
369
700
29
171
060


 net of allowance for doubtful
    accounts of $4
775
526 and $2
323
920
85
167
801
40
161
898


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts
    of $493
484 and $449
048
865
060
1
081
311

    
6
798
356
14
320
357

    
37
979
226
41
944
020

    
449
127
379
633

    
956
166
3
116
108

    
32
719
543
30
472
864

    
800
179
572
791

    
73
413
1
545
534

    
524
574
064
390
054
887

    
    
    

    
477
289
476
122


 plant and equipment (net)
470
447
775
427
929
871

    
17
285
461
27
930
404

    
86
509
865
47
887
224

    
116
785
769
96
981
393

    
    
8
665

    
2
554
680
    

    
    
    

    
1
218
634
903
991
268
566

    
    
    

LIABILITIES
    AND EQUITY
    
    

    
    
    

    
228
632
849
115
653
574

    
219
333
386
177
627
006

    
52
183
597
16
016
419

    
    
5
769
600

    
11
918
351
15
693
948

    
24
053
321
26
873
586

    
18
353
887
12
596
651

    
9
935
877
12
550
096

    
1
778
724
1
822
812

    
84
852
68
773

    
566
274
844
384
672
465

    
    
    

    
743
869
524
399

    
    
2
615
449

    
101
792
652
97
261
330

    
2
386
002
1
988
693

    
671
197
367
487
062
336

    
    
    

    
    
    

Common stock: par value $0.001; 100
000
000
    authorized; 40
376
182 and 40
355
502 shares issued as of December 31
37
209
344
    and 37
556

 2012 and 2011
40
376
40
355

    
240
063
993
239
364
449

    
278
268
748
234
200
071


 at cost: 3
166
838 and 2
798
538 shares as of December
    31
 2012 and 2011
(26
225
646
(23
131
074

    
54
413
960
52
905
053


    equity
546
561
431
503
378
854

    
876
105
827
376

    
547
437
536
504
206
230


    equity
1
218
634
903
991
268
566



notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements



    
    




ZHONGPIN
    INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
    AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

    




    

    31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
639
603
334
1
456
208
266
946
720
275

    
(1
486
217
828
(1
304
879
663
(835
990
804

    
153
385
506
151
328
603
110
729
471

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(38
828
805
(29
232
976
(24
062
697

    
(37
553
595
(33
581
604
(20
726
564

    
(573
508
(495
815
(638
899

    
(4
048
453
(1
614
167
(1
015
780

    
(81
004
361
(64
924
562
(46
443
940

    
    
    
    

    
72
381
145
86
404
041
64
285
531

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net
(30
426
753
(21
547
864
(7
910
006


 net
2
223
272
233
075
1
953
667

    
285
159
    
    

    
5
310
979
3
933
821
4
184
302

    
(22
607
343
(17
380
968
(1
772
037

    
    
    
    

    
49
773
802
69
023
073
62
513
494

    
(5
658
623
(4
808
041
(4
233
525

    
    
    
    

    
44
115
179
64
215
032
58
279
969

    
(46
502
5
695
    

    
44
068
677
64
220
727
58
279
969

    
    
    
    

    
1
511
134
23
361
288
10
638
236


    to non-controlling interests
(2
227
(33
388
    


    Zhongpin Inc. shareholders
1
508
907
23
327
900
10
638
236

    
    
    
    

    
45
626
313
87
576
320
68
918
205


    interests
(48
729
(27
693
    

    
45
577
584
87
548
627
68
918
205

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
37
273
652
38
505
027
34
837
656

    
37
328
792
38
539
880
35
270
410



are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements


    
    




    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS'
    EQUITY

    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
earnings
    
    income
    
    
    
    interests
    
    equity


 2009
34
662
314
34
662
    
    
166
169
902
111
699
375
18
938
917
296
842
856
    
296
842
856

    
135
057
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
497
789
    
    
    
2
503
454
    
    
2
503
952
    
2
503
952

    
43
000
    
    
    
384
997
    
    
385
040
    
385
040

    
    
    
    
    
2
343
771
    
    
2
343
771
    
2
343
771

    
    
    
    
    
    
58
279
969
    
58
279
969
    
58
279
969

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
638
236
10
638
236
    
10
638
236


 2010
35
338
160
35
338
    
    
171
401
989
169
979
344
29
577
153
370
993
824
    
370
993
824

    
17
342
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
610
815
    
    
1
610
815
    
1
610
815

    
5
000
000
5
000
    
    
66
351
662
    
    
66
356
662
    
66
356
662

    
    
    
(2
798
538
(23
131
074
    
    
    
(23
131
074
    
(23
131
074

    
    
    
    
    
    
64
220
727
    
64
220
727
(5
695
64
215
032

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
23
327
900
23
327
900
33
388
23
361
288


    interests
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
799
683
799
683


 2011
40
355
502
40
355
(2
798
538
(23
131
074
239
364
449
234
200
071
52
905
053
503
378
854
827
376
504
206
230

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
20
000
    
    
    
183
980
    
    
184
000
    
184
000

    
    
    
    
    
515
565
    
    
515
565
    
515
565

    
    
    
(368
300
(3
094
572
    
    
    
(3
094
572
    
(3
094
572

    
    
    
    
    
    
44
068
677
    
44
068
677
46
502
44
115
179

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
508
907
1
508
907
2
227
1
511
134


 2012
40
376
182
40
376
(3
166
838
(26
225
646
240
063
993
278
268
748
54
413
960
546
561
431
876
105
547
437
536




are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements


    
    




ZHONGPIN
    INC. 

    

    




    

    31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
44
115
179
64
215
032
58
279
969


    by&nbsp;&nbsp;(used in) operations:
    
    
    

    
23
364
078
17
415
069
13
613
922

    
2
390
501
1
886
475
1
422
251

    
    
    
(356
074

    
2
478
601
714
685
464
311

    
4
048
453
1
614
167
1
015
780

    
(148
961
(43
123
(1
139
783

    
(68
647
    
    

    
515
566
1
610
815
2
343
771

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(47
150
874
(8
129
664
(10
049
304

    
(107
773
(193
590
(289
947

    
7
524
762
(6
366
517
(1
552
498

    
(68
486
29
478
(195
997

    
4
050
162
(13
711
256
8
194
171

    
2
158
305
(499
119
(2
424
121

    
(3
498
272
(9
611
116
(7
150
913


 net
(7
765
(10
696
(26
560

    
1
469
594
29
527
60
677

    
8
650
13
782
18
984

    
(3
797
735
6
542
278
(975
453

    
(2
745
655
10
003
595
1
637
437

    
475
248
2
007
167
    

    
5
704
541
1
835
646
3
506
546

    
(48
347
132
678
(364
633

    
(2
633
655
3
778
601
2
693
920


    term portion
(2
610
642
542
973
(88
463

    
35
416
828
73
806
887
68
637
993

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 plant and equipment
(2
543
754
    
    

    
(1
722
313
(17
581
832
(7
895
121

    
(98
675
648
(134
970
620
(55
719
217

    
(9
416
974
(16
504
812
(10
925
116

    
(10
138
124
    
(23
282
316

    
326
300
91
298
    

    
    
(71
236
828
(2
530
627

    
    
    
(443
151

    
2
740
042
    
    

    
(119
430
471
(240
202
794
(100
795
548

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net
(1
848
050
145
479
016
(2
199
139

    
296
364
990
159
472
347
107
559
768

    
(184
151
102
(140
749
090
(103
171
859

    
48
325
615
24
772
404
66
681
885

    
(8
077
545
(15
382
141
(20
086
899

    
(5
758
997
(6
576
095
(6
729
655

    
    
66
356
662
    

    
(2
812
322
(23
131
074
    

    
184
000
    
2
888
992

    
    
799
953
    

    
(18
207
686
    
    

    
124
018
903
211
041
982
44
943
093

    
    
    
    

    
590
977
7
026
834
2
404
389

    
40
596
237
51
672
909
15
189
927


 beginning of year
135
845
095
84
172
186
68
982
259


 end of year
176
441
332
135
845
095
84
172
186

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
33
002
672
22
387
434
8
717
320

    
5
714
735
4
675
144
3
880
679



are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements


    
    






is incorporated in the State of Delaware as a holding company and Henan Zhongpin Food Share Company Limited (&quot;Henan Zhongpin&quot;)
was incorporated in the People's Republic of China (the &quot;PRC&quot;).&nbsp; Henan Zhongpin is headquartered in Changge City
Henan province. Through its subsidiaries
 Henan Zhongpin is principally engaged in the production of pork
 prepared meat products
and vegetables and fruits
 and the retail sales of pork
 processed pork products
 vegetables and fruits and other grocery items
to customers throughout China and other export countries
 either directly or through its subsidiaries.


of Delaware under the name &quot;Strong Technical Inc.&quot; for the purpose of operating a personnel outsourcing service that
provides skilled workers to industry.&nbsp; On March&nbsp;30
 2005
 an 82.4% controlling interest in the company was acquired
by Halter Capital Corporation and all previous operations were discontinued.


 2005
 Henan Zhongpin Food
Co.
&nbsp;Ltd. (&quot;HZFC&quot;) was established in China for the sole purpose of holding the capital stock of Henan Zhongpin
and its subsidiaries. The owners of Henan Zhongpin formed HZFC with an initial investment of 16
000
000 Renminbi (&quot;RMB&quot;)
($1
932
367).&nbsp; HZFC acquired Henan Zhongpin by paying 15
040
000 RMB ($1
816
425) to the shareholders of Henan Zhongpin in
exchange for 100% ownership of Henan Zhongpin. The transaction was accounted for as a transfer of entities under common control
wherein Henan Zhongpin was the continuing entity with an increase in registered capital of 960
000 RMB ($115
942).&nbsp; The historical
financial statements of HZFC are essentially those of Henan Zhongpin shown with an increase in capital as if the transfer had
taken place at the beginning of the first period presented.


 2005
 Falcon Link Investment
Limited (&quot;Falcon&quot;) was incorporated in the territory of the British Virgin Islands (&quot;BVI&quot;) as a holding company
for the purpose of owning all of the equity interests of HZFC. Falcon acquired 100% ownership of HZFC by paying 21
285
300 RMB
($2
650
000) to the shareholders of HZFC
 who also were the shareholders of Falcon.&nbsp; The transaction was accounted for as
a transfer of entities under common control
 wherein HZFC was the continuing entity.&nbsp; The historical financial statements
of Falcon are essentially those of HZFC and are shown as if the transfer had taken place at the beginning of the first period
presented.


 2006
 Zhongpin
&nbsp;Inc.
then known as Strong Technical Inc.
 consummated an agreement with the shareholders of Falcon whereby Zhongpin Inc. issued 11
250
000
shares of common stock in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding stock of Falcon.&nbsp; Immediately prior to the transaction
there were 502
568 shares outstanding as compared to 11
752
568 shares outstanding immediately following the transaction.&nbsp;
Consequently
 Falcon became a wholly owned subsidiary of Zhongpin Inc.&nbsp; The transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition
resulting in a recapitalization of Falcon
 wherein Falcon's historical financial statements became those of Zhongpin Inc.
 retrospectively
restated to reflect the adopted capital structure of Zhongpin Inc. as if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of the
first period presented.&nbsp; These financial statements have been adjusted to reflect such restatement.


 2006
 in conjunction with
acquisition of Falcon
 Zhongpin Inc. (then known as Strong Technical Inc.) sold for $8.00 per unit 3.45 million units
 each consisting
of two shares of Series A convertible preferred stock and a five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at a purchase
price of $5.00 per share. Each share of preferred stock is convertible into one share of common stock. The shares of Series A
convertible preferred stock originally issued in such transaction were convertible into an aggregate of 6
900
000 shares of common
stock and the warrants originally issued in such transaction were exercisable to purchase an aggregate of 3
450
000 shares of
common stock.


    
    



 2006
 Zhongpin Inc. (then
known as Strong Technical Inc.) amended its articles of incorporation to change its name from Strong Technical Inc. to Zhongpin
Inc. In the same amendment
 the company changed its authorized common stock to 100
000
000 shares with a par value of $0.001 per
share and its authorized preferred stock to 25
000
000 shares with a par value of $0.001 per share.


 2006
 Zhongpin Inc. effected
a 1:35.349 reverse split of its outstanding common stock. Immediately prior to the split
 415
442
354 shares of common stock were
outstanding as compared to 11
752
568 shares of common stock outstanding immediately following the split. The aggregate number
of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of its outstanding shares of Series A convertible preferred stock was reduced
from 243
908
100 shares of common stock to 6
900
000 shares of common stock
 and the aggregate number of shares of its common
stock issuable upon the exercise of its outstanding warrants was reduced from 121
954
050 shares of common stock to 3
450
000
shares of common stock. These financial statements have been adjusted to show all stock transactions using post-split amounts.


are as follows:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    Zhongpin Import and Export Trading Company Limited

 2004

060
000 RMB 
111)
    

    
    
    
    


    Food Company Limited

 2006

000
000 RMB 
585
398)
    

    
    
    
    


    Food Company Limited

 2006

800
000 RMB 
094
422)
    

    
    
    
    


    Food Logistics Company Limited

 2006

500
000 RMB 
665)
    

    
    
    
    


    Food Company Limited

 2006

000
000 RMB 
893
652)
    

    
    
    
    


    Development Company Limited

 2006

000
000 RMB 
215)
    

    
    
    
    


    Food Company &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Limited (&ldquo;Luoyang Zhongpin&rdquo;)

 2007

000
000 RMB 
703
452)
    

    
    
    
    

    

 2007

000
000 RMB 
783
487)
    

    
    
    
    


    Food Company Limited

 2007

000
000 RMB 
639
145 )
    

    
    
    
    


    Food Company Limited

 2008

000
000 RMB 
688)
    

    
    
    
    


    Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Industry Development Company Limited

 2008

000
000 RMB 
461
796)
    

    
    
    
    


    Food Company Limited

 2010

000
000 RMB 
298
798)
    

    
    
    
    


    Food Company Limited

 2010

000
000 RMB 
292
994)
    

    
    
    
    


    Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Company Limited

 2011

000
000 RMB 
287
841)
    

    
    
    
    


    Cold Chain Logistics Company Limited

 2011

000
000 RMB 
356
388)
    

    
    
    
    


    Food Company Limited

 2011

000
000 RMB 
196)
    

    
    
    
    


    Trading Co.
 Limited

 2012

000
000
    

    
    
    
    


    Hogs Breeding Company Limited

 2012

000
000 RMB 
700)
    




    
    



SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT



Consolidation and
Basis of Presentation


statements include the accounts of Zhongpin Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to herein as the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;).
All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated during the process of consolidation. The consolidated
financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).




 2009
the Company adopted the authoritative pronouncement issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the &ldquo;FASB&rdquo;)
regarding non-controlling interests in consolidated financial statements. The pronouncement requires non-controlling interests
to be separately presented as a component of equity in the consolidated financial statements.

Foreign Currency
Translations and Transactions 

RMB
the national currency of China
that the Company&rsquo;s China-based
 The United States dollar (&ldquo;U.S. dollar&rdquo;) is the functional
currency used by Falcon and Zhongpin Inc. to record all of their activities. The Company uses the U.S. dollar for financial reporting
purposes.


assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars using the middle rate published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China as of the balance
sheet date. The consolidated statement of income is translated at average rates during the reporting period. Adjustments resulting
from the translation of financial statements from RMB into U.S. dollars are recorded in shareholders' equity as part of accumulated
comprehensive loss &ndash; translation adjustments. Gains or losses resulting from transactions in currencies other than RMB are
reflected in income for the reporting period.


    
    


Use of Estimates



statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts




require subjective and complex judgments to be used in the preparation of financial statements. Accordingly
 a different financial
presentation could result depending on the judgments
 estimates
 or assumptions that are used. Such estimates and assumptions
include
 but are not specifically limited to
 those required in the valuation of long-lived assets
 allowance for doubtful accounts
reserves for inventory obsolescence
 valuation allowances for value added tax (&ldquo;VAT&rdquo;) recoverable and deferred tax
assets
 and determination of stock based compensation.

Revenue Recognition



the sales of various meat products and vegetables and fruits are recognized when these products are delivered to customers in
accordance with previously agreed upon pricing and delivery arrangements
 and the collectability of these sales is reasonably
assured. Since the products sold by the Company are primarily perishable and frozen food products
 the right of return is only
valid for a few days and has been determined to be insignificant by the management of the Company. Accordingly
 no provision has
been made for returnable goods. Revenues presented on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income are net
of sales taxes.




all highly-liquid investments with maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash accounts
at creditworthy financial institutions and closely monitors the movements of its cash positions.

Restricted Cash and
Bank Notes Payable 


credit agreements with certain of its lenders
 Henan Zhongpin has agreed to maintain with such lenders an amount of cash that
will serve as collateral for its delivery of such lenders&rsquo; bank promissory notes. The amount of bank promissory notes that
are to be delivered by Henan Zhongpin to such lenders can be up to twice the amount of such deposits. As such deposits may not
be withdrawn by Henan Zhongpin without restriction
 such cash deposits are presented as &ldquo;restricted cash&rdquo; on the consolidated
balance sheets.




notes issued by banks in the normal course of business as payment for products sold by the Company. These bank notes receivables
have maturity dates of up to 180 days and bear no interest. In addition
 the Company may also acquire bank notes receivable
 with
maturity of less than 6 months
 from third parties
 at a lower cost compared to the face value of the bank notes
 so as to earn
the interest.


these bank notes until the maturity date and collect the amount from the issuing banks
 or the Company can use these bank notes
as means for payment for goods or services received. The Company accrues no provision for these bank notes as such bank notes
have little risk of default in China.


    
    


Accounts Receivable



of business
 the Company's policy is to ask customers to make deposits in reasonable and meaningful amounts on a case-by-case
basis. For certain customers
 the Company may extend unsecured credit.


evaluates and monitors the creditworthiness of each of its customers in accordance with the prevailing practice in the meat industry
and based on general economic conditions in China. The Company maintains a general policy of providing 100% allowance for doubtful
accounts in an amount equal to the aggregate amount of those accounts that are not collected within one year plus an amount equal
to 5% of the aggregate amount of accounts receivable less than one year old. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed
the receivable is written off against the allowance. The Company also examines the credit terms of significant customers regularly
and asks for more cash deposits if these customers appear to have any indicators of delaying their payments to the Company. Such
deposits are usually applied for the collection of the outstanding accounts receivable during the year. With such a practice in
place
 the Company did not have any specific allowance for doubtful accounts provided against specific customers as of December
31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 respectively.


allowance activities in accounts receivable.



    

 2012

 2011

    
    
    

    
2
323
920
1
708
479

    
2
478
601
714
685

    
(26
995
(99
244

    
4
775
526
2
323
920





of raw materials and low-value consumables
 work-in-progress
 and finished goods. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
or market-based prices according to the weighted average method. Production cost components include the purchase cost of live
hogs
 direct labor
 depreciation
 packaging material
 utility expense and other manufacturing overhead. By using a systematic
costing system
 the production cost is allocated to various products at the stage of work-in-progress and finished goods
 respectively.
Net realizable value is the estimated selling price
 in the ordinary course of business
 less estimated costs to complete and
dispose. The Company regularly inspects the shelf life of prepared foods and
 if necessary
 writes down their carrying value based
on their salability and expiration dates as cost of goods sold.

Property




 plant and equipment
are recorded at cost and are stated net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation expense is determined using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:


    
    




    
    
Estimated
        Useful

        Life
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



are charged directly to expense as incurred
 whereas improvements and renewals are generally capitalized in their respective property
accounts. When an item is retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and applicable accumulated depreciation are removed and the
resulting gain or loss is recognized and reflected as a line item under other income (expenses).




owns all of the parcels of land on which the Company's plants are built. In China
 land use rights for commercial purposes are
granted by the PRC government typically for a term of 40-50 years. The Company is required to pay a lump sum of money to the State
Land and Resource Ministry of the applicable locality to acquire such rights. The Company capitalizes the lump sum of money paid
and amortizes these land use rights by using the straight line method over the term of the land use license granted by the applicable
governmental authority.

Construction in Progress and Interest
Capitalization


is stated at cost. The cost accumulation process starts from the time the construction project is set-up and ends at the time
the project has been put into service and all regulatory permits and approvals have been received. The Company borrows bank loans
from time to time for these construction projects. The interest costs incurred from these specific borrowings for construction
projects were capitalized during the construction process.




assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable
through the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of that asset. Whenever
any such impairment exists
 an impairment loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair
value. For information on impairment associated with long-lived assets
 please see Note 5.




of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 advance to vendors
 accounts payable and accrued
liabilities
 short-term loans are reasonable estimates of their fair value because of the short maturity of these items. The
carrying amounts of capital lease obligations approximate their fair value based on the Company&rsquo;s current incremental
borrowing rates for similar types of arrangements. Long-term debt approximates fair value since the bank term loans are fixed
rate instruments and bear interests at the rate dictated and published by the People's Bank of China. The current rates
published by the People's Bank of China approximate the interest rates of the loans outstanding. Please see Note 14 for
further details of fair value measurement.


    
    





the PRC entities participate in a government mandated employer defined contribution plan
 pursuant to which certain pension benefits
medical care
 unemployment insurance and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require the
Company to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees&rsquo; salaries. The total provision for such
employee benefits was $2
206
890
 $1
449
978 and $839
062 for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.




fees are included in selling expenses as incurred.




expensed as incurred. Advertising expense amounted to $3
407
486
 $3
913
185 and $3
484
126 for fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.




are subject to a VAT imposed by the PRC government on their domestic product sales. The output VAT is charged to customers who
purchase goods from the Company and the input VAT is paid when the Company purchases goods from its vendors. Input VAT rates are
13% for most of the purchasing activities conducted by the Company. Output VAT rate is 13% for chilled pork products
 frozen pork
products and vegetable and fruit products
 and 17% for prepared meat products. The input VAT can be offset against the output
VAT. The VAT payable or recoverable balance presented on the consolidated balance sheets represents either the input VAT less
than or larger than the output VAT. The debit balance represents a credit against future collections of output VAT instead of
a receivable.


basis
 the Company forecasts for each of its subsidiaries separately the amount of sales revenue necessary to fully utilize
the VAT recoverable. Once the VAT recoverable for a subsidiary is determined to be non-recoverable in part or in full
 the
VAT recoverable is written off and booked as cost of goods sold or as impairment loss
 depending on the nature of the event
triggering the VAT write-off. The factors considered when evaluating to which account VAT recoverable is written off are as
follows: i) if VAT is determined to be non-recoverable due to significant underperformance relative to expected historical or
projected future operating results or negative industry or economic trend
 VAT recoverable will be written-off to cost of
goods sold
 or ii) if VAT is determined to be non-recoverable due to significant changes in the strategy of the overall
business
 VAT recoverable would be written off as impairment loss. For information on write-offs of VAT recoverable
 please
see Note 4.




its leases at the inception date as either a capital lease or an operating lease. A lease is a capital lease if the following
conditions exist: a) ownership is transferred to the lessee by the end of the lease term
 b) there is a bargain purchase option
c) the lease term is at least 75% of the property&rsquo;s estimated remaining economic life or d) the present value of the minimum
lease payments at the beginning of the lease term is 90% or more of the fair value of the leased property to the lessor at the
inception date. A capital lease is accounted for as if there was an acquisition of an asset and an incurrence of an obligation
at the inception of the lease. All other leases are accounted for as operating leases. There is no capital leases commitment as
of December 31
 2012. For information on capital and operating leases
 please see Note 15.


    
    




The
Company receives employee and certain non-employee services in exchange for (a) equity instruments of the Company or (b) liabilities
that are based on the fair value of the Company's equity instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of such equity instruments.
The Company accounts for stock compensation expense under the fair value recognition provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board
 Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718 (ASC 718)
 which requires companies to estimate the fair value of share-based
payment awards on the date of grant using an option pricing model. See Note 12
 &quot;Stock Warrants and Options&quot;
 for further
discussion on stock compensation expense.




does not include dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution of securities that could
share in the earnings of an entity
 similar to fully-diluted earnings per share. Such shares are excluded if determined to be
Of the 787
000 options outstanding at December 31
 2012
 547
000 options were anti-dilutive and therefore
excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. The number of shares of common stock underlying the outstanding stock
warrants and options at December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were 240
000
 767
564 and 1
055
564
 respectively
 which were all included
in the computation of diluted earnings per share.




in China receive government subsidies from local Chinese government agencies in accordance with relevant Chinese government policies.
In general
 the Company presents the government subsidies received as part of other income unless the subsidies received are earmarked
to compensate a specific expense
 which have been accounted for by offsetting the specific expense
 such as research and development
expense or interest expenses. Unearned government subsidies received are deferred for recognition until the criteria for such
recognition could be met.




expenses are expensed as incurred. The research and development expenses for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
were $573
508
 $495
815 and $638
899
 respectively.




and relevant regulations in the PRC
 all of the subsidiaries of the Company located in the PRC are required to appropriate a portion
of its retained earnings to statutory reserve. All subsidiaries located in the PRC are required to appropriate 10% of its annual
after-tax income each year to the statutory reserve until the statutory reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital.
In general
 the statutory reserve shall not be used for dividend distribution purposes. For the years ended December 31
 2012
2011 and 2010
 the appropriation of statutory reserves were $4.6 million
 $7.1 million and $6.4 million
 respectively. As of December
31
 2012 and 2011
 the appropriation of statutory reserves were $34.1 million and $29.5 million
 respectively
 and included in
the Company&rsquo;s retained earnings.


    
    




The
Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Codification 220
 
 which establishes standards for reporting
and presentation of comprehensive income and its components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements. The Company
has chosen to report comprehensive income in the statements of operations and comprehensive income. Comprehensive income is comprised
of net income and all changes to shareholders' equity except those due to investments by owners and distributions to owners.




deferred tax liabilities and assets. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequence attributable
to the difference between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rate expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those
temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date.

Zhongpin
Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 4
 2003 and is subject to federal income tax and Delaware
state income tax. Falcon Link was established under the laws of the British Virgin Islands on July 21
 2005 and is not subject


 2012
 and is subject to Hong Kong
profits tax of 16.5%. The Company's other subsidiaries
 which are all located in China
 are subject to the PRC Enterprise Income
Tax (&quot;EIT&quot;) Law
 which became effective January 1
 2008 and has a uniform statutory tax rate of 25 percent. Under the
EIT Law
 income derived by an enterprise from the primary processing of agricultural products (including slaughtering live hogs)
is exempt from EIT. Consequently
 10 of the Company's 19 subsidiaries in China which principally operate in the slaughtering business
in China
 are exempted from EIT. Such exempted income before income tax is deemed as part of a permanent difference for the purpose
to determine the proper income tax provision.


9 subsidiaries in China are subject to the uniform 25% tax rate in relation to non-primary processing of agricultural products
and the Company's subsidiary in Hong Kong is subject to Hong Kong profits tax of 16.5%. The following table provides a summary
of the EIT and profit tax status.


    
    




Subsidiaries
    Subject to Enterprise Income Tax
    
Tax
    Rate

Henan Zhongpin Food Share
    Company Limited
    
EIT Exemption for slaughtering business and 25% for
    other businesses

Zhumadian
    Zhongpin Food Company Limited
    
EIT Exemption for slaughtering
    business

Anyang Zhongpin Food Company
    Limited
    
    

Deyang Zhongpin Food Company
    Limited
    
    

    
    
    

Yongcheng Zhongpin Food Company
    Limited
    
    

Tianjin Zhongpin Food Company
    Limited
    
    

Jilin Zhongpin Food Company
    Limited
    
    

Taizhou Zhongpin Food Company
    Limited
    
    

Changchun Zhongpin Food Company
    Limited
    
    

Henan
    Zhongpin Xinda Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Company Limited
    
    

Kunshan
    Zhongpin Cold Chain Logistics Company Limited
    
    

Henan
    Zhongpin Food Company Limited
    
    

Henan Zhongpin Import and
    Export Trading Company Limited
    
    

Henan Zhongpin Fresh Food
    Logistics Company Limited
    
    

Henan Zhongpin Business Development
    Company Limited
    
    

Henan Zhongpin Agriculture
    and Animal Husbandry Industry Development Company Limited
    
    

Company
    Limited
    
    

Company
    Limited
    
    

Zhongpin (Hong&nbsp;&nbsp;Kong) Trading
    Co.
 Limited (&ldquo;HK Zhongpin&rdquo;)
    
    



enterprise income tax return concept in China. As a result
 if one subsidiary has net income
 that net income cannot be offset
by the loss incurred in another subsidiary within the consolidated company. Similarly
 if one subsidiary has a net operating loss
that net operation loss cannot be offset by the net income in another subsidiary within the consolidated company.


the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination
by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements
from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being
realized upon ultimate settlement. See Note 10
 Income Taxes
 for further information regarding our income taxes.




statements for prior years reflect certain reclassifications
 which have no effect on previously reported results
 to conform
to the current year presentation.




recently issued accounting standards which have not yet been adopted in order to determine their potential effect
 if any
 on
the results of operations or financial position of the Company. Based on that review
 the Company does not believe that any of
those accounting pronouncements will have a significant effect on its current or future financial position
 results of operations
cash flows or disclosures.


    
    







31
 2012 and 2011 consisted of:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
466
664
6
066
074

    
1
685
431
1
918
019

    
3
955
169
5
385
610

    
25
871
962
28
574
317

    
    
    

    
37
979
226
41
944
020



    
    







31
 2012 and 2011 is as follows:



    



    
    
    


 net of impairment
42
682
114
35
166
505

    
(9
962
571
(4
693
641

    
32
719
543
30
472
864



 2012
2011 and 2010
 valuation allowance against VAT recoverable totaled to $5
268
930
 $4
693
641 and nil
 respectively.


 the
Company suspended the production activities of Deyang Zhongpin due to the increasing raw material hog prices in the region and
has planned to change the subsidiary into a trading only subsidiary. The Company determined that the VAT recoverable balance for
Deyang Zhongpin will not be utilized as trading of agricultural products are not subject to input or output value-added taxation.
As such
 Deyang Zhongpin&rsquo;s entire VAT recoverable balance of $1
335
545 was written off as impairment loss in 2012.


 the
Company terminated the operating leases of buildings and equipment of Jilin Zhongpin due to the new opening of Changchun Zhongpin
which will substantially cover the Jilin province
 and suspended the production activities in Jilin Zhongpin. The Company determined
that the VAT recoverable balance for Jilin Zhongpin will not be utilized as there will not be any output VAT generation for input
VAT deduction in the future. As such
 Jilin Zhongpin&rsquo;s entire VAT recoverable balance of $1
614
167 was written off as impairment
loss in 2011.


 the
Company terminated the operating leases of buildings and equipment of Heilongjiang Zhongpin due to the local market condition
as well as the fact that the leased equipment was getting too outdated. The Company determined that the VAT recoverable balance
for Heilongjiang Zhongpin will not be utilized as there will not be any output VAT generation for input VAT deduction in the future.
As a result
 Heilongjiang Zhongpin&rsquo;s entire VAT recoverable balance of $1
015
780 was written off as impairment loss in
2010.


PROPERTY
 PLANT




 plant and equipment
as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 is as follows:



    



    
    
    


 net of impairment
368
003
263
326
254
157


 net of impairment
156
202
442
136
356
055

    
7
101
927
6
058
994

    
4
522
289
4
010
629

    
(65
382
146
(44
749
964

    
470
447
775
427
929
871



for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $23
364
078
 $17
415
069 and $13
613
922
 respectively.


    
    



property
 plant and equipment under the sale-leaseback agreement at cost as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 is as follows:



    
At
    December 31


    
    
    

    
    
171
678

    
    
18
774
120

    
    
41
492

    
    
4
414

    
    
(2
475
320

    
    
16
516
384



were fully amortised upon termination of the sale-leaseback agreements in November 2012. The deferred losses included in the property
and equipment balance were $0 and $1
375
173 at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 and would be amortized over the lease
term. Of the depreciation expenses
 $1
372
641 and $1
120
654 were amortization of deferred loss and depreciation expense from
assets under capital lease
 respectively
 for the year ended December 31
 2012; $1
513
776 and $1
472
010 were amortization of
deferred loss and depreciation expense from assets under capital lease
 respectively
 for the year ended December 31
 2011.


2012
 the Company suspended the production activities of Deyang Zhongpin due to the increasing raw material hog prices and its
underperformance in the past years and determined that the carrying value of the assets at Deyang Zhongpin will not be fully recovered.
In accordance with the Company&rsquo;s policy for impairment of long-lived assets
 an impairment loss of $2
712
908 was recorded
in the fourth quarter of 2012 to adjust the carrying value of Deyang Zhongpin&rsquo;s property
 plant and equipment to the Company&rsquo;s
estimate of their fair value. Fair value was estimated using the replacement cost method by comparison to the available surrounding
market. As the Company has no intention to sell the facility
 no third party buyer price was solicited. For the years ended December
31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 impairment loss of property
 plant and equipment were $2
712
908
 nil and nil
 respectively.






land use rights as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 are summarized as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
124
983
885
102
918
358

    
(8
198
116
(5
936
965

    
116
785
769
96
981
393



land use rights for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $2
390
501
 $1
886
475
 $1
422
251
 respectively.


    
    












31
 2012 and 2011 consisted of the following:




    
    

&nbsp;2012

&nbsp;2011

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
886
362

    
    
    
926
939

    
    
    
30
838
187

    
    
    
128
865

    
    
    
5
576
932

    
    
2
215
713
1
065
420

    
    
375
627
338
682

    
    
42
868
890
62
721

    
    
164
712
108
762

    
    
40
838
785
7
954
354

    
    
46
138
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
86
509
865
47
887
224



in process is $4.4 million. For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the amount of interest capitalized is $0 and $354
719
respectively.





Represents date all regulatory permits and approvals are received and project is placed in service. In certain cases
 construction
of a project may be substantially completed and the project may be operational during a testing period prior to such date.


    
    






Short-term bank
million aggregate principal amount of short-term
bank loans at December 31
 2012
million were guaranteed
by the Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries in China
 loans in the aggregate principal amount of $8.0 million were secured by land use
right of the Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries
 and loans in the aggregate principal amount of $19.1 million were guaranteed by Huanghe
Enterprises Group Co.
 Ltd.
 an unaffiliated third party (&ldquo;Huanghe Group&rdquo;). These loans bear interest at prevailing
lending rates in China ranging from 5.88 % to 7.22% per annum.






long-term debt arrangements at December&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011 were as follows:



    

&nbsp;2012

&nbsp;2011

    
    
    

    
24
659
932
14
283
674

    
76
525
336
81
099
525

    
1
052
087
1
197
758

    
11
932
225
15
077
211

    
38
183
120
    

    
1
623
549
1
619
581

    
153
976
249
113
277
749

    
(52
183
597
(16
016
419

    
101
792
652
97
261
330



 Changchun Zhongpin entered
into a loan agreement with China Development Bank pursuant to which Changchun Zhongpin may borrow up to RMB 300 million ($47.7
million).&nbsp; Changchun Zhongpin drew down RMB 125 million ($19.9 million) in April 2012
 RMB 76 million ($12.1 million) in July
2012 and RMB39 million ($6.2 million) in October 2012. As of December 31
 2012
 Changchun Zhongpin had RMB 60 million ($9.5 million)
available for borrowing under such loan agreement. All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate
that is based on the prime rate published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown
date (7.21% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&rsquo;s
Bank of China during the term of the loan) and RMB 240 million ($38.2 million) are payable in installments on various scheduled
repayment dates between April 2013 and May 2020. Borrowings under the loan agreement are guaranteed by Henan Zhongpin and secured
by all of Henan Zhongpin&rsquo;s equity interests in Tianjin Zhongpin and Yongcheng Zhongpin.


 Henan Zhongpin entered into
a loan agreement with China Construction Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 15 million ($2.4 million). All amounts
borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&rsquo;s
Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.65% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable
on each anniversary of the agreement based on the prime rate published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China for loans with the same
or similar terms) and are payable in March 2014. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 property
and plant of Yongcheng Zhongpin.


    
    



 Henan Zhongpin entered into
a loan agreement with China Construction Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 50 million ($8.0 million). All amounts
borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&rsquo;s
Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.65% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable
on each anniversary of the agreement based on the prime rate published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China for loans with the same
or similar terms) and are payable in March 2014. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 property
and plant of Yongcheng Zhongpin.


 Henan Zhongpin entered into
a loan agreement with China Construction Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 50 million ($8.0 million). All amounts
borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&rsquo;s
Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.08% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable
on the anniversary of the agreement based on the prime rate published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China for loans with the same
or similar terms) and are payable in installments in March and June 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the
land use rights
 property and plant of Henan Zhongpin.


 Henan Zhongpin entered
into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 25 million ($4.0 million).
All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the
People&rsquo;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.15% per annum on December 31
 2012
and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China during
the term of the loan) and are payable in December 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
property and plant of Henan Zhongpin.


 Henan Zhongpin
entered into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 75 million
($11.9 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime
rate published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40 % per
annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the
People&rsquo;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable in installments on various scheduled repayment
dates between September 2011 and December 2014. Borrowings under the loan agreement are guaranteed by our wholly owned
subsidiary
 Zhumadian Zhongpin. Henan Zhongpin  has repaid $0.5 million in aggregate
 and $11.4 million remained outstanding
as of December 31
 2012


 Tianjin Zhongpin entered into
a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Tianjin Zhongpin may borrow up to RMB 300 million ($47.7
million). Tianjin Zhongpin drew down RMB 50 million ($8.0 million) in July 2010
 RMB 80 million ($12.7 million) in November 2010
and RMB 110 million ($17.5 million) in May 2011. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 property
and plant of Tianjin Zhongpin. As of December 31
 2012
 the total outstanding balance under the agreement was $30.2 million and
Tianjin Zhongpin had $1.6 million available for borrowing under the loan agreement. All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement
bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China for loans with the
same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following
the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable in installments
in June 2013
 2014 and 2015.


    
    



 Henan Zhongpin entered into
a loan agreement with China Construction Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 40 million ($6.4 million). All amounts
borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&rsquo;s
Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (5.76% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable
on each anniversary of date of the agreement based on the prime rate published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China for loans with
the same or similar terms) and are payable on June 29
 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
property and plant of Henan Zhongpin.


 in connection with the purchase
of a piece of land from Changge Old Town
 Changge Old Town extended a loan to Henan Zhongpin with a principal amount of RMB 10.2
million ($1.6 million) and bearing interest at the rate of 7.00% per annum payable on June 30
 2010 and each anniversary thereafter.
Such loan does not have a fixed term and the principal amount of the loan should be repaid by Henan Zhongpin upon six months prior
written notice from Changge Old Town. The full amount of the loan remained outstanding as of December 31
 2012.


 Henan Zhongpin entered
into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 53 million ($8.4
million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate
published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40% per annum
on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the
People&rsquo;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable in installments on various scheduled repayment
dates between December 2011 and December 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
property and plant of Henan Zhongpin. Henan Zhongpin has repaid $6.3 million in aggregate
 and $2.1 million remained
outstanding as of December 31
 2012.


 Henan Zhongpin entered
into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 71 million ($11.3 million).
All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the
People&rsquo;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.15% per annum on December 31
 2012
and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China during
the term of the loan) and are payable on February 3
 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
property and plant of Henan Zhongpin.


 Henan Zhongpin entered
into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 70 million ($11.1 million).
All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the
People&rsquo;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40% per annum on December 31
 2012
and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China during
the term of the loan) and are payable in installments on various scheduled repayment dates between December 2010 and December 2014.
Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 property and plant of Luoyang Zhongpin. Henan Zhongpin
has repaid $1.4 million in aggregate
 and $9.7 million remained outstanding as of December 31
 2012.


 Henan Zhongpin entered
into a loan agreement with China Merchants Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 95 million ($15.1 million). The first
50% of the loan was drawn down in November 2009 and the remaining 50% of the loan was drawn down in March 2010. All amounts borrowed
under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&rsquo;s Bank
of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in
the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China during the term of the loan)
and are payable in installments on various scheduled repayment dates between November 2012 and November 2014.Borrowings under the
loan agreement are guaranteed by Luoyang Zhongpin.


    
    



 Henan Zhongpin entered into
a loan agreement with the Bank of Communications
 Zhengzhou Branch
 which is the intermediary bank for a 40-year term loan in the
amount of $2
504
969 from the Canadian government. Under the terms of the loan agreement
 58% of the principal amount ($1
452
882)
of this loan bears interest at the fixed rate of 6.02% per annum and remaining principal amount of this loan is interest free.
The loan is repayable in a fixed amount of $42
083
 which includes both principal and interest
 that is payable on a semi-annual
basis through November 15
 2041. Borrowings under the loan agreement are guaranteed by the Financing Department of Henan province.


obligation for the next five years:





    

    
52
183
597

    
52
660
887

    
20
682
523

    
5
409
275

    
23
039
967

    
153
976
249

    
(52
183
597

    
101
792
652



loans outstanding as of December 31
 2012
 $109
140
085 are secured by land use rights and property
 plant and equipment of the
Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries. The total amount of land use rights and property
 plant and equipment pledged was $181
650
364 as
of December 31
 2012.


 2012
 2011
and 2010
 loan interest including short-term and long-term bank loans of $34
213
004
 $23
544
822 and $8
655
602 were incurred
and $34
213
004
 $23
190
103 and $ $7
535
089 were charged to interest expense
 respectively.





income taxes for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 was as following:



    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
55
334
341
73
029
299
66
794
810

    
(3
937
9
297
9
789

    
(5
556
602
(4
015
523
(4
291
105

    
49
773
802
69
023
073
62
513
494



    
    



December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 was as follows:



    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
5
666
387
4
738
934
4
260
084

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(7
764
69
107
(26
559

    
    
    
    

    
5
658
623
4
808
041
4
233
525



the net tax effects of temporary differences between carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes
and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components that give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities as of
December&nbsp;31
 2012 were as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
653
165
315
342

    
219
614
257
449

    
(72
600
    

    
800
179
572
791

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
142
290
(603
109

    
10
057
599
7
553
484

    
8
915
309
6
950
375

    
    
    

    
(9
659
178
(7
474
774

    
    
    

    
(743
869
(524
399



operating loss (&ldquo;NOLs&rdquo;) of $23
808
453 and $18
251
851 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Under the U.S.
tax laws
 the net operating loss can be carried forward for 20 years and carried back for 2 years. Accordingly
 the nominal deferred
tax assets could be $8
094
874 as of December 31
 2012. A valuation allowance is required when there is significant uncertainty
as to the realizability of deferred tax assets. Because the realization of the U.S. entity&rsquo;s deferred tax assets is dependent
upon future income in the U.S. operations that have generated losses
 management determined that the U.S. entity does not meet
the &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; threshold that NOLs and deferred tax assets will be realized. Accordingly
 the full amount
of the valuation allowance was provided against the potential tax benefits.


net operating loss of $7
851
933 and $4
661
345 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Under the PRC tax laws
 the net
operating loss can be carried forward for 5 years and cannot be carried back. Accordingly
 the nominal deferred tax assets could
be $1
962
725 as of December 31
 2012. Management believes that only portion of these potential tax benefits is more likely than
not to be realized as these PRC subsidiaries will generate operating profits in the foreseeable future. As a result
 a valuation
allowance of $1
706
373 was provided against the potential tax benefits for the PRC subsidiaries.


    
    



the PRC subsidiaries of Zhongpin Inc. is obligated to withhold income tax on dividends paid-out to the U.S. entity
 a foreign entity
and non-resident
 for earnings retained after January 1
 2008. As the PRC subsidiaries are wholly or majority owned by the U.S.
holding entity
 the Company anticipates no cash dividends in the foreseeable futures
 and all earnings will be used to re-invest
in the PRC subsidiaries. Accordingly
 no withholding income taxes were accrued.


tax rate and the expected federal statutory rate was as follows:



    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



to tax-exempted profits that were derived from conducting slaughtering live stock business.





Activities
in 2012


 warrants to purchase an aggregate
of 2
375 shares of common stock were exercised with an exercise price of $8.00 per share on a cashless basis. In connection with
these transactions
 the Company issued an aggregate of 680 shares of common stock. For cash flow purposes
 these transactions were
non-cash transactions.


 options to purchase an aggregate
of 20
000 shares of common stock were exercised on a broker-assisted cashless basis. In connection with the transaction
 the Company
issued 20
000 shares of common stock and received approximately $0.2 million.


 the Company repurchased 368
300
shares of common stock from the secondary market. In connection with the transaction
 the Company paid approximately $3.1 million.




 the Company issued 5
000
000
shares of common stock at $14.10 per share. In connection with the transaction
 the Company received approximately $66.4 million.


 warrants to purchase an aggregate
of 15
000 units were exercised on a cashless basis. Each unit is comprised of two shares of the Company's Series&nbsp;A preferred
stock and a five-year warrant to purchase one share of the Company's common stock with the exercise price of $5.00 per share. At
the time of exercise of the unit warrants
 the holders also exercised the underlying warrants to purchase shares of common stock.
In connection with these transactions
 the Company issued an aggregate of 17
342 shares of common stock. For cash flow purposes
these transactions were non-cash transactions.


 the Company repurchased 2
798
538
shares of common stock from the secondary market. In connection with the transaction
 the Company paid approximately $23.1 million.


    
    







 2012
 the Company had
outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 787
000 shares of common stock. No warrants are outstanding as of December 31
2012.


 2006
 the Company&rsquo;s
board of directors and shareholders adopted and approved
 and on February 27
 2007 the Company&rsquo;s board of directors and shareholders
approved the amendment and restatement of
 the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Incentive
Plan&rdquo;). The Incentive Plan allows for awards of stock options
 restricted stock grants and share appreciation rights for
up to 1
800
000 shares of common stock. On April 21
 2008
 the Compensation Committee of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
approved
 and on June 26
 2008 the Company&rsquo;s shareholders approved
 an amendment to the Incentive Plan for the purpose of
increasing the authorized shares from 1
800
000 shares to 2
500
000 shares.







On March 31
2011
 the Company granted stock options to an executive officer to purchase 34
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
with an exercise price of $15.15 per share


 with the expense being recognized
ratably over the requisite service period (one year for the executive officer) and will expire on the fourth anniversary of the
vesting date.

On April 24
2011
240
000 shares of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock with an exercise price of $15.48 per share
 equal to the closing price of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock on April 21
 2011


accounted for using the fair value method
 with the expense being recognized ratably over the requisite service period (one year)
and will expire on the fourth anniversary of the vesting date.




 2010
 the Company granted
stock options to an executive officer to purchase 33
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock with an exercise price of $12.70
per share
 equal to the closing price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on March 31
 2010. These options were accounted for using
the fair value method
 with the expense being recognized ratably over the requisite service period (one year for the executive
officer) and will expire on the fourth anniversary of the vesting date.


 2010
 the Company
granted stock options to its 22 employees to purchase 240
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock with an exercise
price of $13.42 per share
 equal to the closing price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on April 23
 2010
 the last trading
day before April 24
 2010 (Saturday). These options were accounted for using the fair value method
 with the expense being
recognized ratably over the requisite service period (one year) and will expire on the fourth anniversary of the vesting
date.


    
    



which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all stock-based payment awards made to the Company&rsquo;s
employees and directors
 including stock options and employee stock purchases. Stock-based compensation expense for stock options
was based on the grant-date fair value. During the process of estimating the fair value of the stock options granted and recognizing
share-based compensation
 the following assumptions were adopted.


these awards was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions
 assuming
no expected dividends:



    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


The expected
volatilities are based on the historical volatility of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The observation is made on a weekly basis.
The observation period covered is consistent with the expected life of the options. The risk-free rate is consistent with the
expected terms of the stock options and is based on the United States Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. In
estimating expected lives of the options

 along with
historical experience; however
 due to insufficient historical data from which to reliably estimate expected lives
 Zhongpin used
estimates based on the &ldquo;simplified method&rdquo; set forth by the SEC in Staff Accounting Bulletins No.&nbsp;107
 where
expected life is estimated by summing the award&rsquo;s vesting term and contractual term and dividing that result by two. Insufficient
historical data from which to reliably estimate expected lives is expected to exist for the foreseeable future due to different
terms associated with awards granted in recent years
 along with other factors.


 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the Company
had nil
 $446
026 and $446
026 unrecognized stock-based compensation

warrant and option activities during the two-year period ended December 31
 2012 is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
055
564
    
    
    

    
720
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
274
000
    
    
    

    
(15
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
314
564
    
    
    

    
993
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(22
375
    
    
    

    
(505
189
    
    
    

    
787
000
    
    
    

    
787
000
    
    
    



    
    



grant-date fair value of stock warrants and options granted during the years 2012
 2011 and 2010 was nil
 $6.10
 $5.40
 respectively.
The total intrinsic value of warrants and options exercised during the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 was approximately
$29
750
 $208
500 and $9
577
157
 respectively.


of options vested during the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 was $4
230
300
 $1
474
050
 $1
480
100
 respectively.
The total stock-based compensation for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $515
566
 $1
610
815 and $2
343
771
respectively.





for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were as follows:



    



    
    
    
    

    
44
068
677
64
220
727
58
279
969

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
37
273
652
38
505
027
34
837
656

    
55
140
34
853
432
754

    
37
328
792
38
539
880
35
270
410



000 options outstanding at December
31
 2012
 547
000 options were anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the
year ended December 31
 2012. 240
000 options were dilutive and therefore included in the computation of diluted earnings per share
for the year ended December 31
 2012. All potentially dilutive securities were included in diluted earnings per share for the year
ended December 31
 2012 as the average market price is greater than the exercise price of the options outstanding.






 which defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in GAAP
and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It does not require any new fair value measurements
 but provides guidance
on how to measure fair value by providing a fair value hierarchy used to classify the source of the information. It establishes
a three-level valuation hierarchy of valuation techniques based on observable and unobservable inputs
 which may be used to measure
fair value and include the following:


for identical assets or liabilities.


    
    



that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets
that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the
full term of the assets or liabilities.


supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.


determined based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.


the Company including cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 other receivables
 advance to vendors
 accrued liabilities and
short-term borrowings loans
 approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature and are classified within Level 1 of
the fair value hierarchy. The Company&rsquo;s financial items are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The carrying
amount of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 advance to vendors
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
and short-term loans are reasonable estimates of their fair value because of the short-term nature of these items.


forth the Company's financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis and where they are classified
within the hierarchy as of December 31
 2012:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
64
781
137
    
64
781
137
    

    
153
976
249
    
153
976
249
    


Note receivable
approximates fair value since it bears interest at SHIBOR
 as is normally charged for notes of similar nature. Long-term debt approximates
fair value since the bank loans are fixed rate instruments and bear interests at the rate dictated and published by the People's
Bank of China. The current rates published by the People's Bank of China approximate the interest rates of the loans outstanding.








 Henan Zhongpin
entered into a mutual guarantee agreement with Huanghe Group
 upon the expiration of a previous mutual guarantee agreement between
Henan Zhongpin and Huanghe Group. Under the agreement
 Henan Zhongpin agreed to guarantee bank loans of Huanghe Group in an amount
up to $23.9 million and Huanghe Group agreed to guarantee Henan Zhongpin&rsquo;s bank loans in an amount up to $23.9 million. The
agreement will expire in May 2013. At the expiration of the agreement
 each party will remain obligated under its guarantee for
any loans of the other party that are outstanding on the date of expiration of the agreement.


is to provide each party with a credit line from banks that would have otherwise been unavailable absent the guarantee. As bank
credit loans are generally unavailable in China
 companies are required to provide either a pledge of assets
 a third-party guarantee
or a combination of both in order to receive loans. In the case of pledges
 companies can pledge their assets
 including
 among
other things
 land
 buildings and machines
 to banks as collateral to secure loans; however
 banks generally will only loan up
to 50% to 70% of the value of the pledged assets. Alternatively
 if a company provides the banks with a guarantee agreement
 the
banks generally will loan up to 90% to 100% of the amount being guaranteed.


    
    



to repay loans on behalf of Huanghe Group will only arise if Huanghe Group cannot repay its loans and proceeds from liquidating
Huanghe Group&rsquo;s pledged assets are insufficient to cover its outstanding debt. Henan Zhongpin&rsquo;s actual liability for
such guarantee
 should the guarantee obligation become due
 will vary depending on the difference between the outstanding bank
loan plus accrued interest and the proceeds received for the liquidated collateral. Henan Zhongpin did not pledge any of its assets
in connection with the mutual guarantee agreement as this guarantee was not based on credit quality concerns
 but rather based
on the local banks&rsquo; requirements. In the event Henan Zhongpin is required to pay all or a portion of any loans covered by
the mutual guarantee
 Henan Zhongpin would seek reimbursement for such payment from Huanghe Group.


 2012
&nbsp;Henan Zhongpin&nbsp;had
outstanding guarantees for $18.9 million of Huanghe Group&rsquo;s bank loans under the agreement. All of the bank loans guaranteed
by Henan Zhongpin will mature within the next 12 months. As a result
 the maximum potential amount of future payments (undiscounted)
Henan Zhongpin could be obligated to make under the mutual guarantee at such date was $18.9 million. The Company did not record
any liability on its balance sheet with respect to this mutual guarantee as the Company believes
 based upon its continuing due
diligence on Huanghe Group and its business
 that Henan Zhongpin&rsquo;s liability there under remains contingent.




 2012
 the Company announced
that its Board of Directors had received a preliminary
 non-binding proposal from the Company&rsquo;s Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer
 Xianfu Zhu
 stating that Mr. Zhu intended to seek to purchase the remaining shares of the Company that he does not presently
own (the &ldquo;Proposed Buyout&rdquo;). Following this announcement
 at least three lawsuits have been filed in Delaware naming
the members of the Company's Board of Directors and/or the Company as defendants. On November 26
 2012
 the Company announced that
it had entered into a definitive merger agreement with Golden Bridge Holdings Limited
 a Cayman Islands exempted company (&quot;Parent&quot;)
Golden Bridge Merger Sub Limited
 a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (&quot;Merger Sub&quot;) and Mr.
Xianfu Zhu (the &ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
the conditions to the transactions contemplated thereby
 at the effective time of the merger
 each share of the Company common
stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than shares owned by (i) Parent or Merger Sub
 (ii)
Mr. Xianfu Zhu
 Mr. Baoke Ben
 Mr. Chaoyang Liu
 Mr. Qinghe Wang
 Mr. Shuichi Si and Ms. Juanjuan Wang
 (iii) the Company or any
direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company or (iv) stockholders who have properly exercised and perfected appraisal
rights under Delaware law)
 will be converted automatically into the right to receive $13.50 in cash
 without interest. Following
the November 2012 announcement of the Merger Agreement
 one additional lawsuit was filed in Delaware naming as defendants the members
of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 the Company
 Parent
 and Merger Sub. It is possible that more lawsuits will occur.


 2012
 a verified shareholder
class action lawsuit was filed by Phillip Meeks in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against the Company and members
of its Board of Directors
 alleging that
 inter alia
 the Company's Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection
with the Proposed Buyout
 and that the price per share proposed by Mr. Zhu represented inadequate consideration in light of the
Company&rsquo;s intrinsic value and future prospects
 and that the Company aided and abetted the breach of fiduciary duties. The
plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing the Company from proceeding with
the Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu
 as well as an award of plaintiffs&rsquo; attorneys&rsquo; fees and costs.
The Company believes that none of the defendants has yet responded to the complaint.


    
    



 2012
 a verified shareholder
class action lawsuit was filed by Richard Bauschard in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against members of the Company's
Board of Directors
 alleging that
 inter alia
 the Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the Proposed
Buyout
 and that the price per share proposed by Mr. Zhu represented inadequate consideration in light of the Company&rsquo;s intrinsic
value and future prospects. The plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing
the defendants from proceeding with the Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu
 as well as an award of plaintiffs&rsquo;
attorneys&rsquo; fees and costs. The Company believes that none of the defendants has yet responded to the complaint.


 2012
 a verified shareholder
class action lawsuit was filed by Harry Vonderlieth in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against the Company and members
of its Board of Directors
 alleging that
 inter alia
 the Company's Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties to the shareholders
in connection with the Proposed Buyout
 and that the price per share proposed by Mr. Zhu represented inadequate consideration in
light of the Company&rsquo;s intrinsic value and future prospects
 and that the Company aided and abetted the breach of fiduciary
duties. The plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing the Company from proceeding
with the Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu
 as well as an award of plaintiffs&rsquo; attorneys&rsquo; fees and costs.
The Company believes that none of the defendants has yet responded to the complaint.


 2012
 after the
announcement of the Company&rsquo;s entering into the Merger Agreement
 a verified shareholder class action lawsuit was filed
by Ernesto Rodriguez in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against the Company and members of its Board
of Directors
 Parent and Merger Sub
 alleging that
 inter alia
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors breached their
fiduciary duties to the Company&rsquo;s shareholders in connection with the Proposed Buyout and the Merger Agreement
 and
that the price per share and other terms provided for in the Merger Agreement are inadequate and unfair in light of the
Company&rsquo;s intrinsic value and future prospects
 and that the Company
 Parent and Merger Sub aided and abetted the
breach of fiduciary duties.&nbsp; The plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order
preventing the Company from proceeding with the Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu
 as well as an award of plaintiffs&rsquo; attorneys&rsquo; fees and
costs.&nbsp;The Company believes that none of the defendants has yet responded to the complaint.


pending class action litigation vigorously.


regarding loss contingencies
 the Company accrues an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss
is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated
 and the Company discloses the amount accrued and an estimate of any reasonably
possible loss in excess of the amount accrued
 if such disclosure is necessary for the Company&rsquo;s financial statements not
to be misleading. The Company does not accrue liabilities when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable
but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated
 or when the liability is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote.


unpredictable
 the evaluation of legal proceedings often involves a series of complex assessments by management about future events
and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. If the assessments indicate that loss contingencies that could be material to
any one of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements are not probable
 but are reasonably possible
 or are probable
 but cannot
be estimated
 then the Company discloses the nature of the loss contingencies
 together with an estimate of the possible loss or
a statement that such loss is not reasonably estimable.


    
    



and claims described above
 such litigation is still in its preliminary stages and the final outcome
 including the Company&rsquo;s
liability
 if any
 with respect to such litigation
 is uncertain. At present
 the Company is unable to estimate a reasonably possible
range of loss
 if any
 that may result from such litigation. If an unfavorable outcome were to occur in the litigation described
above
 the impact could be material to the Company&rsquo;s business
 financial condition
 or results of operations.


 it is not possible to determine
the maximum potential amount under the indemnification provisions under the terms and conditions of applicable bylaws
 certificates
or articles of incorporation
 agreements or applicable law due to the limited history of prior indemnification claims and the preliminary
stages of the litigation.





Zhongpin entered into a sale-leaseback agreement with CMB Financial Leasing Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;CMB Leasing&rdquo;) pursuant to which
Henan Zhongpin sold to CMB Leasing equipment with a book net value of $8.3 million for $5.9 million and leased such equipment back.
The lease payments for this equipment are paid on a quarterly basis over a three-year period and consist of a fixed payment based
upon a 36-month amortization of the purchase price plus an interest component that is based upon the rate announced from time to
time by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China for three-year loans. At December 31
 2012
 the quarterly rental fee under the agreement
was $571
163
 which included an interest component calculated at the rate of 6.15% and adjustable in the quarter following any
rate adjustments published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China. The sale-leaseback agreement ended in November 2012. Henan Zhongpin
repurchased all of the equipment under the sale-leaseback agreement for a nominal purchase price at the end of the lease term.


 Luoyang Zhongpin entered
into a sale-leaseback agreement with CMB Leasing pursuant to which Luoyang Zhongpin sold to CMB Leasing equipment with a book net
value of $6.8 million for $4.4 million and leased such equipment back. The lease payments for this equipment are paid on a quarterly
basis over a three-year period and consist of a fixed payment based upon a 36-month amortization of the purchase price plus an
interest component that is based upon the rate announced from time to time by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China for three-year loans.
As of December 31
 2012
 the quarterly rental fee under the agreement was $428
372
 which included an interest component calculated
at the rate of 6.15% and adjustable in the quarter following any rate adjustments published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China.
The sale-leaseback agreement ended in November 2012. Henan Zhongpin repurchased all of the equipment under the sale-leaseback agreement
for a nominal purchase price at the end of the lease term.

In
November 2009
 Zhumadian Zhongpin entered into a sale-leaseback agreement with De Lage Landen (China) Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;De Lage
Landen&rdquo;) pursuant to which Zhumadian Zhongpin sold to De Lage Landen equipment with a book net value of $5.9 million for
$6.0 million and leased such equipment back. The lease payments for this equipment are paid on a monthly basis over a three-year
period and consist of a fixed payment based upon a 36-month amortization of the purchase price plus an interest component that
is based upon the rate announced from time to time by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China for three-year loans. At December 31
 2012
the monthly rental fee under the agreement was $190
891
 which included an interest component calculated at the rate of 6.15% and


all of the equipment under the sale-leaseback agreement for a nominal purchase price at the end of the lease term.


    
    





 Henan Zhongpin entered into
a lease agreement with China Resources Shuguang Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. for the office in Beijing. The monthly rental
fee and utility fee under the agreement was $8
919 and the lease period is from April 2012 to April 2015.


 2012
 the Company was
obligated under operating leases requiring minimum rental as follows:





    

    
107
030

    
107
030

    
40
136

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
254
196







meat production. The Company&rsquo;s vegetable and fruit operations
 both financially and operationally
 do not represent a significant
enough portion of its business to constitute a separate segment. However
 the Company&rsquo;s product lines are divided into two
divisions: pork and pork products
 and vegetables and fruits.


primarily in the processing of live hogs into fresh
 frozen and processed pork products. The pork and pork products division markets
its products domestically to retail stores and to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators and noncommercial
food service establishments
 such as schools
 hotel chains
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 as well
as in certain international markets on a limited basis.


primarily in the processing of fresh vegetables and fruits. The Company contracts with more than 100 farms in Henan province and
nearby areas to produce high-quality vegetable varieties and fruits suitable for export purposes. The proximity of the contracted
farms to operations ensures freshness from harvest to processing. The Company contracts with those farms to grow more than 25 categories
of vegetables and fruits
 including asparagus
 sweet corn
 broccoli
 mushrooms
 lima beans and strawberries.


    
    







    
 December&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
018.6
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
639.6
1
456.2
    







    
December&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
1
473.0
1
291.7
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
486.2
1
304.9
    







    
December 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    








to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents
with high-quality institutions in PRC. Generally these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and therefore bear minimal risk.




which accounted for 10% or more of the Company&rsquo;s revenues or purchases for any of the years presented in the consolidated
financial statements. No material amount of the Company&rsquo;s business is dependent on government contracts.


    
    






from
 among other things
 intense competition associated with the industry in general
 other risks associated with financing
 liquidity
requirements
 foreign currency exchange rates
 and operating in the PRC under its various laws and restrictions.


CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT COMPANY



Inc. (&quot;the parent company&quot;) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted by the United
States of America. Under the PRC laws and regulations
 the Company's PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer
certain of their net assets to the parent company in the form of dividend payments
 loans and advances. The amounts restricted
include paid-in capital
 capital surplus and statutory reserves
 as determined pursuant to PRC generally accepted accounting principles
totaling RMB 3
811.2 million (equivalent to $606.3 million) and RMB 3
692.2 million (equivalent to $586.0 million) as of December
31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.


unconsolidated financial information of the parent company only:






    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
114
702
598
114
439
523

    
104
185
58
790

    
64
696
33
105

    
114
871
479
114
531
418

    
    
    

    
465
057
311
414
212
872

    
579
928
790
528
744
290

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
859
288
552
047

    
1
950
117
526
749

    
30
557
954
24
286
640

    
33
367
359
25
365
436

    
    
    

    
546
561
431
503
378
854

    
579
928
790
528
744
290



    
    


CONDENSED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS




    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
49
450
279
68
236
250
62
571
074

    
(5
381
602
(4
015
523
(4
291
105

    
44
068
677
64
220
727
58
279
969

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
44
068
677
64
220
727
58
279
969



    
    


CONDENSED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOW




    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
23
131
074
(2
894
129

    
    
(66
356
662
    

    
    
43
225
588
2
888
992

    
    
    
(5
137

    
    
    
    


 beginning of year
    
    
5
137


 end of year
    
    
    





been prepared using the same accounting policies as set out in the Company's consolidated financial statements except that the
parent company has used equity method to account for its investments in subsidiaries.






    

&nbsp;2012

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

&nbsp;in&nbsp;thousands
&nbsp;except&nbsp;per&nbsp;share&nbsp;amounts)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
441
519
415
745
408
212
374
127
1
639
603

    
42
791
39
498
35
621
35
476
153
386

    
16
834
18
280
17
732
19
535
72
381

    
9
848
11
043
10
981
12
197
44
069

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    




    

&nbsp;2011

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

&nbsp;in&nbsp;thousands
&nbsp;except&nbsp;per&nbsp;share&nbsp;amounts)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
405
886
398
086
366
453
285
783
1
456
208

    
36
230
40
037
39
146
35
916
151
329

    
15
252
24
726
23
642
22
784
86
404



    
    




    

&nbsp;2011

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

&nbsp;in&nbsp;thousands
&nbsp;except&nbsp;per&nbsp;share&nbsp;amounts)

    
9
700
18
323
19
315
16
883
64
221

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    



    














     






STATEMENT
OF COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
AND
RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS



    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
34
213
004
23
544
582
8
467
651
7
118
461
4
787
748

    
5
155
21
036
44
325
54
301
210
437


 discounts and capitalized expenses&nbsp;related to indebtedness
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
34
218
159
23
565
618
8
511
976
7
172
762
4
998
185

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
49
773
802
69
023
073
62
513
493
49
409
448
33
845
605

    
34
218
159
23
565
618
8
511
976
7
172
762
4
998
185

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
196
553
1
096
176
23
375
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
83
991
961
92
392
138
69
929
293
56
558
835
38
843
790

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
7
77

    
    
    
    
    
    




    














     





SUBSIDIARIES OF ZHONGPIN
INC.



    
    

    
    

    
    

Henan Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd.
    

Henan Zhongpin Food Share Co.
 Ltd.
    

Zhumadian Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd.
    

Henan Zhongpin Import and Export Trading Co.
 Ltd.
    

Anyang Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd.
    

Deyang Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd.
    

Henan Zhongpin Fresh Food Logistics Co.
 Ltd.
    

Henan Zhongpin Business Development Co.
 Ltd.
    

Luoyang Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd.
    

Yongcheng Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd.
    

Tianjin Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd.
    

Jilin Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd.
    

    
    

Industry Development Co.
 Ltd.
    

Taizhou Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd.
    

Changchun Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd.
    

Kunshan Zhongpin Cold Chain Logistics Co.
 Ltd.
    

    
    

Husbandry Co.
 Ltd.
    

Tangshan Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd.
    

Zhongpin (Hong Kong) Trading Co.
 Ltd.
    

Tianjin Jinghui Hogs Breeding Co.
 Ltd.
    



    














     





CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



 The People&rsquo;s
Republic of China


the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-151136 and No. 333-171093) and Form S-8 (No.
333-156007) of Zhongpin Inc. and its subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) of our reports dated March 18
 2013
 relating to
the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
 which
appear in this Form 10-K.


Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP


 The People&rsquo;s
Republic of China


 2013


    















     







1350

Act of 2002)


 Xianfu Zhu
 certify
that:





Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting; and


The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):



    
    



All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



Date:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;March 18
 2013
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    














     








1350

Act of 2002)


 Feng Wang
 certify
that:





Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting; and


The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):



    
    



All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



March 18
 2013
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    















     






1350

Act of 2002)


of ZHONGPIN INC. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the year ended December 31
 2012
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 Xianfu Zhu
 as Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 hereby certifies
 pursuant
to 18&nbsp;U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:





The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



Date: March 18
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






accompanies each Report pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of &sect;18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended.


this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


    














     







1350

Act of 2002)


Report on Form&nbsp;10-K of ZHONGPIN INC. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the year ended December 31
 2012
 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 Feng Wang
 as Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 hereby
certifies
 pursuant to 18&nbsp;U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:





The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



Date: March 18
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






accompanies each Report pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of &sect;18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended.


this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


    



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the Company&amp;#39;s policy is to ask customers to make deposits in reasonable and meaningful amounts on a case-by-case basis. For certain customers

 the receivable is written off against the allowance. The Company also examines the credit terms of significant customers regularly and asks for more cash deposits if these customers appear to have any indicators of delaying their payments to the Company. Such deposits are usually applied for the collection of the outstanding accounts receivable during the year. With such a practice in place
 the Company did not have any specific allowance for doubtful accounts provided against specific customers as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011

 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 74%&gt; Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;2
323
920&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;1
708
479&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Addition to allowance for bad debt&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;2
478
601&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;714
685&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; Exchange difference&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (26
995&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (99
244&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 21.1pt&gt; Ending balance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 4
775
526&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 2
323

  
  
  
  
  
  

 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; WIDTH: 54%; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Production facility for chilled and frozen pork in Taizhou&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 15%; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; January 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 12%; COLOR: black&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 12%; COLOR: black&gt; 886
362&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Production facility for chilled and frozen pork in Changchun (first phase)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; January 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;926
939&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Production facility for prepared pork products in Changge (first phase)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; April 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;30
838
187&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Information system&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; May 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;128
865&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Zhongpin Xinda joint venture project&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; September 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;5
576
932&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Production facility for prepared pork products in Tianjin&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; February 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;2
215
713&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1
065
420&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Upgrade for production facility in other locations&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; April 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;375
627&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;338
682&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Kunshan facility land preparation cost&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; April 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;42
868
890&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;62
721&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Improvement in Changge industrial park&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; April 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;164
712&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;108
762&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Upgrade for production facility in Anyang&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; May 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;40
838
785&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;7
954
354&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Production facility for chilled and frozen pork in Changchun (second phase)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; November 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 46
138&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 86
509
865&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 47
887

 2012 and 2011
 the amount of interest capitalized is $0 and $354
719


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the Company presents the government subsidies received as part of other income unless the subsidies received are earmarked to compensate a specific expense
 which have been accounted for by offsetting the specific expense

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;20111&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 74%&gt;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;124
983
885&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;102
918
358&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (8
198
116&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (5
936
965&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 116
785
769&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 96
981

 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $2
390
501
 $1
886
475
 $1
422
251

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  

 2009

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  

 frozen pork products and vegetable and fruit products

 the Company forecasts for each of its subsidiaries separately the amount of sales revenue necessary to fully utilize the VAT recoverable. Once the VAT recoverable for a subsidiary is determined to be non-recoverable in part or in full
 the VAT recoverable is written off and booked as cost of goods sold or as impairment loss
 depending on the nature of the event triggering the VAT write-off. The factors considered when evaluating to which account VAT recoverable is written off are as follows: i) if VAT is determined to be non-recoverable due to significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results or negative industry or economic trend
 VAT recoverable will be written-off to cost of goods sold
 or ii) if VAT is determined to be non-recoverable due to significant changes in the strategy of the overall business
 VAT recoverable would be written off as impairment loss. For information on write-offs of VAT recoverable




 all of the subsidiaries of the Company located in the PRC are required to appropriate a portion of its retained earnings to statutory reserve. All subsidiaries located in the PRC are required to appropriate 10% of its annual after-tax income each year to the statutory reserve until the statutory reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital. In general
 the statutory reserve shall not be used for dividend distribution purposes. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the appropriation of statutory reserves were $4.6 million
 $7.1 million and $6.4 million
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the appropriation of statutory reserves were $34.1 million and $29.5 million
 respectively

  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 74%; COLOR: black&gt; VAT recoverable
 net of impairment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;42
682
114&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;35
166
505&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (9
962
571&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (4
693
641&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 32
719
543&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 30
472



&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 74%; COLOR: black&gt; VAT recoverable
 net of impairment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;42
682
114&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;35
166
505&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (9
962
571&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (4
693
641&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 32
719
543&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 30
472

 2012
 2011 and 2010
 valuation allowance against VAT recoverable totaled to $5
268
930
 $4
693
641 and nil

 the Company suspended the production activities of Deyang Zhongpin due to the increasing raw material hog prices in the region and has planned to change the subsidiary into a trading only subsidiary. The Company determined that the VAT recoverable balance for Deyang Zhongpin will not be utilized as trading of agricultural products are not subject to input or output value-added taxation. As such
 Deyang Zhongpin&amp;#39;s entire VAT recoverable balance of $1
335

 the Company terminated the operating leases of buildings and equipment of Jilin Zhongpin due to the new opening of Changchun Zhongpin
 which will substantially cover the Jilin province
 and suspended the production activities in Jilin Zhongpin. The Company determined that the VAT recoverable balance for Jilin Zhongpin will not be utilized as there will not be any output VAT generation for input VAT deduction in the future. As such
 Jilin Zhongpin&amp;#39;s entire VAT recoverable balance of $1
614

 the Company terminated the operating leases of buildings and equipment of Heilongjiang Zhongpin due to the local market condition as well as the fact that the leased equipment was getting too outdated. The Company determined that the VAT recoverable balance for Heilongjiang Zhongpin will not be utilized as there will not be any output VAT generation for input VAT deduction in the future. As a result
 Heilongjiang Zhongpin&amp;#39;s entire VAT recoverable balance of $1
015

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

407
486
 $3
913
185 and $3
484
126 for fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010

  
  
  

 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 74%&gt; Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;2
323
920&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;1
708
479&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Addition to allowance for bad debt&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;2
478
601&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;714
685&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; Exchange difference&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (26
995&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (99
244&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 21.1pt&gt; Ending balance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 4
775
526&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 2
323

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  


  
  

 Henan Zhongpin has agreed to maintain with such lenders an amount of cash that will serve as collateral for its delivery of such lenders&amp;#39; bank promissory notes. The amount of bank promissory notes that are to be delivered by Henan Zhongpin to such lenders can be up to twice the amount of such deposits. As such deposits may not be withdrawn by Henan Zhongpin without restriction

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Henan Zhongpin entered into a mutual guarantee agreement with Huanghe Group
 upon the expiration of a previous mutual guarantee agreement between Henan Zhongpin and Huanghe Group. Under the agreement
 Henan Zhongpin agreed to guarantee bank loans of Huanghe Group in an amount up to $23.9 million and Huanghe Group agreed to guarantee Henan Zhongpin&amp;#39;s bank loans in an amount up to $23.9 million. The agreement will expire in May 2013. At the expiration of the agreement

 companies are required to provide either a pledge of assets
 a third-party guarantee or a combination of both in order to receive loans. In the case of pledges
 companies can pledge their assets
 including
 among other things
 land
 buildings and machines
 to banks as collateral to secure loans; however
 banks generally will only loan up to 50% to 70% of the value of the pledged assets. Alternatively
 if a company provides the banks with a guarantee agreement

 should the guarantee obligation become due
 will vary depending on the difference between the outstanding bank loan plus accrued interest and the proceeds received for the liquidated collateral. Henan Zhongpin did not pledge any of its assets in connection with the mutual guarantee agreement as this guarantee was not based on credit quality concerns
 but rather based on the local banks&amp;#39; requirements. In the event Henan Zhongpin is required to pay all or a portion of any loans covered by the mutual guarantee

 2012
 Henan Zhongpin had outstanding guarantees for $18.9 million of Huanghe Group&amp;#39;s bank loans under the agreement. All of the bank loans guaranteed by Henan Zhongpin will mature within the next 12 months. As a result
 the maximum potential amount of future payments (undiscounted) Henan Zhongpin could be obligated to make under the mutual guarantee at such date was $18.9 million. The Company did not record any liability on its balance sheet with respect to this mutual guarantee as the Company believes
 based upon its continuing due diligence on Huanghe Group and its business

 2012
 the Company announced that its Board of Directors had received a preliminary
 non-binding proposal from the Company&amp;#39;s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Xianfu Zhu
 stating that Mr. Zhu intended to seek to purchase the remaining shares of the Company that he does not presently own (the Proposed Buyout). Following this announcement
 at least three lawsuits have been filed in Delaware naming the members of the Company&amp;#39;s Board of Directors and/or the Company as defendants. On November 26
 2012
 the Company announced that it had entered into a definitive merger agreement with Golden Bridge Holdings Limited
 a Cayman Islands exempted company (Parent)
 Golden Bridge Merger Sub Limited
 a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub) and Mr. Xianfu Zhu (the Merger Agreement). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the transactions contemplated thereby
 at the effective time of the merger
 each share of the Company common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than shares owned by (i) Parent or Merger Sub
 (ii) Mr. Xianfu Zhu
 Mr. Baoke Ben
 Mr. Chaoyang Liu
 Mr. Qinghe Wang
 Mr. Shuichi Si and Ms. Juanjuan Wang
 (iii) the Company or any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company or (iv) stockholders who have properly exercised and perfected appraisal rights under Delaware law)
 will be converted automatically into the right to receive $13.50 in cash
 without interest. Following the November 2012 announcement of the Merger Agreement
 one additional lawsuit was filed in Delaware naming as defendants the members of the Company&amp;#39;s Board of Directors
 the Company
 Parent

 2012
 a verified shareholder class action lawsuit was filed by Phillip Meeks in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against the Company and members of its Board of Directors
 alleging that
 inter alia
 the Company&amp;#39;s Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the Proposed Buyout
 and that the price per share proposed by Mr. Zhu represented inadequate consideration in light of the Company&amp;#39;s intrinsic value and future prospects
 and that the Company aided and abetted the breach of fiduciary duties. The plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing the Company from proceeding with the Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu

 2012
 a verified shareholder class action lawsuit was filed by Richard Bauschard in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against members of the Company&amp;#39;s Board of Directors
 alleging that
 inter alia
 the Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the Proposed Buyout
 and that the price per share proposed by Mr. Zhu represented inadequate consideration in light of the Company&amp;#39;s intrinsic value and future prospects. The plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing the defendants from proceeding with the Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu

 2012
 a verified shareholder class action lawsuit was filed by Harry Vonderlieth in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against the Company and members of its Board of Directors
 alleging that
 inter alia
 the Company&amp;#39;s Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties to the shareholders in connection with the Proposed Buyout
 and that the price per share proposed by Mr. Zhu represented inadequate consideration in light of the Company&amp;#39;s intrinsic value and future prospects
 and that the Company aided and abetted the breach of fiduciary duties. The plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing the Company from proceeding with the Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu

 2012
 after the announcement of the Company&amp;#39;s entering into the Merger Agreement
 a verified shareholder class action lawsuit was filed by Ernesto Rodriguez in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against the Company and members of its Board of Directors
 Parent and Merger Sub
 alleging that
 inter alia
 the Company&amp;#39;s Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties to the Company&amp;#39;s shareholders in connection with the Proposed Buyout and the Merger Agreement
 and that the price per share and other terms provided for in the Merger Agreement are inadequate and unfair in light of the Company&amp;#39;s intrinsic value and future prospects
 and that the Company
 Parent and Merger Sub aided and abetted the breach of fiduciary duties. The plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing the Company from proceeding with the Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu

 the Company accrues an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated
 and the Company discloses the amount accrued and an estimate of any reasonably possible loss in excess of the amount accrued
 if such disclosure is necessary for the Company&amp;#39;s financial statements not to be misleading. The Company does not accrue liabilities when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated

 the evaluation of legal proceedings often involves a series of complex assessments by management about future events and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. If the assessments indicate that loss contingencies that could be material to any one of the Company&amp;#39;s financial statements are not probable
 but are reasonably possible
 or are probable
 but cannot be estimated
 then the Company discloses the nature of the loss contingencies

 such litigation is still in its preliminary stages and the final outcome
 including the Company&amp;#39;s liability
 if any
 with respect to such litigation
 is uncertain. At present
 the Company is unable to estimate a reasonably possible range of loss
 if any
 that may result from such litigation. If an unfavorable outcome were to occur in the litigation described above
 the impact could be material to the Company&amp;#39;s business
 financial condition

 it is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under the indemnification provisions under the terms and conditions of applicable bylaws
 certificates or articles of incorporation

 &lt;font style=COLOR: black&gt;Henan Zhongpin entered into a sale-leaseback agreement with CMB Financial Leasing Co.
 Ltd. (CMB Leasing) pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin sold to CMB Leasing equipment with a book net value of $8.3 million for $5.9 million and leased such equipment back. The lease payments for this equipment are paid on a quarterly basis over a three-year period and consist of a fixed payment based upon a 36-month amortization of the purchase price plus an interest component that is based upon the rate announced from time to time by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for three-year loans. At December 31
 2012
 the quarterly rental fee under the agreement was $571
163

 Luoyang Zhongpin entered into a sale-leaseback agreement with CMB Leasing pursuant to which Luoyang Zhongpin sold to CMB Leasing equipment with a book net value of $6.8 million for $4.4 million and leased such equipment back. The lease payments for this equipment are paid on a quarterly basis over a three-year period and consist of a fixed payment based upon a 36-month amortization of the purchase price plus an interest component that is based upon the rate announced from time to time by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for three-year loans. As of December 31
 2012
 the quarterly rental fee under the agreement was $428
372

 Zhumadian Zhongpin entered into a sale-leaseback agreement with De Lage Landen (China) Co.
 Ltd. (De Lage Landen) pursuant to which Zhumadian Zhongpin sold to De Lage Landen equipment with a book net value of $5.9 million for $6.0 million and leased such equipment back. The lease payments for this equipment are paid on a monthly basis over a three-year period and consist of a fixed payment based upon a 36-month amortization of the purchase price plus an interest component that is based upon the rate announced from time to time by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for three-year loans. At December 31
 2012
 the monthly rental fee under the agreement was $190
891

 Henan Zhongpin entered into a lease agreement with China Resources Shuguang Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. for the office in Beijing. The monthly rental fee and utility fee under the agreement was $8

 2012

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; WIDTH: 85%&gt; 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 12%&gt;107
030&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; 2014&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;107
030&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; 2015&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;40
136&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; 2016&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; 2017&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Thereafter&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Total operating lease payments&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;254

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  

 which have no effect on previously reported results

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

 &lt;em&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/em&gt;


 among other things
 intense competition associated with the industry in general
 other risks associated with financing
 liquidity requirements
 foreign currency exchange rates


 the Company&amp;#39;s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer certain of their net assets to the parent company in the form of dividend payments
 loans and advances. The amounts restricted include paid-in capital
 capital surplus and statutory reserves
 as determined pursuant to PRC generally accepted accounting principles
 totaling RMB 3
811.2 million (equivalent to $606.3 million) and RMB 3
692.2 million (equivalent to $586.0 million) as of December 31
 2012 and 2011

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Current assets&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; WIDTH: 76%&gt; Amount due from subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;114
702
598&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;114
439
523&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; Other receivables&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;104
185&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;58
790&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; Prepayment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 64
696&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 33
105&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Total current assets&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;114
871
479&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;114
531
418&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Investments in subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 465
057
311&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 414
212
872&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Total assets&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 579
928
790&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 528
744
290&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS&amp;#39; EQUITY&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; Accrued salaries&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;859
288&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;552
047&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; Other payables&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;1
950
117&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;526
749&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; Amount due to subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 30
557
954&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 24
286
640&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Total current liabilities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;33
367
359&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;25
365
436&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Total shareholders&amp;#39; equity&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 546
561
431&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 503
378
854&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Total liabilities and shareholders&amp;#39; equity&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 579
928
790&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 528
744

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 64%&gt;Equity earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;49
450
279&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;68
236
250&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;62
571
074&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; General and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (5
381
602&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (4
015
523&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (4
291
105&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;44
068
677&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;64
220
727&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;58
279
969&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; Income tax&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Net Income&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 44
068
677&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 64
220
727&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 58
279

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; WIDTH: 64%&gt; Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;23
131
074&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;(2
894
129&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Net cash used in investing activities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(66
356
662&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Net cash provided by financing activities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 43
225
588&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 2
888
992&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (5
137&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;5
137&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; Cash and cash equivalents

  
  
  

  
  
  

  

  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






  
  

  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  



  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2012
 the Company had outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 787
000 shares of common stock. No warrants are outstanding as of December 31

 2006
 the Company&amp;#39;s board of directors and shareholders adopted and approved
 and on February 27
 2007 the Company&amp;#39;s board of directors and shareholders approved the amendment and restatement of
 the Company&amp;#39;s Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan). The Incentive Plan allows for awards of stock options
 restricted stock grants and share appreciation rights for up to 1
800
000 shares of common stock. On April 21
 2008
 the Compensation Committee of the Company&amp;#39;s board of directors approved
 and on June 26
 2008 the Company&amp;#39;s shareholders approved
 an amendment to the Incentive Plan for the purpose of increasing the authorized shares from 1
800
000 shares to 2
500

 2011
 the Company granted stock options to an executive officer to purchase 34
000 shares of the Company&amp;#39;s common stock with an exercise price of $15.15 per share
&lt;/font&gt; equal to the closing price of the Company&amp;#39;s common stock on March 31
 2011&lt;font style=COLOR: black&gt;. These options were accounted for using the fair value method

 2011
 the Company granted stock options to its 22 employees to purchase&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=COLOR: black&gt;240
000 shares of the Company&amp;#39;s common stock with an exercise price of $15.48 per share
 equal to the closing price of the Company&amp;#39;s common stock on April 21
 2011
&lt;/font&gt; the last trading day before April 24
 2011 (Sunday)&lt;font style=COLOR: black&gt;. These options were accounted for using the fair value method

 2010
 the Company granted stock options to an executive officer to purchase 33
000 shares of the Company&amp;#39;s common stock with an exercise price of $12.70 per share
 equal to the closing price of the Company&amp;#39;s common stock on March 31
 2010. These options were accounted for using the fair value method

 2010
 the Company granted stock options to its 22 employees to purchase 240
000 shares of the Company&amp;#39;s common stock with an exercise price of $13.42 per share
 equal to the closing price of the Company&amp;#39;s common stock on April 23
 2010
 the last trading day before April 24
 2010 (Saturday). These options were accounted for using the fair value method

 including stock options and employee stock purchases. Stock-based compensation expense for stock options was based on the grant-date fair value. During the process of estimating the fair value of the stock options granted and recognizing share-based compensation



 the Company&lt;/font&gt; considered the contractual and vesting terms of awards
 along with historical experience; however
 due to insufficient historical data from which to reliably estimate expected lives
 Zhongpin used estimates based on the simplified method set forth by the SEC in Staff Accounting Bulletins No. 107
 where expected life is estimated by summing the award&amp;#39;s vesting term and contractual term and dividing that result by two. Insufficient historical data from which to reliably estimate expected lives is expected to exist for the foreseeable future due to different terms associated with awards granted in recent years

 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the Company had nil
 $446
026 and $446
026 unrecognized stock-based compensation
 respectively&lt;font style=COLOR: black&gt;. A summary of stock warrant and option activities during the two-year period ended December 31

055
564&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 12%&gt;11.21&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 12%&gt;2.57&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 12%&gt;3.76&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Exercisable at 12/31/10&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;720
000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;10.61&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;4.22&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;274
000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;15.44&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(15
000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Outstanding at 12/31/11&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;1
314
564&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;12.16&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;2.38&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;0.70&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Exercisable at 12/31/11&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;993
000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;11.46&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;0.75&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(22
375&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;9.07&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(505
189&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;11.42&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Outstanding at 12/31/12&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;787
000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;12.72&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;2.35&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;0.49&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Exercisable at 12/31/12&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;787

 2011 and 2010 was nil
 $6.10
 $5.40
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of warrants and options exercised during the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 was approximately $29
750
 $208
500 and $9
577
157

 2012
 2011 and 2010
 was $4
230
300
 $1
474
050
 $1
480
100
 respectively. The total stock-based compensation for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $515
566
 $1
610
815 and $2
343
771

  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 similar to fully-diluted earnings per share. Such shares are excluded if determined to be anti-dilutive. Of the 787
000 options outstanding at December 31
 2012
 547
000 options were anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. The number of shares of common stock underlying the outstanding stock warrants and options at December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were 240
000
 767
564 and 1
055
564
 respectively


 2012

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; WIDTH: 64%; COLOR: black&gt; Net income attributable to common shares&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%; COLOR: black&gt; 44
068
677&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%; COLOR: black&gt; 64
220
727&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;58
279
969&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Basic Earnings Per Share&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Basic earnings per share from net income&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1.18&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1.66&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;1.67&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Diluted Earning Per Share&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Diluted earnings per share from net income&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1.18&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1.66&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;1.65&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;37
273
652&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;38
505
027&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;34
837
656&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Dilutive effect of stock options&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 55
140&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 34
853&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 432
754&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 37
328
792&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 38
539
880&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 35
270

000 options outstanding at December 31
 2012
 547
000 options were anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31
 2012. 240
000 options were dilutive and therefore included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31
 2012. All potentially dilutive securities were included in diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;em&gt;Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure&lt;/em&gt;
 which defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in GAAP
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It does not require any new fair value measurements
 but provides guidance on how to measure fair value by providing a fair value hierarchy used to classify the source of the information. It establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy of valuation techniques based on observable and unobservable inputs

 either directly or indirectly

 restricted cash
 other receivables
 advance to vendors
 accrued liabilities and short-term borrowings loans
 approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature and are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company&amp;#39;s financial items are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 advance to vendors


781
137&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;64
781
137&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Long-term loans&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;153
976
249&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;153
976



 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 advance to vendors
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities

  
  
  
  
  
  

 the national currency of China

  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 an impairment loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. For information on impairment associated with long-lived assets

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2012

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -11pt; PADDING-LEFT: 11pt; WIDTH: 64%&gt; Income in China-based entities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;55
334
341&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;73
029
299&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;66
794
810&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -11pt; PADDING-LEFT: 11pt&gt; Income (loss) in non-China and non-US entities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(3
937&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;9
297&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;9
789&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -11pt; PADDING-LEFT: 11pt&gt; Loss in the U.S entity&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (5
556
602&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (4
015
523&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (4
291
105&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -9.35pt; PADDING-LEFT: 9.35pt&gt; Income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 49
773
802&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 69
023
073&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 62
513

 2012

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Current:&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; WIDTH: 64%&gt; China&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;5
666
387&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;4
738
934&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;4
260
084&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt;Federal&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt;State&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Deferred:&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt;China&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(7
764&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;69
107&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(26
559&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; U.S.&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 5
658
623&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 4
808
041&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 4
233


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt; 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt; 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Current:&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; WIDTH: 76%&gt; Bad debt allowance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;653
165&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;315
342&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Reversal of interest income on bank notes receivable&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;219
614&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;257
449&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (72
600&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Current deferred tax asset&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;800
179&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;572
791&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Non-current:&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt;Depreciation&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(1
142
290&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(603
109&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 10
057
599&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 7
553
484&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Total Non-current&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;8
915
309&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;6
950
375&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (9
659
178&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (7
474
774&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; Net non-current deferred tax liability&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (743
869&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (524

808
453 and $18
251
851 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Under the U.S. tax laws
 the net operating loss can be carried forward for 20 years and carried back for 2 years. Accordingly
 the nominal deferred tax assets could be $8
094
874 as of December 31
 2012. A valuation allowance is required when there is significant uncertainty as to the realizability of deferred tax assets. Because the realization of the U.S. entity&amp;#39;s deferred tax assets is dependent upon future income in the U.S. operations that have generated losses
 management determined that the U.S. entity does not meet the more likely than not threshold that NOLs and deferred tax assets will be realized. Accordingly

851
933 and $4
661
345 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Under the PRC tax laws
 the net operating loss can be carried forward for 5 years and cannot be carried back. Accordingly
 the nominal deferred tax assets could be $1
962
725 as of December 31
 2012. Management believes that only portion of these potential tax benefits is more likely than not to be realized as these PRC subsidiaries will generate operating profits in the foreseeable future. As a result
 a valuation allowance of $1
706

 the PRC subsidiaries of Zhongpin Inc. is obligated to withhold income tax on dividends paid-out to the U.S. entity
 a foreign entity
 and non-resident
 for earnings retained after January 1
 2008. As the PRC subsidiaries are wholly or majority owned by the U.S. holding entity
 the Company anticipates no cash dividends in the foreseeable futures
 and all earnings will be used to re-invest in the PRC subsidiaries. Accordingly


  
  
  
  
  
  




 2003 and is subject to federal income tax and Delaware state income tax. Falcon Link was established under the laws of the British Virgin Islands on July 21
 2005 and is not subject to income tax in accordance with the laws and regulations of the British Virgin Islands.&lt;/font&gt; Zhongpin (Hong Kong) Trading Co.
 Limited &lt;font style=COLOR: black&gt;was established under the laws of Hong Kong on September 11
 2012
 and is subject to Hong Kong profits tax of 16.5%. The Company&amp;#39;s other subsidiaries
 which are all located in China
 are subject to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax (EIT) Law
 which became effective January 1
 2008 and has a uniform statutory tax rate of 25 percent. Under the EIT Law
 income derived by an enterprise from the primary processing of agricultural products (including slaughtering live hogs) is exempt from EIT. Consequently
 10 of the Company&amp;#39;s 19 subsidiaries in China which principally operate in the slaughtering business in China



 if one subsidiary has net income
 that net income cannot be offset by the loss incurred in another subsidiary within the consolidated company. Similarly
 if one subsidiary has a net operating loss

 based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. See Note 10
 Income Taxes

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 74%; COLOR: black&gt; Raw materials&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;6
466
664&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;6
066
074&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Low value consumables and packaging&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;1
685
431&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;1
918
019&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Work-in-progress&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;3
955
169&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;5
385
610&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Finished goods&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 25
871
962&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 28
574
317&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 37
979
226&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 41
944

  
  
  
  

 work-in-progress
 and finished goods. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market-based prices according to the weighted average method. Production cost components include the purchase cost of live hogs
 direct labor
 depreciation
 packaging material
 utility expense and other manufacturing overhead. By using a systematic costing system
 the production cost is allocated to various products at the stage of work-in-progress and finished goods
 respectively. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price
 in the ordinary course of business
 less estimated costs to complete and dispose. The Company regularly inspects the shelf life of prepared foods and
 if necessary

  
  
  
  
  
  

 b) there is a bargain purchase option
 c) the lease term is at least 75% of the property&amp;#39;s estimated remaining economic life or d) the present value of the minimum lease payments at the beginning of the lease term is 90% or more of the fair value of the leased property to the lessor at the inception date. A capital lease is accounted for as if there was an acquisition of an asset and an incurrence of an obligation at the inception of the lease. All other leases are accounted for as operating leases. There is no capital leases commitment as of December 31
 2012. For information on capital and operating leases

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; WIDTH: 54%; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Production facility for chilled and frozen pork in Taizhou&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 15%; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; January 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 12%; COLOR: black&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 12%; COLOR: black&gt; 886
362&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Production facility for chilled and frozen pork in Changchun (first phase)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; January 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;926
939&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Production facility for prepared pork products in Changge (first phase)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; April 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;30
838
187&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Information system&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; May 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;128
865&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Zhongpin Xinda joint venture project&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; September 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;5
576
932&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Production facility for prepared pork products in Tianjin&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; February 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;2
215
713&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1
065
420&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Upgrade for production facility in other locations&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; April 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;375
627&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;338
682&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Kunshan facility land preparation cost&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; April 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;42
868
890&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;62
721&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Improvement in Changge industrial park&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; April 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;164
712&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;108
762&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Upgrade for production facility in Anyang&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; May 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;40
838
785&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;7
954
354&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Production facility for chilled and frozen pork in Changchun (second phase)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; November 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 46
138&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 86
509
865&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 47
887

 2012 and 2011
 the amount of interest capitalized is $0 and $354
719


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; WIDTH: 76%; COLOR: black&gt; China Construction Bank&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%; COLOR: black&gt; 24
659
932&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%; COLOR: black&gt; 14
283
674&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; Agriculture Bank of China&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;76
525
336&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;81
099
525&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; Canadian Government Transfer Loan&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1
052
087&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1
197
758&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; China Merchants Bank&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;11
932
225&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;15
077
211&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; China Development Bank&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;38
183
120&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; Changge Old Town&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 1
623
549&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 1
619
581&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; Total long-term loan&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;153
976
249&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;113
277
749&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; COLOR: black&gt; Current portion&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; (52
183
597&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; )&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; (16
016
419&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; )&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; Long-term portion&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 101
792
652&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 97
261

 Changchun Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with China Development Bank pursuant to which Changchun Zhongpin may borrow up to RMB 300 million ($47.7 million). Changchun Zhongpin drew down RMB 125 million ($19.9 million) in April 2012
 RMB 76 million ($12.1 million) in July 2012 and RMB39 million ($6.2 million) in October 2012. As of December 31
 2012
 Changchun Zhongpin had RMB 60 million ($9.5 million) available for borrowing under such loan agreement. All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (7.21% per annum on December 31

 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with China Construction Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 15 million ($2.4 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.65% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable on each anniversary of the agreement based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms) and are payable in March 2014. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights

 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with China Construction Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 50 million ($8.0 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.65% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable on each anniversary of the agreement based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms) and are payable in March 2014. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights

 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with China Construction Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 50 million ($8.0 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.08% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable on the anniversary of the agreement based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms) and are payable in installments in March and June 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights

 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 25 million ($4.0 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.15% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable in December 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights

 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 75 million ($11.9 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40 % per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable in installments on various scheduled repayment dates between September 2011 and December 2014. Borrowings under the loan agreement are guaranteed by our wholly owned subsidiary
 Zhumadian Zhongpin. Henan Zhongpin has repaid $0.5 million in aggregate
 and $11.4 million remained outstanding as of December 31

 Tianjin Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Tianjin Zhongpin may borrow up to RMB 300 million ($47.7 million). Tianjin Zhongpin drew down RMB 50 million ($8.0 million) in July 2010
 RMB 80 million ($12.7 million) in November 2010 and RMB 110 million ($17.5 million) in May 2011. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 property and plant of Tianjin Zhongpin. As of December 31
 2012
 the total outstanding balance under the agreement was $30.2 million and Tianjin Zhongpin had $1.6 million available for borrowing under the loan agreement. All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable in installments in June 2013

 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with China Construction Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 40 million ($6.4 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (5.76% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable on each anniversary of date of the agreement based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms) and are payable on June 29
 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights

 in connection with the purchase of a piece of land from Changge Old Town
 Changge Old Town extended a loan to Henan Zhongpin with a principal amount of RMB 10.2 million ($1.6 million) and bearing interest at the rate of 7.00% per annum payable on June 30
 2010 and each anniversary thereafter. Such loan does not have a fixed term and the principal amount of the loan should be repaid by Henan Zhongpin upon six months prior written notice from Changge Old Town. The full amount of the loan remained outstanding as of December 31

 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 53 million ($8.4 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable in installments on various scheduled repayment dates between December 2011 and December 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 property and plant of Henan Zhongpin. Henan Zhongpin has repaid $6.3 million in aggregate
 and $2.1 million remained outstanding as of December 31

 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 71 million ($11.3 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.15% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable on February 3
 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights

 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 70 million ($11.1 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable in installments on various scheduled repayment dates between December 2010 and December 2014. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 property and plant of Luoyang Zhongpin. Henan Zhongpin has repaid $1.4 million in aggregate
 and $9.7 million remained outstanding as of December 31

 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with China Merchants Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 95 million ($15.1 million). The first 50% of the loan was drawn down in November 2009 and the remaining 50% of the loan was drawn down in March 2010. All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&amp;#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40% per annum on December 31

 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Bank of Communications
 Zhengzhou Branch
 which is the intermediary bank for a 40-year term loan in the amount of $2
504
969 from the Canadian government. Under the terms of the loan agreement
 58% of the principal amount ($1
452
882) of this loan bears interest at the fixed rate of 6.02% per annum and remaining principal amount of this loan is interest free. The loan is repayable in a fixed amount of $42
083
 which includes both principal and interest
 that is payable on a semi-annual basis through November 15

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right colspan=2&gt;Amount&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; WIDTH: 88%&gt; 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;52
183
597&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; 2014&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;52
660
887&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; 2015&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;20
682
523&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; 2016&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;5
409
275&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; 2017 and thereafter&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 23
039
967&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; Total long-term loans&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;153
976
249&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; Less: current portion&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (52
183
597&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; Long-term portion&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 101
792

 2012
 $109
140
085 are secured by land use rights and property
 plant and equipment of the Company&amp;#39;s subsidiaries. The total amount of land use rights and property
 plant and equipment pledged was $181
650
364 as of December 31

 2012
 2011 and 2010
 loan interest including short-term and long-term bank loans of $34
213
004
 $23
544
822 and $8
655
602 were incurred
 and $34
213
004
 $23
190
103 and $ $7
535
089 were charged to interest expense

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Henan province. Through its subsidiaries
 Henan Zhongpin is principally engaged in the production of pork
 prepared meat products and vegetables and fruits
 and the retail sales of pork
 processed pork products
 vegetables and fruits and other grocery items to customers throughout China and other export countries

 2005

 2005
 Henan Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd. (HZFC) was established in China for the sole purpose of holding the capital stock of Henan Zhongpin and its subsidiaries. The owners of Henan Zhongpin formed HZFC with an initial investment of 16
000
000 Renminbi (RMB) ($1
932
367). HZFC acquired Henan Zhongpin by paying 15
040
000 RMB ($1
816
425) to the shareholders of Henan Zhongpin in exchange for 100% ownership of Henan Zhongpin. The transaction was accounted for as a transfer of entities under common control
 wherein Henan Zhongpin was the continuing entity with an increase in registered capital of 960
000 RMB ($115

 2005
 Falcon Link Investment Limited (Falcon) was incorporated in the territory of the British Virgin Islands (BVI) as a holding company for the purpose of owning all of the equity interests of HZFC. Falcon acquired 100% ownership of HZFC by paying 21
285
300 RMB ($2
650
000) to the shareholders of HZFC
 who also were the shareholders of Falcon. The transaction was accounted for as a transfer of entities under common control

 2006
 Zhongpin
 Inc.
 then known as Strong Technical Inc.
 consummated an agreement with the shareholders of Falcon whereby Zhongpin Inc. issued 11
250
000 shares of common stock in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding stock of Falcon. Immediately prior to the transaction there were 502
568 shares outstanding as compared to 11
752
568 shares outstanding immediately following the transaction. Consequently
 Falcon became a wholly owned subsidiary of Zhongpin Inc. The transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition resulting in a recapitalization of Falcon
 wherein Falcon&amp;#39;s historical financial statements became those of Zhongpin Inc.

 2006
 in conjunction with acquisition of Falcon
 Zhongpin Inc. (then known as Strong Technical Inc.) sold for $8.00 per unit 3.45 million units
 each consisting of two shares of Series A convertible preferred stock and a five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at a purchase price of $5.00 per share. Each share of preferred stock is convertible into one share of common stock. The shares of Series A convertible preferred stock originally issued in such transaction were convertible into an aggregate of 6
900
000 shares of common stock and the warrants originally issued in such transaction were exercisable to purchase an aggregate of 3
450

 2006
 Zhongpin Inc. (then known as Strong Technical Inc.) amended its articles of incorporation to change its name from Strong Technical Inc. to Zhongpin Inc. In the same amendment
 the company changed its authorized common stock to 100
000
000 shares with a par value of $0.001 per share and its authorized preferred stock to 25
000

 2006
 Zhongpin Inc. effected a 1:35.349 reverse split of its outstanding common stock. Immediately prior to the split
 415
442
354 shares of common stock were outstanding as compared to 11
752
568 shares of common stock outstanding immediately following the split. The aggregate number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of its outstanding shares of Series A convertible preferred stock was reduced from 243
908
100 shares of common stock to 6
900
000 shares of common stock
 and the aggregate number of shares of its common stock issuable upon the exercise of its outstanding warrants was reduced from 121
954
050 shares of common stock to 3
450

 2004&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 14%&gt;5
060
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($611
111)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 11%; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Zhumadian Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/June 7
 2006&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;60
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($8
585
398)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Anyang Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Aug. 21
 2006&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;34
800
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($5
094
422)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Henan Zhongpin Fresh Food Logistics Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Sept. 14
 2006&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;1
500
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($189
665)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Deyang Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Sept. 25
 2006&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;15
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($1
893
652)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Henan Zhongpin Business Development Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Sept. 27
 2006&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;5
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($632
215)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Luoyang Zhongpin Food Company Limited (Luoyang Zhongpin)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Jan.18
 2007&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;60
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($8
703
452)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Yongcheng Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Mar. 1
 2007&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;60
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($8
783
487)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Tianjin Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Sept. 14
 2007&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;100
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($14
639
145 )&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Jilin Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Dec. 11
 2008&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;1
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($145
688)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Henan Zhongpin Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Industry Development Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Dec. 26
 2008&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;10
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($1
461
796)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Taizhou Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/May 12
 2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;100
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($15
298
798)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Changchun Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Aug. 6
 2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;170
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($26
292
994)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Henan Zhongpin Xinda Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/June 1
 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;15
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($2
287
841)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;65&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Kunshan Zhongpin Cold Chain Logistics Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/June 3
 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;300
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($46
356
388)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Tangshan Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Nov.15
 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;5
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($788
196)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Zhongpin (Hong Kong) Trading Co.
 Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; HK/Sept. 11
 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black&gt;$1
000
000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Tianjin Jinghui Hogs Breeding Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Nov. 12
 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;1
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($158

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 if any
 on the results of operations or financial position of the Company. Based on that review
 the Company does not believe that any of those accounting pronouncements will have a significant effect on its current or future financial position
 results of operations

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  


  
  
  
  


  

 pursuant to which certain pension benefits
 medical care
 unemployment insurance and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require the Company to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees&amp;#39; salaries. The total provision for such employee benefits was $2
206
890
 $1
449
978 and $839
062 for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  

  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 plant and equipment as of December 31

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 74%; COLOR: black&gt; Plants and buildings
 net of impairment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;368
003
263&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;326
254
157&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Machinery and equipment
 net of impairment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;156
202
442&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;136
356
055&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Office furniture and equipment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;7
101
927&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;6
058
994&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Vehicles&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;4
522
289&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;4
010
629&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (65
382
146&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (44
749
964&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 470
447
775&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 427
929

 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $23
364
078
 $17
415
069 and $13
613
922

 property
 plant and equipment under the sale-leaseback agreement at cost as of December 31

&lt;/font&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 74%; COLOR: black&gt; Plants and buildings&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;171
678&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;18
774
120&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Office furniture and equipment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;41
492&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Vehicles&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;4
414&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (2
475
320&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 16
516

375
173 at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 and would be amortized over the lease term. Of the depreciation expenses
 $1
372
641 and $1
120
654 were amortization of deferred loss and depreciation expense from assets under capital lease
 respectively
 for the year ended December 31
 2012; $1
513
776 and $1
472
010 were amortization of deferred loss and depreciation expense from assets under capital lease
 respectively
 for the year ended December 31

 the Company suspended the production activities of Deyang Zhongpin due to the increasing raw material hog prices and its underperformance in the past years and determined that the carrying value of the assets at Deyang Zhongpin will not be fully recovered. In accordance with the Company&amp;#39;s policy for impairment of long-lived assets
 an impairment loss of $2
712
908 was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2012 to adjust the carrying value of Deyang Zhongpin&amp;#39;s property
 plant and equipment to the Company&amp;#39;s estimate of their fair value. Fair value was estimated using the replacement cost method by comparison to the available surrounding market. As the Company has no intention to sell the facility
 no third party buyer price was solicited. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 impairment loss of property
 plant and equipment were $2
712
908
 nil and nil

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  

  

  



 whereas improvements and renewals are generally capitalized in their respective property accounts. When an item is retired or otherwise disposed of

  
  
  
  

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 74%; COLOR: black&gt; Plants and buildings
 net of impairment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;368
003
263&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;326
254
157&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Machinery and equipment
 net of impairment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;156
202
442&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;136
356
055&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Office furniture and equipment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;7
101
927&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;6
058
994&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Vehicles&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;4
522
289&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;4
010
629&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (65
382
146&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (44
749
964&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 470
447
775&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 427
929


&lt;/font&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 74%; COLOR: black&gt; Plants and buildings&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;171
678&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;18
774
120&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Office furniture and equipment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;41
492&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Vehicles&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;4
414&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (2
475
320&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 16
516

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;Q4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;Q3&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;Q2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;Q1&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=18 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands
 except per share amounts)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Selected Income Statement Data:&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt; WIDTH: 40%&gt; Net Sales&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;441
519&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;415
745&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;408
212&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;374
127&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;1
639
603&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt&gt; Gross Profit&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;42
791&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;39
498&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;35
621&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;35
476&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;153
386&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt&gt; Income From Operations&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;16
834&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;18
280&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;17
732&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;19
535&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;72
381&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt&gt; Net Income&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;9
848&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;11
043&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;10
981&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;12
197&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;44

 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q3&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q1&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=18 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands
 except per share amounts)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Selected Income Statement Data:&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt; WIDTH: 40%&gt; Net Sales&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;405
886&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;398
086&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;366
453&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;285
783&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;1
456
208&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt&gt; Gross Profit&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;36
230&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;40
037&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;39
146&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;35
916&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;151
329&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt&gt; Income From Operations&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;15
252&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;24
726&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;23
642&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;22
784&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;86

 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q3&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q1&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=18 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands
 except per share amounts)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt; WIDTH: 40%&gt; Net Income&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;9
700&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;18
323&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%; COLOR: black&gt;19
315&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;16
883&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;64


 the Company may also acquire bank notes receivable
 with maturity of less than 6 months
 from third parties
 at a lower cost compared to the face value of the bank notes


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $573
508
 $495
815 and $638
899

  
  
  
  
  
  

 and the collectability of these sales is reasonably assured. Since the products sold by the Company are primarily perishable and frozen food products
 the right of return is only valid for a few days and has been determined to be insignificant by the management of the Company. Accordingly

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; WIDTH: 64%; COLOR: black&gt; Net income attributable to common shares&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%; COLOR: black&gt; 44
068
677&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%; COLOR: black&gt; 64
220
727&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;58
279
969&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Basic Earnings Per Share&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Basic earnings per share from net income&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1.18&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1.66&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;1.67&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Diluted Earning Per Share&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Diluted earnings per share from net income&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1.18&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1.66&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;1.65&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;37
273
652&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;38
505
027&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;34
837
656&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Dilutive effect of stock options&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 55
140&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 34
853&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 432
754&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -12.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 12.1pt; COLOR: black&gt; Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 37
328
792&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 38
539
880&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 35
270


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Current:&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; WIDTH: 64%&gt; China&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;5
666
387&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;4
738
934&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;4
260
084&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt;Federal&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt;State&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Deferred:&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt;China&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(7
764&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;69
107&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(26
559&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; U.S.&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 5
658
623&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 4
808
041&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 4
233


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Current assets&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; WIDTH: 76%&gt; Amount due from subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;114
702
598&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;114
439
523&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; Other receivables&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;104
185&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;58
790&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; Prepayment&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 64
696&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 33
105&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Total current assets&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;114
871
479&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;114
531
418&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Investments in subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 465
057
311&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 414
212
872&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Total assets&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 579
928
790&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 528
744
290&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS&amp;#39; EQUITY&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; Accrued salaries&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;859
288&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;552
047&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; Other payables&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;1
950
117&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;526
749&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; Amount due to subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 30
557
954&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 24
286
640&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Total current liabilities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;33
367
359&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;25
365
436&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Total shareholders&amp;#39; equity&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 546
561
431&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 503
378
854&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Total liabilities and shareholders&amp;#39; equity&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 579
928
790&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 528
744


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; WIDTH: 64%&gt; Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;23
131
074&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;(2
894
129&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Net cash used in investing activities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(66
356
662&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Net cash provided by financing activities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 43
225
588&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 2
888
992&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (5
137&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;5
137&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; Cash and cash equivalents


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 64%&gt;Equity earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;49
450
279&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;68
236
250&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;62
571
074&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; General and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (5
381
602&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (4
015
523&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (4
291
105&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;44
068
677&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;64
220
727&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;58
279
969&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; Income tax&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Net Income&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 44
068
677&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 64
220
727&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; 58
279


 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; WIDTH: 76%; COLOR: black&gt; China Construction Bank&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%; COLOR: black&gt; 24
659
932&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%; COLOR: black&gt; 14
283
674&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; Agriculture Bank of China&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;76
525
336&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;81
099
525&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; Canadian Government Transfer Loan&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1
052
087&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;1
197
758&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; China Merchants Bank&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;11
932
225&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;15
077
211&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; China Development Bank&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;38
183
120&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; Changge Old Town&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 1
623
549&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 1
619
581&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; Total long-term loan&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;153
976
249&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;113
277
749&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; COLOR: black&gt; Current portion&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; (52
183
597&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; )&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; (16
016
419&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; )&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.1in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.1in; COLOR: black&gt; Long-term portion&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 101
792
652&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 97
261


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt; 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt; 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Current:&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; WIDTH: 76%&gt; Bad debt allowance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;653
165&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;315
342&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Reversal of interest income on bank notes receivable&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;219
614&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;257
449&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (72
600&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Current deferred tax asset&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;800
179&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;572
791&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Non-current:&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt;Depreciation&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(1
142
290&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(603
109&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 10
057
599&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 7
553
484&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Total Non-current&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;8
915
309&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;6
950
375&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (9
659
178&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (7
474
774&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; Net non-current deferred tax liability&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (743
869&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (524




781
137&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;64
781
137&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Long-term loans&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;153
976
249&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;153
976


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;20111&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 74%&gt;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;124
983
885&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;102
918
358&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (8
198
116&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (5
936
965&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 116
785
769&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 96
981


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; WIDTH: 85%&gt; 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 12%&gt;107
030&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; 2014&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;107
030&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; 2015&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;40
136&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; 2016&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; 2017&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; Thereafter&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; -&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Total operating lease payments&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;254


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -11pt; PADDING-LEFT: 11pt; WIDTH: 64%&gt; Income in China-based entities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;55
334
341&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;73
029
299&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;66
794
810&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -11pt; PADDING-LEFT: 11pt&gt; Income (loss) in non-China and non-US entities&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(3
937&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;9
297&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;9
789&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -11pt; PADDING-LEFT: 11pt&gt; Loss in the U.S entity&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (5
556
602&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (4
015
523&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (4
291
105&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -9.35pt; PADDING-LEFT: 9.35pt&gt; Income before income taxes&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 49
773
802&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 69
023
073&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 62
513


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 74%; COLOR: black&gt; Raw materials&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;6
466
664&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;6
066
074&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Low value consumables and packaging&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;1
685
431&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;1
918
019&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Work-in-progress&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;3
955
169&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;5
385
610&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Finished goods&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 25
871
962&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 28
574
317&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 37
979
226&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 41
944


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right colspan=2&gt;Amount&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; WIDTH: 88%&gt; 2013&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;52
183
597&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; 2014&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;52
660
887&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; 2015&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;20
682
523&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; 2016&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;5
409
275&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; 2017 and thereafter&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 23
039
967&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; Total long-term loans&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;153
976
249&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; Less: current portion&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (52
183
597&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; Long-term portion&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 101
792


 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;Q4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;Q3&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;Q2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;Q1&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=18 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands
 except per share amounts)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Selected Income Statement Data:&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt; WIDTH: 40%&gt; Net Sales&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;441
519&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;415
745&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;408
212&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;374
127&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;1
639
603&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt&gt; Gross Profit&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;42
791&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;39
498&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;35
621&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;35
476&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;153
386&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt&gt; Income From Operations&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;16
834&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;18
280&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;17
732&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;19
535&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;72
381&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt&gt; Net Income&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;9
848&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;11
043&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;10
981&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;12
197&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;44

 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q3&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q1&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=18 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands
 except per share amounts)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; Selected Income Statement Data:&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt; WIDTH: 40%&gt; Net Sales&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;405
886&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;398
086&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;366
453&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;285
783&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;1
456
208&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt&gt; Gross Profit&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;36
230&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;40
037&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;39
146&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;35
916&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;151
329&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt&gt; Income From Operations&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;15
252&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;24
726&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;23
642&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;22
784&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;86

 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q3&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Q1&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=18 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(Unaudited
 in thousands
 except per share amounts)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 13.5pt; WIDTH: 40%&gt; Net Income&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;9
700&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;18
323&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%; COLOR: black&gt;19
315&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;16
883&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;64


&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Pork and Pork Products&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; WIDTH: 64%; COLOR: black&gt; Chilled Pork&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;1
018.6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;890.1&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;514.6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; COLOR: black&gt; Frozen Pork&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;332.3&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;347.7&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;258.5&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; COLOR: black&gt; Prepared Pork Products&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;273.5&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;202.5&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;157.4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Vegetables and Fruits&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 15.2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 15.9&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 16.2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; COLOR: black&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 1
639.6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 1

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 64%; COLOR: black&gt; Pork and Pork Products&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;1
473.0&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;1
291.7&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;822.6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Vegetables and Fruits&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 13.2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 13.2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 13.4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; COLOR: black&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 1
486.2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 1



055
564&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 12%&gt;11.21&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 12%&gt;2.57&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 12%&gt;3.76&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Exercisable at 12/31/10&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;720
000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;10.61&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;4.22&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;274
000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;15.44&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(15
000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Outstanding at 12/31/11&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;1
314
564&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;12.16&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;2.38&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;0.70&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Exercisable at 12/31/11&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;993
000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;11.46&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;0.75&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(22
375&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;9.07&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;(505
189&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;11.42&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Outstanding at 12/31/12&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;787
000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;12.72&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;2.35&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;0.49&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Exercisable at 12/31/12&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;787




 2004&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 14%&gt;5
060
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($611
111)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 11%; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Zhumadian Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/June 7
 2006&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;60
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($8
585
398)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Anyang Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Aug. 21
 2006&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;34
800
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($5
094
422)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Henan Zhongpin Fresh Food Logistics Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Sept. 14
 2006&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;1
500
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($189
665)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Deyang Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Sept. 25
 2006&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;15
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($1
893
652)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Henan Zhongpin Business Development Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Sept. 27
 2006&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;5
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($632
215)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Luoyang Zhongpin Food Company Limited (Luoyang Zhongpin)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Jan.18
 2007&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;60
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($8
703
452)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Yongcheng Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Mar. 1
 2007&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;60
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($8
783
487)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Tianjin Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Sept. 14
 2007&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;100
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($14
639
145 )&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Jilin Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Dec. 11
 2008&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;1
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($145
688)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Henan Zhongpin Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Industry Development Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Dec. 26
 2008&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;10
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($1
461
796)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Taizhou Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/May 12
 2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;100
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($15
298
798)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Changchun Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Aug. 6
 2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;170
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($26
292
994)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Henan Zhongpin Xinda Agriculture and Animal Husbandry Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/June 1
 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;15
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($2
287
841)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;65&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Kunshan Zhongpin Cold Chain Logistics Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/June 3
 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;300
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($46
356
388)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Tangshan Zhongpin Food Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Nov.15
 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;5
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($788
196)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Zhongpin (Hong Kong) Trading Co.
 Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; HK/Sept. 11
 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black&gt;$1
000
000&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt;100&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; Tianjin Jinghui Hogs Breeding Company Limited&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-INDENT: -8.1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 8.1pt; COLOR: black; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; PRC/Nov. 12
 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center&gt;1
000
000 RMB&lt;br /&gt; ($158

  

 both financially and operationally
 do not represent a significant enough portion of its business to constitute a separate segment. However
 the Company&amp;#39;s product lines are divided into two divisions: pork and pork products

 frozen and processed pork products. The pork and pork products division markets its products domestically to retail stores and to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators and noncommercial food service establishments
 such as schools
 hotel chains
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors

 including asparagus
 sweet corn
 broccoli
 mushrooms

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt;Pork and Pork Products&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; WIDTH: 64%; COLOR: black&gt; Chilled Pork&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;1
018.6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;890.1&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;514.6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; COLOR: black&gt; Frozen Pork&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;332.3&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;347.7&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;258.5&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; COLOR: black&gt; Prepared Pork Products&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;273.5&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;202.5&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;157.4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Vegetables and Fruits&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 15.2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 15.9&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 16.2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; COLOR: black&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 1
639.6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 1

&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt;2010&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 64%; COLOR: black&gt; Pork and Pork Products&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;1
473.0&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;1
291.7&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 9%&gt;822.6&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; COLOR: black&gt; Vegetables and Fruits&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 13.2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 13.2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 13.4&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; COLOR: black&gt; Total&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 1
486.2&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; COLOR: black&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; COLOR: black&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; COLOR: black&gt; 1


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718 (ASC 718)
 which requires companies to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option pricing model. See Note 12
 Stock Warrants and Options

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2012
 loans in the principal amount of &lt;font style=COLOR: black&gt;$116.1&lt;/font&gt; million were guaranteed by the Company&amp;#39;s subsidiaries in China
 loans in the aggregate principal amount of $8.0 million were secured by land use right of the Company&amp;#39;s subsidiaries
 and loans in the aggregate principal amount of $19.1 million were guaranteed by Huanghe Enterprises Group Co.
 Ltd.


 2009

 the national currency of China

 a different financial presentation could result depending on the judgments
 estimates
 or assumptions that are used. Such estimates and assumptions include
 but are not specifically limited to
 those required in the valuation of long-lived assets
 allowance for doubtful accounts
 reserves for inventory obsolescence
 valuation allowances for value added tax (VAT) recoverable and deferred tax assets

 and the collectability of these sales is reasonably assured. Since the products sold by the Company are primarily perishable and frozen food products
 the right of return is only valid for a few days and has been determined to be insignificant by the management of the Company. Accordingly

 Henan Zhongpin has agreed to maintain with such lenders an amount of cash that will serve as collateral for its delivery of such lenders&amp;#39; bank promissory notes. The amount of bank promissory notes that are to be delivered by Henan Zhongpin to such lenders can be up to twice the amount of such deposits. As such deposits may not be withdrawn by Henan Zhongpin without restriction

 the Company may also acquire bank notes receivable
 with maturity of less than 6 months
 from third parties
 at a lower cost compared to the face value of the bank notes


 the Company&amp;#39;s policy is to ask customers to make deposits in reasonable and meaningful amounts on a case-by-case basis. For certain customers

 the receivable is written off against the allowance. The Company also examines the credit terms of significant customers regularly and asks for more cash deposits if these customers appear to have any indicators of delaying their payments to the Company. Such deposits are usually applied for the collection of the outstanding accounts receivable during the year. With such a practice in place
 the Company did not have any specific allowance for doubtful accounts provided against specific customers as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011

 2012&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; WIDTH: 74%&gt; Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;2
323
920&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt;1
708
479&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt;Addition to allowance for bad debt&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;2
478
601&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt;714
685&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,255,204); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in&gt; Exchange difference&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (26
995&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; (99
244&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 21.1pt&gt; Ending balance&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 4
775
526&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; $&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; 2
323

 work-in-progress
 and finished goods. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market-based prices according to the weighted average method. Production cost components include the purchase cost of live hogs
 direct labor
 depreciation
 packaging material
 utility expense and other manufacturing overhead. By using a systematic costing system
 the production cost is allocated to various products at the stage of work-in-progress and finished goods
 respectively. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price
 in the ordinary course of business
 less estimated costs to complete and dispose. The Company regularly inspects the shelf life of prepared foods and
 if necessary



 whereas improvements and renewals are generally capitalized in their respective property accounts. When an item is retired or otherwise disposed of


 an impairment loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. For information on impairment associated with long-lived assets

 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 advance to vendors
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 pursuant to which certain pension benefits
 medical care
 unemployment insurance and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require the Company to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees&amp;#39; salaries. The total provision for such employee benefits was $2
206
890
 $1
449
978 and $839
062 for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010

407
486
 $3
913
185 and $3
484
126 for fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010

 frozen pork products and vegetable and fruit products

 the Company forecasts for each of its subsidiaries separately the amount of sales revenue necessary to fully utilize the VAT recoverable. Once the VAT recoverable for a subsidiary is determined to be non-recoverable in part or in full
 the VAT recoverable is written off and booked as cost of goods sold or as impairment loss
 depending on the nature of the event triggering the VAT write-off. The factors considered when evaluating to which account VAT recoverable is written off are as follows: i) if VAT is determined to be non-recoverable due to significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results or negative industry or economic trend
 VAT recoverable will be written-off to cost of goods sold
 or ii) if VAT is determined to be non-recoverable due to significant changes in the strategy of the overall business
 VAT recoverable would be written off as impairment loss. For information on write-offs of VAT recoverable

 b) there is a bargain purchase option
 c) the lease term is at least 75% of the property&amp;#39;s estimated remaining economic life or d) the present value of the minimum lease payments at the beginning of the lease term is 90% or more of the fair value of the leased property to the lessor at the inception date. A capital lease is accounted for as if there was an acquisition of an asset and an incurrence of an obligation at the inception of the lease. All other leases are accounted for as operating leases. There is no capital leases commitment as of December 31
 2012. For information on capital and operating leases

 Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718 (ASC 718)
 which requires companies to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option pricing model. See Note 12
 Stock Warrants and Options

 similar to fully-diluted earnings per share. Such shares are excluded if determined to be anti-dilutive. Of the 787
000 options outstanding at December 31
 2012
 547
000 options were anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. The number of shares of common stock underlying the outstanding stock warrants and options at December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were 240
000
 767
564 and 1
055
564
 respectively

 the Company presents the government subsidies received as part of other income unless the subsidies received are earmarked to compensate a specific expense
 which have been accounted for by offsetting the specific expense

 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $573
508
 $495
815 and $638
899

 all of the subsidiaries of the Company located in the PRC are required to appropriate a portion of its retained earnings to statutory reserve. All subsidiaries located in the PRC are required to appropriate 10% of its annual after-tax income each year to the statutory reserve until the statutory reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital. In general
 the statutory reserve shall not be used for dividend distribution purposes. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the appropriation of statutory reserves were $4.6 million
 $7.1 million and $6.4 million
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the appropriation of statutory reserves were $34.1 million and $29.5 million
 respectively

 &lt;em&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/em&gt;

 2003 and is subject to federal income tax and Delaware state income tax. Falcon Link was established under the laws of the British Virgin Islands on July 21
 2005 and is not subject to income tax in accordance with the laws and regulations of the British Virgin Islands.&lt;/font&gt; Zhongpin (Hong Kong) Trading Co.
 Limited &lt;font style=COLOR: black&gt;was established under the laws of Hong Kong on September 11
 2012
 and is subject to Hong Kong profits tax of 16.5%. The Company&amp;#39;s other subsidiaries
 which are all located in China
 are subject to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax (EIT) Law
 which became effective January 1
 2008 and has a uniform statutory tax rate of 25 percent. Under the EIT Law
 income derived by an enterprise from the primary processing of agricultural products (including slaughtering live hogs) is exempt from EIT. Consequently
 10 of the Company&amp;#39;s 19 subsidiaries in China which principally operate in the slaughtering business in China



 if one subsidiary has net income
 that net income cannot be offset by the loss incurred in another subsidiary within the consolidated company. Similarly
 if one subsidiary has a net operating loss

 based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. See Note 10
 Income Taxes

 which have no effect on previously reported results

 if any
 on the results of operations or financial position of the Company. Based on that review
 the Company does not believe that any of those accounting pronouncements will have a significant effect on its current or future financial position
 results of operations

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  

 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2
375 shares of common stock were exercised with an exercise price of $8.00 per share on a cashless basis. In connection with these transactions
 the Company issued an aggregate of 680 shares of common stock. For cash flow purposes

 options to purchase an aggregate of 20
000 shares of common stock were exercised on a broker-assisted cashless basis. In connection with the transaction
 the Company issued 20

 the Company repurchased 368
300 shares of common stock from the secondary market. In connection with the transaction

 the Company issued 5
000
000 shares of common stock at $14.10 per share. In connection with the transaction

 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 15
000 units were exercised on a cashless basis. Each unit is comprised of two shares of the Company&amp;#39;s Series A preferred stock and a five-year warrant to purchase one share of the Company&amp;#39;s common stock with the exercise price of $5.00 per share. At the time of exercise of the unit warrants
 the holders also exercised the underlying warrants to purchase shares of common stock. In connection with these transactions
 the Company issued an aggregate of 17
342 shares of common stock. For cash flow purposes

 the Company repurchased 2
798
538 shares of common stock from the secondary market. In connection with the transaction

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 a different financial presentation could result depending on the judgments
 estimates
 or assumptions that are used. Such estimates and assumptions include
 but are not specifically limited to
 those required in the valuation of long-lived assets
 allowance for doubtful accounts
 reserves for inventory obsolescence
 valuation allowances for value added tax (VAT) recoverable and deferred tax assets

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

    


    


    


    




        


        






        


        





      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      


























































































        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        




        
        
        
        
        




        
        
        
        
        



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Schedule of Property

        
        
        
        
        




        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        




        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    



 Net




 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $4
775
526 and $2
323







    






    






    






    


    


    


    


    






    






    






    






    






    



 Value




000
000 authorized; 40
376
182 and 40
355
502 shares issued as of December 31
 2012 and 2011; 37
209
344 and 37
556
964 shares outstanding as of December 31







    






    






    






    



 Net of Valuation Allowance



    



 Net



    






    






    






    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    






    






    


    


    






    


    


    



 Loans and Financing Receivable
 Net



    






    






    






    






    






    


    


    



 materials




 Net




 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $493
484 and $449







    



 Plant and Equipment











    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    






    







 at cost: 3
166
838 and 2
798
538 shares as of December 31












































 Shares








 Shares















    


    



 Net of Tax



    



 Net of Tax



    



 Net of Tax



    


    


    



 Gain (Loss) from Disposal of Discontinued Operation



    



 Not Discontinued Operation



    






    






    


    


    


    


    



 Nonoperating







    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax



    



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax



    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    






    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    










    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Plant



    


    


    


    






    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    







 Plant



    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options



    


    










    


    


    


    


    



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Shares








 Shares








 Shares








 Shares








 Options








 Value



    



 Value



    



 Value



    



 Value



    



 Value



    


    


    



 Shares








 Value
 Acquired



    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    






    






    



 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents



    






    






    






    






    


    


    


    


    


    






    






    






    






    


    


    


    






    






    


    


    


    



 Nonpension Benefits



    



 Plant and Equipment











    






    






    


    


    


    






    






    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    










    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    






    


    


    


    


    














    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Frozen Pork Products



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    






    






    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    



 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    


    






    



 Finished Goods



    


    



 Raw Materials



    



 Work in Process



    






    























 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    







 Plant and Equipment







    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    







 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment












 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    










    


    


    


    


    


    






    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range








 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range







    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


















    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    



 Interest Rate



    






    



 Maturity Date Range








 Maturity Date Range







    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    



 Increase



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    



 Other



    


    










    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    



 Less than Wholly Owned Subsidiary
 Parent Ownership Interest
 Change Due to Net Income Attributable to Parent and Effects of Changes



    


    


    


    






    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    



 Gross



    



 Gross



    



 Net of Valuation Allowance



    



 Net of Valuation Allowance



    



 Net of Valuation Allowance



    






    



 Property



    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



    



 Tax Deferred Expense



    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals



    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    






    






    






    






    






    






    


    


    


    






    






    


    







 Shares








 Shares
 Share-based Compensation








 Value



    


    


    






    



 Stock Options



    



 Stock Options



    


    



 Nonvested Awards



    






    



 Options
 Exercises in Period



    



 Options
 Grants in Period



    



 Options
 Grants in Period



    



 Options
 Outstanding



    



 Options
 Vested in Period



    



 Options
 Grants in Period








 Fair Value Assumptions



    



 Fair Value Assumptions



    



 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate








 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate








 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate








 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate








 Options



    


    


    


    



 Options
 Exercisable




 Options
 Exercisable












 Options
 Exercisable












 Options



    



 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period



    



 Options
 Outstanding



    











 Options



    



 Options
 Outstanding












 Options
 Outstanding



    



 Options
 Outstanding



    



 Options
 Exercises in Period



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    






    


    






    


    






    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    











 Nonoperating







    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    






    


    



 percentage of pledged assets







    



 percentage of pledged assets







    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    






    






    






    






    










    


    


    






    



 Future Minimum Payments Due



    



 Future Minimum Payments



    



 Future Minimum Payments



    



 Future Minimum Payments



    



 Future Minimum Payments



    



 Future Minimum Payments



    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    










    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Related Parties



    






    


    


    


    










    


    



 Subsidiaries
 Associates



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items



    


    


    


    


    


    


    














    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Basic and Diluted



    


    


    


    


    



 Cost of Acquired Entity



    






    














    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Units



    






























    


    






    



 Shares







    


    



 Maturities



    



 Maturities



    



 Maturities



    



 Maturities



    



 Maturities
 Repayments of Principal



    






    


    






    














    



 Inputs




 Inputs



    



 Inputs



    







 Measurements




 Measurements



    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    







 net of impairment
 before taking into consideration any valuation allowance



    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 tpg47.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!`0$!`0$`0$
M`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P

1`?_$`)D``0`!!`
!`0$`````
M```````(!08'0$$@
P$!`````````````````````!````8#```$`P
)


MQ'DKM2#^XITC4W9


ML53TFLDSBA4A6+&Z5M5[
RKPWL.U6T01?;O6!EGW!A\UR?W#/;TC/:$7[!M.
MDU7LM4U(BH3R-^*[Y8)ME!G;H0W2EZ9ZN=V]^.9F@U84K5F$7ZYA&C-[WL

$Y$]LS78D@
C-X5IS?;




M


T65;9W0G1M&\OMUP-Y/F6U(T6](5260SI`JV
`&MS1M#4:E3*_'0T

M96U251)XT_''(6F=)59*ER0*&T*8I(8H.


CME<^QEW<JE-KM4VFB;2_D')9O1105)^]U\F(/1;
M[S?

MIK/2$DS6B!B\-"=?O\V&[=/=G3.B:_Z68*%=O;,XED?8D4X6E'J_-LOKJ

.M&?$.W[S_1












]P3V^G;D&Q


MRK1%

MV-N:KBK*?V'.M?=^A'.?(4LL:?WM,%\89&NYYHU/]O3IM;Y9(=1:!)&&QY


MU0!V:

M9&*LV5@I1YL2?RZ2&'R4\E44[)-%-Z$TU


MM.$(M:#Y





MRS@D$!L(P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!BZ[:9KCHFH;)HFWHZ1+:PMF'/D$G


M?A[F6
K5ELZV8ZC3SV8MDXQITZ)8G2^*?TRBQ


M



MU5N'./6T9BK:3/X-.*Q*;4?WI3Q
U[VA
02=O;]`6-NW'T]'%IS]&[
3%[P+


M[(CAG&C.&

^AB&

M!@G#K7MKUPN+)/H*UQEZ



MX$G5@:Y+''5.`].:
2TMSN0[+SY(4Y

/

M2SAEPMEIMKA!.]#7F
UYM[T&NB@O9M]P_FJN:PIBJ/?
NF-T[4K4RQF(5^GX
MRYS5I$$29C@*CQ3T]KGA^&2-/YBM'GJ%!P=\?
+PUK`S]`?8LXU77+U9?_



M+-).*&4H(
&']`?D

H1@2S@A%N6_\`#YO0D]WT
AI+*'+VXK
M,Z4M';TXUVUHG^'SI!
8/<EZ/Y(YP[0FTJL'I7FN&P2MYPSR.4624:AM=974_E90)-5@)



(VM%6@ZHKQ97Z

M^DK(G!

(WAP+.6LC.O1IB$YK@;LXMO+T


3@;GXET5JI(

BQTU
V-*DHI72K9+6PS9.R4(%?H#WYM[

MM;B^V:*JZKF
JOWXRQ27

M&7M1]R\?*.?8:B]XFV;`YLH



M(E/LH(*1+V4NRZ2G?1+[RK[QUN\YP+HGHZW.EGNL&7DVC)TWLTSMV2GOSN21

M
YWTXLKN
MDDD#H-R2N*B9GULP.#1%T:I1I($K:-
I))T'XZ'X_'`H'6'MF5
MGUUQ95/(
TL.?0YRHLJG7ZGKTKTQ&R3^!6O1[$G9839;2B4:7-PE&ME&B4(1
EFM[A*I$I*](YT..9M(/90BQ[\IF@L6(^QK1J3VLI_[6]FV
M

&S/$ID3@VQN1$OM4],Z]ZERK:5.8D2!;TH2R`[,T#S[#<
M#@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,#5Y[LO5C+S1SDP1TVXE=ROI*RXW14=N%H0NSK(*F8


R])%MNR4L+$:

$ML.;3VO9C`Z



%
JK5
MN\


MTT;NBTLGG
NAE&P-EL./1NT*^)K-L25S*K)C

1O.24;8+
M-=Y%BR)\/Y\L!JA




M@E(3QDD$:.




\7*QNP'BGWA3/XE'47
MW*YKN0LAN(4;3K$Q3&YM_P`QL8O

MF`]I/E9W=74SMFL(`.2;G_)W358N2IM8'6LB%!BM4Q:3-Z1T0K2U=#Z8
8

M:^


%F`:C5(8Z_)


%4=LDH!1@67KH/I&ER
MX!R509T

L1NG`D8R2S`NY?[B74;2Z+ZC


4
1R!N*CJM
M0E/`


62'WHS&RWN7XUJAF&#






MH
*/&4UBUH@)X63#O=KN@J#J+$N3C)#!FPJ.!;_`#(W0Z_FV=2S745K5_2

M2VN5R*NITZH$2-O3.*$X+:YIU`$ZK8#=D%A&SGZIK440?G/NZ=^Y#;A

M4SJSX7


M!4UFQKGA4SB0R1\,1&Z3IW(0PX6R@C?



0*''0!`
MP)J\0]UR#WZ;OYKB1D*IJZ:WV(ES^O%LMNRH6USG


/-*?JF
M\I:RV$^
]Z6ST*TUK=

Q$MU@25



^2J:PB2-I9)ICHVACP%;@06

6D/81`


!@
!@
!@
!@
!@


MJ_EB/19HH8PB#':'EC6RYE5^-T45HK*63=;9AP32.0E,IDZ=*K(I5WD_W
M5Y:C@'5XKA&G0*S`IM?

UR\UJ1((+%*NLZF6
MN
/SY('5K-KFX5C
OG[`YEJW





X3)009



^R)F#)
M*[C-EL%O

MZTI_+%-3


ML#
T(7\*]:QJNXS2MIT;=3!R[


M



D)6QF#V::'S!D4?`OMVVY6=%5I#U`ALT/B\QFM


5GTM%9JU5
LUC2F!UO07[S_R)3G-;
M%-&2OA68^'6$)
&82BWKHMB\9V\(F](M0-#


M4;JU+N&$;3%-%L:J!%
2:NU8RQN1$HG%XTTZ6N:(OT5(S0B'Y@ZD7]M7E.%O
6&)I5[9G(DSO@KHQ\B-@L)/:$;
MN](UM]WW


&
M2%W#O


=M*SW`3O#FY

M5*[-\672.86C*99(G)P:FQY

M




5E4-
S7RRPSFDR=

[[9UMRB8S59'HPG6G`;F[YW2%'ZYNRB@B
&(08BA


.!E*#\*T)`*5MRB6@RX'B+WLT/+%:LLG/0%V6'<$K;'IA.BYJ
M8VYYQ.G^S6P+;'#Q(T'R3FG^GD[_`,/Z8M[%L,25O[5'(U9UM.J=0%7Y,JKG
M\%9ZZ<(!:_5/1MLQ:-1R-N)VC!E;M-@68_IJPD$7<VQ*H;'5@TW.*`Y
4(@
MX&RP[T$C:4Y

@!#YPME3O/7.7SN:V#8
_?YLA`U262SFS9P_
GO9@Q;$+QNV%2U<6H_0F2






3G\RA)))4;5)@MF76'U


(2(ER

NAN3CY#.)3-



))-\^C22C?4*
('ZA0!


DALT

M$N

M.6V&;.\B\9Y7Z0-%;'L0?CKX8%2P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!

M




!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@


D8#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8'`Q!+`(PP02RP_$0S!!``.O


M1Y


M\?$-F.M:#K6@ZT'0=:'0=:#H.M:\-:UK7AK6M:U@6'7O\`HM__`-H%B?ZX
MO&!?F`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P*)))+&X8P.\LF$@8X
MG%8\@4.K_)I







DM!)=:&H5?/]^
13K$D[+:T06MAR6SWB-[/7MJ

52Q--%
M*FMZ
`%
M(4I^_0T$W,!@,!@,!@,!@0=Z[DC=.6PS<]5W3MQ=/=#.<
!93G4]'M4;.40


M;4

MH`75'GS()6V[?ED,9&R3O[RSUQ]W$,N)E!I3(Q+RE9;''(A6E))&8I5%F:
MT26
7B'06L#W#^6%
V*J?)+2
9:H+

MK?B&J#D51=ON5$7U==A7O[@7


G34

!@
M
!@


!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@





M@CURT7.=$[+3RB`2H!1A@4RG6@E.C

MK[42L


M^93[/:CTZC0;&L!@

*ONCEL




M910RKI$16\3



W%C!A]C:B#3S/!K
M&[&;+_C%P$@=?O%JRD;;%OJ)8FAC

!]U
MT*M
S]S]`

D.LO[PA7\1

M=E6^]P)38$^M^+I(582^TI=
++CK[$TR-H2&QY/7DS?7BMX^SN0V-.H5IFQH

!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@





M@HG7O#RP&]EO#EIJ@U-]LTK(GS*7M%`R(6%#.9J;4C;+ZFO%6S)5\RJR
MZHTVE


[S5Q^;W]#5S?![-7P%%#*#D:BA:8;6`[R5259A[T;


M%Q3Q].YJVA8L=0MB)2L96GY0:P:XP@G:I(C^?5H$@A%'#%_[0XO7E#]OC\

)8
V)5(K;W*;'+2S7:P9*.(
MQ)0QG^``$KDP]&@#9;P!Q7-.U^).
;C]Q+IJSNKX[
N:*%FS#SZ2H75C1)A



ME'J'-.4G\$F@GC


A%ZHPC+#9I@

M/K?


BPEP9I!'7Y0YL
MSRU+B!#)5M[DWJ2SB3`[WH8!ZWK`N'`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#
M`8#`L,ZKJY466@N0^$QHVUFN'KZ_;[!&U)12M)G-T1O:^


\%2*2
[Y#X\[-4@D!($Q9+Z
M^-Z]N4)'9Y*+1DAJ4`,/#HH&M\`Z\`IK92=
LC?&6EFJ.L&AJA3\9*8:V-
MD`B:!OB4G.%YS9'&425I*3


TJ?V

M0=$1A&RI2@Z#H!00@!K0899O9JYZCD.:*\CO1_N.L





#V


M-V24E



!@
#E]]'4;R[!P6-
M?]FQFKX@H=DD?;'0J3Q+9!(W`L\UNC$48&U.ND
NE#B4E-$G;&Q(K7'A*'L


M^25[S^[O#RC?&R630OFF/2137(WN1LL@.;C=NNGG8$)900BT8'9FPENPL#%%

S(T-R4&BTR!K:FXE





M#K82\:71L?FIL?6-P1O#*]-Z)V9W9M4%+6YT:W)
4L;W%`L3B
(5HEJ0X!A1


M


7$#`(\M/Z!7EV(8



QGJ1!+V#0-#WH.PS;T
_P#;R*11QFY2K/FF11]8U&J)5.[_
M`+6L2*[8';2P\HEN9H)7U9RM7)B?DPEG.-=FW6Q#$#PUY=$'1YYC?=B.4.
M[_U=;'
S_'%+
:C9*YY]J&PHL0U/`G`DXAX7SZQ+.E;L[A(;2QD#3@;4A9IA
MGJ:]/0=`V&+IK[?CA:
KD4BLON'O%X9GF2N[RW5Y!;O;*

M2
+@4E=6-E3FA((

`7H1YYIF]CV$@('R71$`I%^YV(BCI.:CEAS\HE

WQU0+SB@[^4








M&G*$S_`+SCY;@+]/82PJ@$BWX:V
&O$6`-[:ZYA6U`K;]JWI@*)
(`=N_/\`






9!P3%#G=Q




MMV

)9M

M2MOAG
G'D63GZ

MTVTN8`;*/^64D'^F+?D
`+P%H

J:I17G9G0G-Y;8QELYD6JULIM



0][*V


MJ

Z
Y8KIE


M5#%YQJ5+HTQI*O4J1^TPPP0_P#+\,29!)*8HLA

][UK`UA+?<6E-_N:Z&^VS


ML!@
!@
!@

TD:'*/R-H:Y`P
MO*)0VO#&]MZ1U9W9N5EB)5('-L7E'HEZ)24+83C0`






/D1GKJUIJ^L!E9WB3)FU6K97-:42




@HW@WEJKX)*['C5<TISQ5]<5(W3FSI
S1=L+9X9
D#.)_H_G^X9E7C&%<XEMICP_VH=$&JM$+*V&#V:J-`[&C*3@$9H`@ZP,N
M]%V'V?&Y''XSRSS55-JMSJSF+7ZSK@Z.JF+0]UTL4$$L^HC'*VL2:2LT28H

M@E367+G/]0T[OGZ#U?'R::






M8Y8_;]F_1;RU63[F=EM?03@@6$O$9Y+KTEXC'%-9JRCMJ$8'.%.!X7_I3-H
MO#7UJ;;-1%X[2LZ+7AK`VB-;6V
;:@9F5M0

MJ)`@2%DI4:1




M+$H2[IPEAEBP*@DH^.




(.+


M5@TO#(*O[CH15!))=8J^N1R*@IMU%3;?LI.R`CLWDLJAT!:I?7
6G#P[B0
MH=/;&3M
H3C^9-`7O1NPFM&)]!)LHD.&36(R]7$WI9')4EB\D9G]3&9$WF





MMTC*D$VI:(-S%*U$EAL2@52@:&6O&)JC[JK*+*/


]*+5S*QP\L]6QLICI.G7[ET57#`6L:AI


MY&[K5#!


MN



F.Q.?^265F7W




+`$:M4!O;R-&&;$/1))8
M/'R@#K0=GQW^7?\`GP.,PZ\_P!%/_\`M`L3_7)XP+\P&`P&!A^7\_4E/;+K


1&B'YQ



LANV
J.?CI%V[SCS
M]PU3=?6!*F_EJJRW2].EIM9SZ]MS4XQ*4-#'8DGU7[(V-7G9FAB;RG&0G%N)
MZLTLAN^7

VK!+5U^2?D6Q8Q)FRO;EA:261R
M+]D%1Z%M

MZUW

MZ8;(:WER(7;2Z*V:H1;5:$(PM)/6/?%AQ&OMV-TW5-3-FF[V[V$@YEIXN:
M




M!L



!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@?
M%0G(5D'I51!*E*I)-3J4R@H!Z=0G/`(HX@\DT(BSB3BQ;((M;(.]ZWKPP-

ALO@]N3$SFG5KHJ,7ODWX?7NIR5J`SJE9
MYJQQK!P4)VT\[9AC$H1'F[1'A;+#[U=8VS.9].4N0NU.O!U.3$$MJ/-/P6J


MRE%[]
QYLE73SZSB'KQ657S&E7+(Q7RM82'?I+IZX#4I@F:$-B&9K80!(_FO


`9OZ-[5JWE:0L#9;L*O\N)OS.-V';-?T)9MN5=&



MOSD8P4O)[3ZADP%X&WZ%R_0UQ7.5\T8`LP&SY?&H:*NVY)Y#0[VI5O*=
'QU
MH1FM[UK82
Z(?NQ@(H6W\CP&A'-PD);H=



MS

.-

M7?:W(
-+!Z9('5BXMF\H7G@+\!#6F-[_`-
-R!.J4^&P[*T
PHO6_-K8MZ\

MJ7RP9





A]1NE@NK`\MUM6@SV-(#;D

ME[&F;%


M:)W'
K/6KA5Y7#RT.$@LR9:0_-'[4FB);6)27L/F4:&&(^%/9=K*!)+]%W7
MQK[95F.E@7=++:J];6U.;L5WB+/9+@ODDQ@,DEUS5PTR!X8X_*U0S8]O7JC2
MH%8T8]Z*2I_,&YZM:!HRFJZ#4-24W5]9U0$]Q5:K602


)\(5R)S1(W)

I(
,L8=[
(M;UOPW@6;7G^
MBG__`&@6)_KD\8%^8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#
M`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`^1X!&$'%@]'SF$






M`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8'R4#V6G4&:V
.P$'#T(

MXG60_4[6LDG4?0)DB9R!-7F'
CA*6\E&N/:DB8]
]JCP[+
&3H'EWKX;UK6!

GGQ(5:1*EJ31P/[?3.
#^06\#)&
M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&

INLE15N2M#.K.3+X1'
M7%'.YBVMC8SH)))D2]O4I'5V2(&@C19IH-B:$1NO[TPP8PJ:6DJ811ALA*.
MHJO20QD?2I0S1%-`(F1&&B3$'#4$2)L8FD#4@?25!@AA5E%`4!&+8M#\=^.
M!D[`L.O/]%/_`/M`L3_7)XP+\P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&
M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P(@=V


I1RDPM









&$YK8UN@O91#0M.V8C&H$$P


M\M8%_+#^XX#\)ZL_EK`OX18?W'`?A/5G\M8%_+#^XX#\)ZL_EK`OX18?W'










M=O2:HI/TYU?%%KFTP!)3$CE:ZO(5$JAKQF



K0DUE%5K
MTJJC



!@
!@


[L8KK'5EJ74




!@
!@
!@0Y]P)/;1O&O1:RE;A6




SK*;.E/(<B%<%OS&]YY%^KNQXYVC.STHY%)4T

MCV^J.8^JTSK8\C;NMNBI%9C)933TPIKFL(JX/D%H:J;2GS!*-LE_R&J7*YF5

=F$B


MR;V'PW@7]@
!@
!@


M


M32Y/B=S;E)+LX-:
H)*8Y1HPP@H.@@V$.O#`1NJZPAS6%CB%;P&*L@&MR9`
M\;AT=8VL+*\K#'!W:`M[8VI4FFMU7FB/4I_)Z1YPMC&$0M[W@=;=/5(*/1F(



?9FEB



0K:NJ^2I$
@,)@Z)O2*T!'#XHPQE*B0N



#G`LT+7KD8

1/ZM`TMP5SHN)3E;--!ZAYH`!\1UK880K[N
M_B6V4FE]7==<VV(A%,8A7@5D)NFO9.E%/;!-7D02%A/9W]84*4S(]K4@:T&M
M_,KA)S-$@'L`O`)7^&_L\-^.`\-_DW_FP'AO\F\!X;_)O_-O`LV*6'`IVME[
M;II%Y:XU])U
*G:&-OK:\JX;


4MB3TU2:+2=H;I!&Y&PKTSJQOS$


MUD*!
4W+1$JC#UA(`@V(P&MA=
HMVJH1



M11F]!'X;WX8$@?#?Y-_YL!X;_)O_`#;P'AO\F_\`-@/#?V^&_#\N!:$[G\&J

ULU0

!@

MP%(*&U3

MC41:ITMRM&Q+2`D8+E5.,WC:!+5`W!I3OR`%BJ%;B23#1+6164K*TX3[
3
M&!







MW;




S^%/GSOT:6PY[;I'''7Z:X*VEP^GO+2H5(%GR+H@/

M42;%+HK*0-I^0R):WM20YP6G@))8:'9A@M!#X[WK6!BZO.TN/[



M:3#66[(H4



MM0-/0O25YTS4DXO;N)+R



MT/


Z
@
=L'_B#)%7
MT^45/8=E0!:?4(N&%+\]PEOE4=6(E[=6#C*D@BO
G-*(+.'ZB8TE9HLX`3FY

[%75;7;U;$=K)K=)/*#%TKFQ





MOP6.ML-0&E;9=Q?4Y^_)`YD0/4D]32_:#U-;0^797@;XZP+YNW[EOW[5ZZ



K[L6*+:Z0.\3+XWZ;H%*9=W
M)-N
1KP.




N86:M5/3.D(&!$D)7`/3[T7OQP.E[

UDX^7)O3#CS'9*&HU#/.%_4=L.*6&H+$1SV4%J&]




MXPIN3BV'8`JUNW7
!=A^X&WP#HWLA7W+!?=%H*'\043&+`O=PH]VKUU0T(;=




G9$W33DV1JNP-;$!7&&R^L
MFIOMJXHDQRP*_;9(%*AV*,*-$F`O/TG\`!LMK?8&K0J3\^:A4K]1!^/'X




MD^74C#'@-4




M8A841)I#VPKJYJ]S4
78)W2

^L9K;XRZ+YC+Y5%9ZTB7F

5&R/
SA+$]-]=



ONPD9X^

97N-=4]_U94+%QU=2*@[*I-5?4
MN=]D5



EK:Y+FJA7(




MBFR[I]R/CV+&5%P?1*ZE.=XE#JBK^^EZ*7J(D;O0E%BR5SD(DRUS4E$DDD%D


+\



M.


+\N_A_
!@JG^<:HHF57O

MT=AICHWI'-6I3
*43!%417RJ



#GS;\/#QP.-[WO[=X'

+\N\!YM_9X[P.?
+\O_


MRX#S;_+]N!Q@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@1(G';W/5?RZV


550V8M[++&PYXA\D$SK#CPF

J;TIXDAX3=

B_-L`O`+/LGH*DZB:)N\V':,'C9==0
M5WLN8-BV3,VIT0=C1#<%\B-CH5NWH;?Z`=:*


M242U'!4EECV-

YTBW%54B9T\DU'TVQ:
M4ONV



ML%@MDML+8'B3K_Q'LM8!KA5;10IM2F%R^;O+XH(;]HT(S?E5YX2%`RA@-T6%


DJ=IA

M\G9G.1#4.0;=5CJ\2%ED2%Q2Z0C5$[;U/KC,``H_909,MSINJ:7$LDA*E+






WO6BE`
MO^RF/V6%\:M6KMQYCEVK)@&XI)G

HYN/2%X5*#DB9I8WKZE]-=G-0
MJ3F%`(3FF&C



3BT


M5::DT0]C-#I&/S^53L6M%[%XZP*


M?@G%IQ




D?;75:J

M7B%ZX#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`B]T]18+2J.R&.$0&FWV=S%
SENB2S


^S'M(N?Y4YH10AS/
M3A&'25
8N*;BS=I$I9VPMJ\_;SMJ[X]:5`+'J%
5


M-&&C-&


M\


M;PZ304?0C4'D)_.08K/`046G**)$&
3^-[7?N?NRH02EA5?NO2LR(FD`JW4P



7HT02PKO=W*DVZA9VAJB)\.`2F
MJ+I*O7$B7JEJ=

!?)G#=WG3^87(MK7G62

:LJ98ND1)I:S5J:1*2D
MJP)X1G*`RI17%UNT]UY..B5[[Y;&+-G=M:=HHXN;B?^&D1D\6K4V)R^HTZR
M/'F




MH\
TTWR;;'
%N23H+Z?%;(;T/.4*I)!7[*XR-;-%;I4\0A3
VV8W29\1.)KE
M.[H5-!K9(@GD@-TV
;`
U6H





MV((\3?C8H0#

M8NM3.@JN%



M(DE$!*UM#;MT`

H9

MA:OWO2?`KT
]NB\C+)KJ4VZCY[F.F
+/)ID^





MJY#

MGT:1N2(I.B6F%D)!$*=:+&#`PQ(?;KM-WL,B2HI#7R/V)=CPCZ*0C4O0G*


I1O28

_M]7K%VY1'=







]Y=;G=*YJ/H6(Q
MF.JF;H=9$JZB;






3&J!A

AT2*C












[8
MJ?67!


M(@]8T1ABL6R=DAM!P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!SX[W]N][P.
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
#`U0^E]_NC_`$_P5\WXM-/J_A9\



^;_QGTWZAY?T?+@8S
^B_TIV#




M]^CY/D/N9_X)\O\`1?E/[WUL#%5H_2/HO+/J?[DOS?@R5]._$+[[_=WT/O\`

MZI_6)TQ]Y/PE^L_AVI^G_1_N=^



_@+]ZOF_G_`+[R/Q^N_4_[O\7?L^Y?RG_A
MOUOY[P_MP)'^X?\`(?A?$OJ/]&7R_P!\/A_6I]Y/N7ZWTU1Z/W7^ZW_B?UKS



1`?_$`)@``0`#`0$!`0$`````
M```````$!08#`@$'`$!`````````````````````!```00!`@0!!0L'`@$

'

U-S
M-#:!L7*S)'0UM9'18@BA0W;!X8*28\

M``#_V@`

M2V+$E6(C.0XA(B(G'5W=WXN@T7X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I
M?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I
M?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I
M?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I
M?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I
M?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I
M?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I
M?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I
M?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I
M?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I
M?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H'X+]I?8_$_
X?@H.7:C&X_&4-P8_'5XZE&M

T;B[QP`7/([^06%N)(*/(YK
M/;-W`\3S7-PU\5M=[M\9[`QO*5:R[S6='U#JD&N@LW'PU;Q0:*]W


YW%
:.9IY;$7
=:H#0MQA7M@
DU.Y::&.
M8)HM.1QD!QEC]S@SNSH+!NY1MFO0I






;F;\&+LE+U(X8X``X@.*3F

F9W\R
1%^+_
M`.E!TG[NP!C#R

.GB@LLEW`:

XD7

1-ZGI

M.
PN7Z



D@UC;U?9$=1AED)C'FD;SM?-)O!!J^X&:GV_


AVZ_
M_J?]_P![_P#;0:]`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`
M0$!`0$!!XG_J)/\`9?\`U(


H+4I32EJT3
Q\TCLVC:




[LZ#Q#



MC*!($=IFC]X

V.LW`R$^.

M%F=PZ@Q]2


M^GRLS^#.3Z^#3(`@(`@(`@(
AVZ__J?]_P![_P#;0:]`0$!`0$!`0$!`
M0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!!XG_J)/\`9?\`U(
UVM_A
MMM?]UU/]R*#4(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!!\






M
/HX\\[MJ(Q\\FC-R_TD%\@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(
M`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(
;V@_P`@4?\`F+_[

1)B&
=#CU$G;CKS:(++`;PREBIA

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@QO:#_(%'_F+_`.WSH-D@I8MND&[[6XGL
M\S6:



M$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$'F4G&(R;Q$7=O\`0R#\\VG6[CY[;&*S1[MC

MSF-S)W)Y./CHWN



V8_9<'RB!]VNX





M-K;RN9O$8K
S4H*>-R=`

L
M8YX



3F#7FC%Q=



MLK6:4:;9$I'E!HFK$;@
G4=^71W%_*@[ANW:IRC$&9I%*=CT
`:Q$Y/9T9^B
CF9
[\!'5N9_)J@KK^_=G
MTL=:R$F6JR5J10QV7AE5P.R[#)

MNKTF=KEB.N!L;!)P8IF?P\$%AF
C)0QXSL54)BE@BTMS]%WEE$9I'$M2T)

MG8AO49

XB`^+Z/\`Z$$2MOK)'D-JTK&*

M@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@\3_`-1)_LO_`*D&:[6_

M[5AC*F(H#NIL-%CK




6P




M
0EP\0BY386_;6
O068:MZYD]L38::P!QUQ&SUYI(B.






7?R=
M4.=F_*+-Y608J;MGN.U@KE2+&PT-P39^UE\;G^N&M



M3/X&%.K'7*5OR'()

.K#)+4M\Y!$+`+ERV&;5V;CH@L.





M_AHLI%8P4`2R3Q=(JUPG9Z\YP.^K6&\7CU06O0[M_KN`^:7?I*!T.[?Z[@/F
MEWZ2@=#NW^NX#YI=^DH'0[M_KN`^:7?I*!T.[?Z[@/FEWZ2@=#NW^NX#YI=^
MDH'0[M_KN`^:7?I*!T.[?Z[@/FEWZ2@=#NW^NX#YI=^DH'0[M_KN`^:7?I*!
MT.[?Z[@/FEWZ2@=#NW^NX#YI=^DH'0[M_KN`^:7?I*!T.[?Z[@/FEWZ2@=#N
MW^NX#YI=^DH'0[M_KN`^:7?I*!T.[?Z[@/FEWZ2@=#NW^NX#YI=^DH'0[M_K
MN`^:7?I*!T.[?Z[@/FEWZ2@G;)V_DL)C+463L0V;UV]:OSG6`XXF*S(\G*`F



VKAKX
MM[JR=V9G=WT9O%T!G9V9V?5GXL[((4&9QT^*+*A(340&20I#CD`F&)W8WZ9
MQ\.5_YO'R(.N.R%/(X^MD*4C34[D06*TS
[

M`




M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(]J?\CU?^9R'[?.@UR`@(
M`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(
9WA


M]L[ABRL`%(TOI]1X^@
C@S.
PMS\-6=V]UG0::EN*U'N7`A2O%E
'9CHP!#5


\L=JO-7`)88B'D`Q&:3F]UAU+WJ#==M
[/D



M][O_6&+^+/X!Z%W?\`K#%_%G\!`][O_6&+^+/X!Z%W?^L
7\6?P$#T+N
M_P#6&+^+/X!Z%W?^L,7\6?P$#T+N_\`6&+^+/X!Z%W?^L
7\6?P$#T+N_]


7\6?P$#T+
MN_\`6&+^+/X!Z%W?^L,7\6?P$#T+N_]88OXL_@('H7=_PL
7\6?P$#T+N_
M]88OXL_@('H7=_ZPQ?Q9_`0/0N[_`-88OXL_@('H7=_ZPQ?Q9_`0/0N[_P!8



M%W?^L
7\6?P$#T+N_P#6&+^+/X!Z%W?^L,7\6?P$#T+N_\`6&+^+/X!Z%W
M?^L

TL
M



X8

GVMX;/`?Z-_*#_`.&2L



ZM.7T*-I<?U/0I&;SHGF'E




@?BUVU]HZ7QC('XM=M?:.E\8R!^
M+7;7VCI?&
@?BUVU]HZ7QC('XM=M?:.E\8R!^+7;7VCI?&
@?BUVU]HZ7QC(
M'XM=M?:.E\8R!^+7;7VCI?&
@?BUVU]HZ7QC('XM=M?:.E\8R!^+7;7VCI?&
M
@?BUVU]HZ7QC('XM=M?:.E\8R!^+7;7VCI?&
@?BUVU]HZ7QC('XM=M?:.E
M\8R!^+7;7VCI?&
@?BUVU]HZ7QC('XM=M?:.E\8R!^+7;7VCI?&
@?BUVU]H
MZ7QC('XM=M?:.E\8R!^+7;7VCI?&
@?BUVU]HZ7QC()&/[E;R-^A1SM.Q=
MM%R5ZX2






MT\B#V[LS:OP9O%T'EI8GBZK&+Q.W

+,_@^B#
MZ@(`@(`@R/<'_%[0_?]?\`9K*#7(`@(`@(`@\3_`-1)_LO_`*D&:[6_
MPVVO^ZZG^Y%!J$!!21[HCDW?:VR-21K-:E%D'LN0=(HII#B`6X\_-SQ%KYNB
M#SM?=U//X1\PT)4*S6+%72R4;/SU9SKF^HD0Z/)&7+Q07)V*X$P'*`D3L(B1
M
SNY:Z


W


[IWTVW:D]RUB[



XN^
MNFFK?E01[&0-O0RJ1-;ALS=*28)8Q&



+
M.M@:4!WLJU=KEB$'$`@@(G`#E

'=



^#WYO?.8^&!\ACMIU+D'



MD;M


LV

M1W`**L\A-YKSB
I%*PLS:^)
1W8S:T.


M&?O[=WCN'+6CK6K-NAMRN





(;MTUAQC;CS'UNMSQDWF
MN'Y!U#


MD\3D]I6O4STI:Q9R/+3BT+$

SW0L6[]

R

.6E=@MC8D\C2^8,T491\OF\G#5M$&^H;GN3Y2CC[6
M%MT3NUY[#RRE`81%!*T?3DZ4ANSF+L8NS<NG#7FX(,;N[:6Y<C?W76N4LN8
M;'R[:RXD.E&2LPB3.3OSQ/#*+SLXMYW

MJ=

M]QY']KI(-8@(`@(`@(#)]I_X:[;_Y'\U!K$!`0$!!47=H[;O6;MFW0CG


MHUB.XT






W


M(S%_$2$F=G;^5!6Q;-VG#1:A%B*D=





]F

M#USW
]F


]F


_W)G@CF#;&.Y)0$






M9[
YGLQCOM<_H2#EBJ&\+N]:^<S..J8VK4QUFD`5[A6S.2Q/!
M(SNSP5V%A&!_*_B@V*`@K

78A=G\K.R#T@(*]]N[?)W

MBY!8UT;EX:Z(-=]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N
M_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3
MXB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X
M*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V
M]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5
M=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB+X*!]V]N_5=3XB
M+X*#I!@\+7E&:OCZT

M!`0$!`0$!`0$!`09KN;_``XW5^Z+W[
:[Q/_2J?]Q%^8R4@(`@(`@(`
M@(`@(`@(`@\R1QR1E'(+'&;.)@3




1/X
W%!W
M
PC`C




M0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!!FNYO\.-U?NB]^S&@N\3_`-*I_P!Q%^8R

M:Z

Q:R$6*+*/D







M&[=EKXB


G+5V)Y*PZFW'B7E?5@UJ`@(`@(#-=



N8'T+S4%0_8C`%M`=I2Y&S8P_5LS



M
&)R(G`7(AY+1M7%M?-?\G%!X:K58!C:$&`7YA!A;1B]UFT


MT_(@ZH`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`






XZP31E)!6B;


M^V-Q8^CMYL[EI`Q]



M9#'SR%'!9BED`6D
`

4
=F
M?Y/P7[OJ_PX!!<(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(
GW)_PD8O\`?F'_`.XP
MH-8@(`@(`@(`@(/R*UL3.6=C=P*98VPV6S=S*RXF!K(@

[:


MUK(\T+%$62

TM

M':*26$'T*
E'.
D$'-*8DXP
1W,YXC,29N5X_P`@H(=_8.\K^`A;'TQQ
M65J;;?#W8E!H[M@)H#:-CC<OT;A!

-4R


M7HHRR@?/R2'-%S







@368'$8S-R:/S2+B7-H@K-VU-S9[8E

^A

1`

M3!Y?`S2XMJ
4&UX


EGA,:71DCKYM6$8?1


#P
0P7II)*K$X'J8DSAYK:




@L8$+\'$A?5G9T%=%M/:







M!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!!ENZG\




1

M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$&/[F_X'`?_4.(_:P0
M;!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`09;NI_#/=7[IN_PX-!HZ/^K_P!V
M'YK(





4`PLS%U2PL#NXL/\]^/Y=4%3O%M;.3]3Z?


MK\\TDI--8XMIP;CRL@_3T!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0
M$!`0$!`0$&.[F_X'`?\`U#B/VL$&Q0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$&
M6[J?PSW5^Z;O^X-!HZ/^K_W8?FL@[(`@(`@(`@(`@(#Y)[POY'093M

F;4G_E0?*^.Q

=:LP6;-6*:Q5=RK32`)'&[^4=M1\/(@DH`@(`@(`@(`@(
M`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(,?W-_Z9A/_J##?M\2#8(`@(`@(


HY`D`=7U9_%G;1![

M)
MD-W;5Q)W+E6E:;('9E:GJ%(\



7F=G9V\6=!U'MIA!%A'(YH1%F8
M1;
9%F9FX

=1CO

3?E9!2=I-E;^[=






*-

M
?W/X8?$'Y0SV%=OM&%O_M0;!`0$&6@P=\M^9O(3P..*R&+I48IF


MWU;EYGY4%5G]H;RAQ]5\&?3R$\-A[;59&KQPW(*&G$.:K3$3#I\=?'E=W=

MCL1



M!HYND$D=6_$
\(3
PR



M_
68Y):V.KRVIXX68I'CA!S/E8G%G?E'W4'2CE*5WA!*)2M%%-)#JW.`3LY1

Z4@(`@(
EVW_P`!F_W]EOVPT&M0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0


MM!K'X
@_$[^V


_0V]F
ML=5Q5ZKB
B=]PW+%?C!YX9I(9#FDHPE
3OTV-^3HO_-?BW'5!XBPN;L6I8AQ



M0;_9.

[JP^Y+V

?Y$$/=-H;FZ
B5JO

MI'CK
#QPQG*SL)

Q6Q^Y[&WO1I
1DAGCV+;P]EI83;J9(

8'P?K
M



MUY0T\I





(VU_(@^3]QMMUI;N3/*%+AX

M9W$P)B%T&/VIO3*Y;*6\?8RU4
A5S5W'QT6KOK+4HR.Q$Y
;\IO$VO-X:^1!







AM#(Y96V-&L48\PM

M4%/O`=I6\Q@L5G*
EF]?EF'#S1



M2QB31R$S
S
YB[\$$G$9^EE;64K5QD&7$6O0K;2#RL\G2CF9PXOJ+A
/%!9(

AN/\`B)L[^[RG^XC0:FZ%



40*G
M:X$YQ$9<SG/#&Y!S::-HWCJ@O=J[:R^

L^C=:?E(N60687'@.HL@NLK


VYR8A?S69OR(
[D\9N&I-@NX


@XT


@K\?1W%C\-2LR4

YW8K$`
QD[$

(49


[-4



M4W+5L`

92D902U&:`JWG$1\D

EVW_`
!F_P!_9;]L-!K4!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$

M]N/%21D3A1G

MJNO7BBE=N0CCY2U9G\A::\KZ!=(

I4;5?EC)IG.X4X

S65W/7L-RPXG(A4J`\)P2-&5.=VD$W?F)CF+SFX.VFB#4(`@
M(`@R?<O_H%+]\X?_N==!K$!`0$&3WW_`-2V=^_@_8+:#6(*O`;DQF=&Z5#J


8:B_@_*7@@EF0@+F;L(BSN1/P9F;
MQ=T'R*6.6
)8R8XY&8@
7U9Q=M6=G_*@](
W)O\`P

M@PN40S
[\@DY-TC8]19^^HWJ=^G!=I3!9IV0&6O8B)C`XS;F$A)N#L[.@[



MN4J5*@5[



*\O(

52.M

!..U6LU)?018(3$OT-BO*8MTG9A

MBQ4.W




?<=^[B:
MFX)

M[CI71G.X0/0D:T509!E?E&-RZ/3-_P`FCH++[M9'.?\`MVCV[BH9:V4EPL%;
MT:R


S%A/WKL7*_
MFEP?B@Q6W

=.S)Z0(X^M#^B(8W$OTL9#KKIP]Q!0
M$-_#YC*\V/O#BIMUO9W!Z/#8


!2R2#YK''(/(YOYW@W%D&^09+MO_@
W^_L
MM^V&@UJ`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(


M'1T'O[V;P]B
A\\QGTE`^]F\/8C(?/
9])0/O9O#V(R'SS&?24#[V;P]B
A\
M\QGTE`^]F\/8C(?/
9])019.X&XH\I!BSV7D&NV89;



^DH'WLWA[$


(H/T!`0$!!C^X5BO7
MN;0FL2A#&=CYY)8!;6C;;B3Z
@OOO-MOZVI_.(OA('WFVW];4_G$7PD#[S




M.(OA('WFVW];4_G$7PD#[S;;^MJ?SB+X2#F&?VJ$LDH9.DTLNG4/KQ:ERMHV
MK\WD0=/O-MOZVI_.(OA('WFVW];4_G$7PD#[S;;^MJ?SB+X2!]YMM_6U/YQ%

MXFQ_9[&?

Z_P$#[B

Z_P$#[B;']GL9\SK_`0/N)L


M9[&?

Z_P$#[B;']G

Z_P$%I0Q]#'UAJT*T52L&KA!``Q
M1L[OJ^@@S-Q=!(0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!!C^Z_\`E`?WIA_^ZUD&
MP0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$&7O\`\2\+^Z
G^T44&H09J'=-H-UY
M_&70BCQV(H5
A%.'



M(7GMKX`W%O.%!JT!`0$!`0$!`0$!!D-F_P;M]?O.K_VNJ@UZBEW57/


+2AK6:N(!W

S:Z^X@B8/N;6RF+LVO02CM@-(J=(9&-YWR5

QZ-S
SZLS^71W9O]2#Z@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@Q_=?AL_F?P')XAR?W&;*
M5D&P0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$&7O_Q+PO[HR?[110:A!FX]L63W

M@
9-$+\_)*43^DR
6C-((U8FY6=VU8GUXZ


Q5PC199RZ_I

M`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#']V?\DS?\_BO^Z5D&P0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0
M$!`0$!`0$!`0$&7O_P`2\+^Z
G^T44&H0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`09#9O^;M
M]?O.K_VNJ@UZ`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(




=




M;1G;71_+_(@](/)'&`N1$PB+.Y.[LS
Z)[LZ#['6KQ22RQ1`$DY




60&?F%OY4'ROF\-9*L-:_7G*Z,DE
M-HY0/JA[-(4?*[\S!SCS.WAJ@FH.%;(4+








C;PNZ=S27YYH(-


M
@=]!X-KRZ\$&F0$!`0$!!DNV_\`@
W^_LM^V&@UJ`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(
M`@(`@(
=W=?385TOZ-G'E_^6_`_P#]B#8H`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(;



M

S-H`^YX(/H

EVW_P&;_?V6_;#0:U`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$&-[O_`
/[_P#?4?VZ!!LD!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!!D-L?Y_WI_MXW]D


=C

6QYQB_FCIYKH)]/?.



F)Q^.KU




MD\3:




.NNBP[H;NOX2<,=D`K78,3D,F%9PCYC*JP=,SDFU'I1<I

0(Y1H@W*6A$0:=24@#Q\.;W$&3Q.]=R'M';E

Q:OP\UQ07-GN)E/7F*Z%^$H+&3QU[28(QCB&[1:P8.YN\
MQR<QB8D.@,.@\7YD&A[4<OW4F8=-&RV89F;P_PJ64&Q0$!`0$!!DNV_^`S?



#9


MVXV52M^EU

;2QT@8^2-I/$F!F;7CXH.C;`VBU4ZOJ]O1S
MQXX@HNI+H]`-7&O[_P!XW
Z#

ZXPSSA-#?@FO5[D01@`1QO''
M
T$I`

;.1Y*

WE.WN'S5JK?QUBDV



G3-V&&+E+I-^





\95.`:D1O'%-UY(Q!Y
M6XMJ)L/Z31R9M4$_![BR

MB(BVOAP04^V][[@S.%HXBT=:?

PA:O4M/5&
0$^9R(I&X\WFBW



MRVK8S-5(!JV*P0S59;$V





S
6/HX_;F%M5P]%8
MBDMU9X]


M$!`0$!`09+MO_@
W^_LM^V&@UJ`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(
;WA_AU

MGQ^1KQVZ-H'CL5Y18P


K;Z


9N4ND+CH&K





/G;\29_%!:B(B++
(BVC
W!F9D'U`0$!`0$!`09
M+MQ_@
W^_LM^V&@UJ`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(
9WB_AOF7\K#`[?R






`\WS




6%RYB)V+RLS
S-Y4&0Q_=.&[6HW1QIAC
AESQ%;(%
'2D:.*4RM

C.S\0_P#5X(!Y;%`4



2D&8I08'
M`7T(F)WTT9_%T'N];FAHE8J0/=E\WHP@3#S\Y



;T
KS`91A(`
MF`R@S-HY

&A-*W!!=H`@(`@(`@(`
M@(`@(`@X7_`/`V/[H_S7047;/^'.U_W31_9P0:1`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$
M!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!!D.W/O-R_O_`'YPH//<NIN?)XRMA
-




MZ@R]3&T=M
M6


M+

5L:[C)J)06&L90ZE
2B?]%9













3=
78?'W$%M4




MKP0:)`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$'__`(&Q_='^:ZB[9_PYVO^Z:/[


$VY
9D+..GL8VOD\J

;=.


N+MRMY'09Z7MYNZ/!Y3!W1];39/;^.
MQE'*]0?^$O4HCC

W7S
MC2UV9Z4+14;C(8RC)

M@$IUKO3+JP/(X`YQR0#J)$W

XH@P!VX\[5Q9XIRFJ,](J)\M25CE9A=C8I0*+F%W)^+(/




[
3OTYA\Z-WT\WB^FK(-@=FM'T^I*`=5V&
M+F)FYG?P8=?%`*S6&08RE`9?E$')F)RTUT9O=TXH/K3P%*432\H
SG&SMS
M

L%M.O3R7J[#X^:6:$RMU(8J\?I#$SDP2OHPZ2.WB?!!9TYZD-.


M.

M



S

M(2NS1$1

^C\$%I#/!.'4@D&4-7;G`F)M6X.VK(/9.[
[
MLVK^1D%)M#=

S%G-OXW-11E#%DJL-N.$W9R

WN7:&Z)L[O`\)7G9
MK^%Q]?'V9[#N

O






T;
MER=/DE;E'^:[^#()4&P-T5
)8PV0IEE(KFVH\7C#:0#]!NQ23DT9&9
[-I-#
MI

MX(-INJ/(6=FU/0\(=B5IZ4LF+)XQFACCG`R-HVD&&0XN7F:-Y.5W;CKX.&%Q
M&Q
VCO<]J6\5


QLL*-


@$QCKW8;$SN3F(LXQQ%X%X^-FMOU\OA\KA6PMQZV2EA-K


MK1L.][IN3ZC8T&0P+BS\-.#(.N-V%G
;].YBRR&M8G(4:&


VER
%6S!8



S#
M:P
UN9]ST

=

=?F@_1C=*.$C(3$B



NJT6CC-&\9&S@;%P9WYF
M?@[
Z#(]NWW#AMO08:W@+8V9






M+._)&QF)F?@VC-Q=V9N*!A]WPY'+%BY*-FA9A4R1!;:,28+IR`$1!GI(!0

MY$+

W-Q\W7CP\4%'D]UQT

+LWCHRIS&Y*N
RF'QT

Y

[UYX[3`/G
`2
8$)&)`3
I0D%HWDKR


MKKRL1


MW!R:*-XJ_2#GX\QN[LS-Q#AD

9R68HQAG@

)/9N^@UK09.ITRZEUL@]JT#=0Q
M&$A=^



7*IXBQ-YTCZ^`-J%
M%O7;^8W'+N/)OM^PUJQMZK%AXY1C*6.]#;M2P.Q.(3`

'B):^
N93`

M;`+&.

M-1Y?#P0:;-XS*XON55W?!3ER.



MBL




0D!-HXD+\'9V\CH
]+L?9U+#7JM7`02598W*7'P``O
T?GA$W
X#HY
MW*+NPZH-!6-SKQ&490N0[Q2.SF#NWO2=G)M6\'T=T%7N7=%/;X4#M03S^L;

[MXH/N$W1CLO=R./B&6ODL3)''?I6!89(^L'/$;.

VKOHR/%:E.]8K%5ECBA

M


[NY:MRLS:N_!D$6ON7J7:-2QC;E
LB)E

M/.P-K/!IU.3D

AVY]YN7]_P0_.%!P[G8Z]?^ZT=6Q
U;/5+5HZPDY10
M1A*QR.X^#

ME86=^&I?RH/

2)@@(8!B()-.9QT
M`=''1!?6=NWSSMW




;M_=
NW(:6:QMVPTNU

M



M&I-Y/+XH-OW3H7
A1VZ-2M9L-!G:%NSZ
!O)'7@-RDD\WSAY6_TH
AD=K;B9

UBG8`[0P.3M
\(01L
0GH_
Y
/!T'7)8G/7WST




-FL7D\AZ)A[LNU0SQ36
;





M+(W4KL1N!#(WO@;E?PT0:BAM'-T\]G



MIMM;:@NRU\ACJ5@


M]WHX9


M%+(XC)P=

?6BPU@;MS!;

99%J[

]&P-26[$59Z]HH2&)N
M8N!$TCMYT;N/EU]T*'`PY'%Y4]P5

MN3'(SZ&SMYQ:(-MB\]%D

`3-(#&
D)





6UY^''W?




2%V+Q9_'5D$Q

LL-60!9XQ.&$IR:1W=G;4(RTX.@D9?)P8O%V\E8$S
MKTH3L3-&S$?3B%R-Q9W;706\$$/#;E@RS53AIVH8+M9KE6Q

M2=I&?E+1_P#P06Z`[Z

1&;EA(A-N7
MFTU\Q^'


Y$;\K23
M&YR&[F[\3

M5V:W!CL.-9K1$5B]

+
[N[
@8W.0WKMNB]:Q



M?W1_FN@HNV?\.=K_`+IH_LX(-(@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(

E6

MR:#^4D`

9=SA6;]._#)6&&$L;-%(/H\0Q]*$INGS

M'=W#/Y#'[F;9KXR'$95[]7'Y%L5/TK

M%[9PV1/.W






.0KG+UGB%N'5`7#G

[C[-@ZH2/)%!$;E)*[@SN#S^*)NG9\4^1

!E[=W`4LSC.O1JYFT

MD
Y\;DI<;)6NU_1*3R!
`2B'-!I%*9N(\O
3MIX(*[


3:V_C;QUX7YPP


MT]!G+JB
)L
IB!D!D/+YPL3
Q.^D

1
`

N?46TXLS^X@D(
Z


M%3E=S8[%Y7%8NR
KV\S))#1:
'
2.*-Y38B;@.D8N7%!USN

M9-GB@D?E)Y(OTC%&[.Q






MXO$9VID*%[&07(
4?%!!#U9/?V]6MV\D=*[F


)15[00X^&$W\\&Z

;S/$W


M^[?1UY-[W,C2QV0ITK6!QT9R7Z]F%_28)[/6C)YQ;646D'G_I/QX^*5M![
M&UL]NJAEZUEVRV7ERV
OPP33Q3PV8HQ:+GB$^22$HG#E/3AH[:L@J]WU=RV;




M$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!!PO_X&Q_='^:ZB[9_PYVO^Z:/[.#2(`@(`@(`
M@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(
AVY]YN7]_Y#\X4%QN/=.(

M2:1GTAB

[+GF@=\K-$

T8^0(R)XP


V8G;@[/QT0=8]G8&.S0M-%*5G
M&2235)I+$\DC22QO$92&9D4CO&_+Y[OHW@@ND!!'Z)Y6ET9F*&
)7G*
FA


*O+$.ILY`):G&S^=RZ\OET0:(28A8FXL[:L

M$+F
D6NG

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@R';GWFY?W_D/





6I;.=K[MJX\ZN5H1P688WN-:`@FCD%M)B=N;

7
N34

YX
L[963

M2MN.Y&%$AO3O+3/'B8.
P#-

M5I\C#
P54K'+Z


M-X2U(;


PN4;N_GLVHZH
WF[L5#N]C+UD)FI1X*[!)9C@FEC&62W6
`(HP-F(AC


62(YFD:




8H
MPBC.4R




_'S2;0F\CH(^1H;4VN
M4F[+IS5PQU




MIS/(

MQ_='^:ZB[9_PYVO^Z:/[.#2(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`
M@(`@(`@(`@(
AVY]YN7]_Y#\X4%KO;3[G9WAJ3X^T`LS.Y.Y0DSS-Q=W
M?1F9!C_3QH]MMDC+Z5$,P8VK9*!I`$':J[.-OIB4PQ\X\KB.CN?*+NS.ZAV




Y!H:V-:2.1X

M[%DY.7^L+D








F3F_)
MREQX^YJ@SVW
[/2R`Y?TB])MIL%%/F0L!8GEBR;2B+

!\@OH



Q$
M^[QN=5I[&XK4E2N

I'.

M#/RCZ611O))

MQ)XH;QZE)(8

M@;']T?YKH*+MG_#G:_[IH_LX(-(@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


@Z8_
4

P#JC[X0

+
MN)
Q-P?P=!
01[^0K48.O8Y^1R&
1CC.4W(WY19@C8B?B_N(*+\1-JO
M2^E07*N.L1O7G'IV;O&,W(&%G)G9WX\-6UTU9!I4!!03[*Q$N6L9)IKD17

MY
W
5
MR&*@,BNXQH7N1N)PM8%SCT)VT+5A?P0
1G
=EX;
M$R
*EF:G.Y0.,U8WC
ME'0F9^!-X^5!AWKMZ=J\D
TDE:Y+T*=P(9BKS2/KH


MFD?CIYL8

GT9F;B[N[H.

MFB)I.;1@D=N4G;D\YF?AJVOBR#N@@Y3-XW&%7CM2.T]PWCJ5HQ*2:4Q%R)HX
MP8B?E%M2?31FXN@^XO

[U2/FJRO!9CDC.(XY6`3Y2&1A?WIB^OAQ034%


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(
AVY]YN7]_Y#\X4$'N]ALGEZ.WJ

?7D;AH6O@^J!M]MYA]U9[L5VW,-&C!EZEN*U%+#(,<C268YV
M?IR/Q_3PRCS%HSB^NC.%3@\9N;83$PM1S#UI<!C(\E7C]*?IVHKT82:QLQ$



M#.W-MPU-NX7;^


M&9XY#MG

M0MC)*TA0Z@3O&T/7:/D+3@_@@NIX;V%[HW





+!DYZ8R


MK9[&6YQK0R3&



^CMH[:^ZR#Z@(`@(`@(`@X7_\
M#8_NC_-=!1=L_P'.U_W31_9P0:1`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!


M6UTUXOX
@(



MT*\5N.'&0Q07`DCL1#S-'R3
[2B(:\H
;$_-R

@9F?0N4R('=GX
M


M3\HMX`'










!D#%^C(QT-AYAX
M^#\='X()*`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@X7_\``V/[H_S7047;/^'.U_W3
M1_9P0:1`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!!D.W/


\T49%9
MC)C%M2-W\WD=FXD+\1\J#GZNPU$)LQA\36FO6N4NM5&.2?JDWG/
S-JSZ\





WLG/VLE

^
Z@

MA?\`FR%QUX.%-9[1[@#!W
=''!;G?;=;$U+
ALW+:AMRS\HN3.0QQ!((@7CY
MO@@\TCI3[VL=2M%:KU
Q?LP`-RN=F&:Q#Z+-)-5D$9^F.A%IX
WG

O](:R_L/-3[A


8O
M9$3_`)O+&VC^#
'78&U-SX[.T;N6H5J84L!!A93KS-+U9JT[EU1;D!^0Q=R;
MFXL[Z.@L


9EJN6$])*GH+0-+(NW-__C%TN7A^D+FTXZAJ
MX\QG6R=I8Q(A#;*VUBQ'8:3H!`7_#FX]



MY$''';KVEE
AZ'0R%:U=D4NG&3$1!!)TI69_P=TS\TF\BKWKNW);7HR68
M*$%EI)(JF(HM(0V+MR?7DAC$0
=&EL6#=N8;T:J5.&[/'$Q2\G7$2$!


M:1`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!!D.W/O-R_O

S:(
AD^U6[K6+NX


P0[@L

59I!B:;)M#
MRN#N/

#
VCA





=BK7

Q

S$WZ42Y




M&-LK(
HR5R!G?FC*


M31D47*XLSOH_CP0=\3M_
8_+9'+1O6:QG+T
^3@YI.O!4&NS0ERAS2N48N
MY$+-IPTX
@]2U-Q9S8M^ADXZ]7

FKL\9/H[:NSL@WN/]9=$_6'1Z_5EZ?H
M_-R='G?HZ\_'GZ?+S^3FUTX()*`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#A?_P-C^Z/





UBL\L$T(2QUIF

P
M9^.NI?\`IXA]/?CONS;N)@N4IJ61H7;F2F'B414QA=N4FDY0$NN^O
S^'B@G
M3=RMH05IK-BU)#%##!;;G@FYI*UJ1HH9XQ87(XRD)FU;P\NFK(.\._-NS1D\


M^
^\7B[)XK.3N^6IUVM

$
M=P(I8SB*2M
[M'/&QLW

M^)XJL9


.-IV
M1MW


+F4M


$4;^E6`DAC_`$A.
8B'N/X
M@_19NWWI&3BRLMUO3GR\&8M$


[#'
9/%6[EMGKT
==QEBL
;L\P9.
M..4F/G_1Z-VG!_%!56^U$EW%15+F6ZENI0@Q5.XT'*[5H+
-ERD#G\^21ZT
R=0BH!2&/DCL5YW8Q#B8$WN



0R!$Q7.Q7BY

+DL&4SU]'=LG*

^0I
M226IKDV)8W@JM.=5L6$CC.
?6BD/F




3ZN):^];@@W^.J
M9N4PV;8V('Z;58QBZ;Q$0B;$7
7/S&Q'Y--=/)J@FH`@(`@(`@(`@(

 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
 <p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 95%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204
255
 <p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_SaleLeasebackTransactionDeferredLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDeferredCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_LandUseRightsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_LandUseRightsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_NotesReceivableMaturityPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_AllowanceForCreditLossesPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_PercentageOfAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_ProductAndServiceLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_InputValueAddedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseExcludingAcquiredInProcessCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_AppropriationOfStatutoryReserveAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_PercentageOfIncomeTransferredToRetainedEarningsAppropriatedForLegalReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_RequiredPercentageOfStatutorySurplusReserveFundToRegisteredCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_AppropriationOfStatutoryReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAppropriated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherReconcilingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_EnterpriseIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_ProductAndServiceLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_OutputValueAddedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_ProductAndServiceLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_OutputValueAddedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hogs_LandUseRightsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
 <p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 76%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204
255
 <tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204
255
 <p style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

begin 644 0001144204-13-015574-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(``Q<D++J

#$R
3(S
2YX




M=



&A
/WY(A
M$M([YA3?M9CCA2YO(/%M3


MEA90)K[EEH0!C2#]+L)1:H6K




MQ_BJ2&2&M]LXO'6





/^U+R04)WA#K#
MUK1*

M(
$



M$57S$ROBE

=#


JDU
C!/QX0H68
_*=

MEZ%.F[AXDOHY!^2/)[RK8EG+ILQWT%ULY6KB#1DS:!O.51BZ#C0E9TJ@2D3)
V%X#D)<
MJ\Z)]@/C6=M-2^;$)V1T!JQZ`]:KB+QHVZJ:(GB5_B3$DXC<AZ(.WEUK9EK



X7)WR*I@#FR\_E3

.BP[;=04@07Z0RB?



65=YLK.*+#

MPU`KDBGW)

M:D[1)JGV:69/


`W\50#NM\2T51AN`DT]<+3)D3F#(3F%Y%8/V^RN\CU2:P
*1!
M2!UQXN1Z*&X10&=W!)&Z`-)3D&LR[1/C=&,]`C*1NSO`NF^FMI4#HW46(]4
MGD,JSY`:%9`:VI9(3P.?13066S7_@T-1I0P=L^U?O[HQB897P]M;+)SDB[4

3WTG7FO
8B4-B_





M'V



ZP7)



:





/T*

ND@A






MV-



MJU)?Z4E=O5+8F$U1

MJ-+DRT10+8K4Y::+O6[AM1_7DB(I5+;AS_?).Y)9B0[C5VR13R*G42@2(B



R&)&C
RP+\X0UR0=P[9

D8C][D3CCS$6
M8DNVB:L62OK1KJKU.IJR+@1
L?
M*;9\


Y5X$&_Z)ZEMR_N\9
H(22P

`W#K-L4O(^-5F2W#X\2G][!

M`_@AO


POL3!-@*.IA5AT$D_%Z57)-'M+A&X]PL'=




MPD4ERE&/P(UBK%:-

*P=

`WN;D]'PF_LXH*W@L_9)R011#AS+SH-D!-

M5R\:0O)$_(30Z19).

MP!-XWE

HG7YCJN^2ZM(6O5EE)97T-V=5S3
MU


MPQ*-WB#)%33;#N@UA




\$3X
B[[1&OVN-1;Z0'\-(G]&











M
09A9'U7B$M[J13YR!NJ`'SP-@_%(V1_5@$W(0]`B/0-N:F=-&XJ16V:T*T`
&&A-9C!BI=A/!`?`_7S@UR?-_;!?CCT]6+E

+^PF)`0

G.
@Q
1L&I05!O]FGW-U#=+@&2S(D7@Q#=WRR2.;
MR`7#RW*K00S3\[@X!`J+*^@^@[U%R#G.2$L6;UEFG4AE86OT8:'P'UG7JC3-

C-:L8H(6#L+34U.?+3X!-9*K3\=*GL
I?[#Z5'!Y

'













UI!9)LB%;=@6GNN!UB[V:R.0&=AVP7ZU'L?)9QA;5U(V1K!KM6+DZ


MRUQ!9Q62WM`9

MDGEC=\%-@@=L\(K\+M'J$/I3\[F6+;G/_3SM1W14_Q[F6Q@O31`*Q59,PJ4
MZ@7P5T+;(3TMS=1@NZ;]L+151KIEJ3;^5VLIOY4#:VBM:*:N*M(/2VJU!:E+
MXGSXI+[&`WD\^@_)C/B1^\2K&6+A$]BJ7$^QCUV)HDW&#'UTJ6FR:AO5E&H
MWUX(

IBT?/^+-(0H
2`LU+'2R

D1XT.XQ\
M1PUA*0*N/\8KY
FH\Q_0G#F&%/#$QI549-,4;,,$7^W9564+9TUZ8O+$V4
Z@H



MO-5

M


N/['3)4#$';BUGRZ`-@.G.LE@LR]!
M?8^8[NKN6]841=&[\Q26MNOI+8GBT!W'9/*5Q.Q!W*8$/CTNP0S)
W_RIS_.
M?77UE!VEXK=QUQ#UQR0#%7?PH$ZP/P5T'9(1-LP1O]@2F;%T)Y&YD]__JO









2G_,CG9]95SM=7`I-J0=E8L



M98LE2.Z!F!W7H/5.^T!
[[@(K??:*^`TMX?3[+@*K7?;!['O9L=E:+W?7K&F
M]\!VL^
ZM-YQ'V(=

M0M17_2
508$U/4LZQ`CVTJD%S2'3'(!VE4
&P--&7DHMF9/\$?V'?PR?$P

-*;HG9[LM0#

L*2[
W



]=2+J9%E:&)VE@4SZJ:LL4;-)C@:J<,P4DMN9F]^NCXWX2O`:;0


X4L8DBSPF_C9'?/4V.R-].D)H683


M!'[YG81C-R(W


V4
2T
MS
T$R8$W$
9J8XQ+%JH#QH:IY\N%[0ECLS'&I2O5]AC+DJX?`LH#K^!;BG(P
MG[OL0`XW(0&M0T/\



M#)\J.^D





MX)D\D5#D3R_I2O4Q\#VF9]P2Z-+/^
.$'UQKGF@4(O^#H3'A&&!A2W@KT@J+
W_``(-=[WL.GHG1I3

7*T+E;32
H0%

MR$1]%`=OK!./+U-SY[L[3^8@93&\&D.1EA?ETX1.QR4C$MX!L&Y$8YG(Y'T9


M.&R+#[L;
A4NOX
@`,^8/#L^]H
M4?L;BA\Y6/R`E8=B]M_KS*X/'C3(

$:;HL;3]U


^@ZB`
TT$H6DNYXQ+`GSI+4441N`'7


]$#'94
M

^6F;=Y$.9

]OZC\=)V


MT!U=B19L?P5K#[S3G4ZILP4*[








M!S6=:WAUM*A'B[I+BYJG&;NWH9K


H:%/
)/_
P+HMQ5



&SW]..T:OST?@]
M%EB0I8$@(K!NP!@T?M/BO5K.)%?VE\9+1%:+8.Y&'G%H0DTQ.B&]:V0@9'3G


E\P8H#



9+%II)@P_(=0IG^LQ%V1J5@=:X<=XYWAM$X=!]P(7@(






'C'Z_RP6^29(OTC5-8V-.7GE]_
MOK[]17CPG/$W.J8^23-R/'**07[D`0:48^#.OWP4/F7V#1F`J\IY
!*%S_%D
M)+P[P2?XYR?O









M2WAAS%^*X9)R:U]%




Z=3$JLJV)%JV
M/(A5+7A(J8EEY

]:Z

M
:


+,<J;+`LF:*D2MW?OCV?AM63I9E;-(.1DU:L^%5Z4A&

M3DK;F.P

UJJ1
MP6K?A


K5DZM$BOVW0ZD4)-4TY`MI08A!DLOR`PL

MZ2N/-S&1LJYIBJKO1^&4D2RIZDBS=;


M10FJ(7_XYY?/=^
9F3NG6







MX[NLJO%Y
%D6@%

F-$
=:WA$N7+)4UIJD+;
IJ4_)H4]
M;UIN=3F]2Z?/^O6.TSQY6F#8$::)!_MX0JL0/!(?.Y2?+I(0:Y17;O2+%8&Q



&43-&8L

MY]$%#-UQB_*V`\O`
3NCE^R
S4O#RJHS0


7]VW.\H8&^-T9:_<`QN#/T=U(N,!J5F'T?O^,
MJZK`A7OP7DIP=?&@-A<7:.H<5=:86#U'S5R%A\;#%/)(96K32]'$@.U_-].
MC!/P7)Y#9_';?M)`:LO!#8DWM45(@;F53640S&GCAT**P0!]G.4'@M%)$'






Q0IP.MG&U:
M!AKP%-(?[$!+E41=-T&4*]J1'L^S-I)/`7-H&:*A;;7=?:W7;*A'#2_9:IW)



M`A91PVP13?4#7:4;('.*))K*D3Q5D^D6.IRB;0P:B'&
-#A&&OPHN!QPU$1A


9]E5/
OYV=T?PJ?/U_^@L![#68[A+`=Z.WX
9SD@9AS#
M68[A+


PQ1U0W1
%I$SJP+]WCU;#C@FZ;-
M*I-?V;+6[XW6L^-]P0]_RZ*IHJ+HHMZF%-61?


2U_^V3&NZ


M)P*GC_A(IX43PG-)A.Y?#&

F$.8EGP03K;G.0!,!<&EON;5]YD8[)?A:/O^OT]-+?_(I=!X1RM/33/HF




!5




0]%$EW6M9YI43/FZ:`*BVS-)
M5F=\9131=*MODJQ.^=IHTK?BK
EH0GKOMYE](&L688BFY92\.;70=8C@KNR%#+0PS)MPU!WC*Q
M&4&I@*T1-!H@:EZC9HNJ3M&#^P9K:DV--
C8L?[66C5)K;R:JK2BJ3N1
MUZ;HUF^?6J*KV+*Y#W2-QNC6G%+=U%,?:!+9-EHP]9+D]2:YJ4_4ER$V0W
M2O+A(VLT1G:C'+==C6HKR&R&-CGQY_(!%OPW#O?+UG'G8_$)U
W9AC7/[-+




M%!&Z(`_Q%;T\QR2K3XX;_MWQ$D*Q6?


M#=(M+N#Q#0G=8'+I3RIP7/







17DR7^=Q=_4VIZF\3?E2?ZB2)I\


YOUUXJ*]@*/5/C&D%A<\07D#
MJMES2YSK#IH;(RNOV%/017KMW@3+#*H=H%MWKMP876T%706\._T`T6UP3MA%
M9]4*G3T\Y!L<@W51Y]5%Y\1WYKSU7




M8


J&+IN]T0`ECW5B`UC[[9*-!:/#*THT&H<$K2SA*$0-<SJ*(
MQ%'Z`4.Q@/R:9P9.0#HU




S?W+YWXF[F*^5^+6/#ZW:LJPI

M@+4CS(=
5[PC/LDV*]?!
E#/$V\
M


M\#UL^L\N)X;NZ1F*USYT


ME9S0S1`.CO[.BE:#)V*7;-4!H+^[DM:V9A;8L_J+C%K5SP.JOAF:&_(MU5



OS&$MYNC;P/P
+^POAGW_<



MF`_Q9

!.'TR`8;!PB^<Q2(,GLA$I'\!
M.SZ1AY^23'IF\QM7L0GIU
X8*`F]
H$G\-*#2`9].]@N@Z;
QS#(;UE(R84

M


V
M(CO3&NY]:*VTQ@4O1U$$

F*]@!:`)




2+A(PE3B%V$P)A&U`A@<QK#7Z8V%\'B

B!8N&NDE_NR9+T\Z__V?O

M'(`+/

CQU[9G$_HHT9_+0=
MI'@=_*$TK$5BBT>1?BB$L%=OM.+!UA?XIHB43Y+(LIH(IG%H-:Y^I&.B

M.M[;P=^]F0^G'YL5V
##M/7&]$CLBVI/[
M*QZB2!:!*D6KK4(N+SP=VZN!6

)SZ%P:!=:AN@-
MR[E$4ZN34<7\0W1,/UGA?5*6Y(5Q0,D60;&[=U
]II[ZZMK8R]2D2G@'GWB



&6\/LP@G0?ZT-F75QT[Z\6(8-HL4AB^QKC(YGP23H9M%.?DG\

0G=6
M)8(L1D2)V04.NS^C

G?*@I#UR;\J686O#;T:81MTS`N:_



RI*NO+']7^TKE4Y2;W;_?SV\=&L_
MC_W)W5D$?A35&HO`CGC1CLY]M5^%R?/4?P6\=&#+_^CY

M


$60R4Z2I1S)Y

M2TZ

%




MC`T?DSX%=Y8?;^!@D2



.1]C)'==;V[1SI[7*DZCN6\%3K*%-K6K?6MQ1'0E]J64:JOF.]3K4N


(496(WQUR1QJDJ^#





5`KX\*V98TU#6B9]Z6$=)ALKW\3<8$R(

UBX6
3(A%6$LNU28)/@F





M32Q8MKP*
6*;F[AD0




--%
M--I*N5.

M]K]UKXQ@/G)-_-_XG\A^-IPU?
IU.&3Q)W4H#'5]'9IR=!X8DI:FU`8D.IBZ
M`WGCJ-%)3%J:/@6E701%'@P;P62Q=+R593U8_K
]M=*J;=FZ;K#[T3I^HV^&

MCU(4+7]\;8N/5R.


M]6L9AX^&[6

MRX0H6\J$?!Q=WW/_'MU\'7.?QZ.'K_?CS^

)$X


M'OCVY--H=

QT1G/&Q(O;(]%2F/0YZ[#M/*7;\%:0]XK3@7



D^%MS!66+8K



M3OVLS4I$^+_R\)=@`\(]/Y#(R%AXD4MR)^W`'C#$5D$&[2KXT[Y+8Y488R6$
M0B3!T2JP1@#'/^P+.D$$JM03CP-TT-


MJVPNL$E^E);6(:/UTFPX*`OW`BYA]^OX9CH\O&1M^0OR!7/=.YX3]AEDER



+(O:8Z)D)Y%/@T-LD+#=L@`Y0(*]MV=NT6
M:UN1[8*RWMC/EGD-&N


MYH$\&)1CFU#4$I
M2E84I*$XD-5!\TQ^#:Q9Y-S8

M:1^/;'4\WRP\!TG/6Q*&B
7\X]]X'QZ

!9QGY2R^(
&0$SQTIB\-+'9Z@S4)PV+(&3!`+20OMTB@-B;O)+H7TT\%^


M



(/&`%Y6OW(38*5K?^YJMURRJ$I&3?

DIUYV(S*%DN%OJ!36MD







?=4ZH768K%E.(J%U&R)LE(Q27FWQZ%F-AV).%C;XO43Q4AH-&*XW]_0L

M145KA.)!]4U$D-G

M)W?%E!5;*AS


`C



M-FL

=IP1[55<R/AI42W2':\K!<L][6)CI?9VJ:U




??M]-=CG-[-KZ%JJ=-#N'




M\[.L0LQ67O8?+TXE/KLVW;CG7`&$4UW4=4
TI)I5PTHR7V2@KU-JFBC)(#FE

M3M`NA$&0]#RR2UJXK*&?1840H/Y!T)5:S/GTTPKTE^A@UA/H3ZYD9NZ`W+

PN#1C?#^Q^;'`=%*A8(75?$[5@D^F)WL

M+N:M77OJNF@8AJA:!U=)=A.F-=%4+=%6&RT+#I]IQ9!$R=H)T_N8=BJ
D3YV
M10:8&JXU#J\U]6B/+!S\;$

M_)`8+T\.Z7C[RT5M5Y!.L+%LM[$O:I*9I&@P52RU!+ABW*TBN`+9TJAJCK
M38%+_``#RR%)-1I/BT@M9NU5(4(:1*6+@2!MVL4_2NVM2HW'I+D*[&B5U=)K

MTENS93#%$BVH39K6J635=TE



M*+8^=#2.*NNBJC6Z%]
U\[!W=?$$F$/B[-$9KC:!/95'6
M%%&Q&X1/+0

M'\=!Q[.R)$JP\-.;Y8T[0DS2KD%RNBIJS:Y0[6Y9L)UX[CZ('4\H3-6M\5B6
M:.


2SA-0G%MYW9,
M?*%'Z,:)RYON'5$;*E.;]PW=E#7JH=_1;]F57^-3O!R'B



V$\0D!%'C._&)&=K`+X#J^D$LC`EAWYZ

66MY_X-JH+/8-[Y
M^`1^`AT:!5[:#RHF'?

M$R)L?#7_@F[%1`\BVFKJ5331
&11U?0-G`I2LXE/T4LNQ4?M++1$Y[*V0P%.

MD_=BI7Q0['^.`G\X@=&[]OM=5).@Y[E#:J'0ZY
;CZB3+=PL@8$;N#@V_@&
MR7$'G2)L\FJX


N0%M3:C![\X

GIC


M[0@$J$C=!AE4V#Y^A4[MC7RYVQ0WWR;R96L+TF_'/$.?
M6@G#L2=A&]VFU_3:HRA*USA8VJ7&%LK/AZ\.3_J&1T7[7U1P0=8T&K'%D)J:
MT..5B6LK=RB/XMI
3Z)&K#6;I6(*]I'/_[?9#

M$38;N(_Y

MUUQ+$MTZ[D!P!Q]/9C[KVJJD=:7\?]SJ]6/H[SMY^'B.M;![?F.)..?.&_

E]^;V%%V7^9




+J2?!@46D,80;5*6`<UJW3*3?%%Z<@8P+D/!\KLQ0X8@0SWKND;XS
M+L)J9\#7E+D10F8QW@+O/R[@::<^$CA3='0@B$$KWL&`][&WI4J1;8CU$'<M
MD)Q*ND-&O5`(BQ+H&P0'?I*Z971HP]#M)Q[,.:#Z\!5NI$7*7-3U3MJHV`8





MM&&^-':Y]@=)%





M)


K!$D12MB*9



1W6U;P/-
*Z[J;1EZK4G/T+8SAGDI





TQ95O0EEK
[/ODM\65;






M\[LT+DK$W(FF!/_-F-=ZI






M0BEA9\!!2(F=T&[0$G='\&$*0!R:X*XJ]YP8NHC=MV?S54$*V_1R%242_C]
MU8??/M_=_G[SRV7D(/S9PQLBR#Q1%![^?5&?2N*Y*(RQ;



7P#


H%LZ=




M'(\]EC
\=\\'SXRUKGS:]A<UOMB`3`?%<
MN$+TBB?.BB[YH0Q8_D

+L


M9(62#O_&CAD$]M3&9U@0^CE4/'&H:]-T['%0AC&99=/HVXP?C+(*N+8PW72F



M^V:Z;-K*S7@Y3



3MU2=S3+=Q8QB[J\DD6A2^WZ#/
`[;56(+7
40X/]QO;[%&KFLD3K?K^2@



E6D




+2$B/)6#N_?/Q$PTLQ





3E7FKK?^MQ7V004?UPZSCO@%\F)E17A(OAS%1EZ6`



M8/
H/_7YY_SW0U*T&BB`;3M^[M$RM[8GJ_F[5_A


MM:R%CK+.UZNA6E

M







=C$T'&VPKJ])&






`P4QT#D'/I$43(YF*XY

UI=7SP9?G
MW%D@]-7RQW



4JWM]C2`'D1!Y#6#


MAI2[ME?SBOT9;AGZ06BZ%*4#XI7QO*QY^LK?\WUOS85++'GW




[BC38B



2[1]-5TM.)/A+.IGLVW;/I/FNZOX:N%2'[G2UW
MYY8KZ!TLEUKIP1MN)FA/#!D+QBHG#6W16:4[!6M.U`?$*W2Q:)1NY8W9EG:=
MV803\JNQ=8SLLU:6N!S_+VOSW.FG-:JL]'V;K29M
I[MUHMLVTHIK8-7[[9


*


V3;O#K!`1U%4J
MIPH-.-+S\)OT?



P@.579^W:#(F4B



4'!2







U$6


MQ_:=+1UK
@-*Z3







BB9M^?`J3]HRJ*4E>/F3M@)X52=MS];WF9M
M!
MMV4TF-C&VG_1Q*T`5]6)6P:;2*VT5\'


(_OI.0NER
M`L+/053

M

WB=S?OG+^&SR]W@Z.3\3




?W


.=V=




M4+H*4C9=!\U`.R8
.C:TZ!(RN@1VE9`74IG8F;)M!`**Y#M/MMJ!0S5\\SNQ


^O65=+SN[6K8E<K.AIA]W,W/
M6T-/H1V!&SXOS@H&AL
PX_L.MPZ`YNN
(ED$N0G$01]+-H_




5;01K*80)8
M^`:F_G!6G`:-=M-P]\[$1(+/2W

M0=(9L1MDI0V/G[$#:DQ1&TOBNKV/
A

MP

=WVR!CC;\
M+%CAUUU-K@Z0C$PWULH8BE0\VL%.Z.BS*QP_3#[($\&6ITW897'\BQIJ.
M:_T#PT34M&#`YL87;?O-4ZT^]Z9RS7O@B+M@BCL@]N%A$C5R5Y:\?*/I5W

M2
%`=*9M*')?5(I@[!P/JCM^




MVNK@*4\]/VGM49.SP_/+BW




:
=V[.S

M7QMC_[:VO464LP_AX`7J





M


F#?TFN/_7@\+D!V/E`1/#7



U%PM0-TO47;BYJ

M`SH





MC2IRTVE%??:=[?/6[N0V/-ZW[9_6/_*W[4CN[P.


M:IJYWX]G
V=MPV2-SN)L^NN


M;DS/JF0$73VA1=




HLP=ZAJ0.AO9&F1.\+OANL+L<C4<BKF
D(]]9R



M3]B
)Z;E_FXNU^1H.U:%P`IOXTV`12P/D6[0?PQ*%TC7M9TSB+S&S*VKB0E$
M[6I0



F2Q.H;$


M8516H
27O!`DC5)3GVFJQN)&W%#R`%
M*[A1)*V%%.A8%QM%TE:0`98UK#:*I+6P`TV3FK6NM@(1L$39JU$DK84F&(JD


MDPUUK_9+ERM:\:'8#.DYFJ\DO%3S58(GJRJ2




&H71C

LK67HE2L








1)5WE%8$_.N+.2O+(*M8%K#8`F#TG$_\6




MN;:
]]7T/LFXJ^4;UC`-)K72F(Q=9T;K


MZ'G;^6XR.^1&=WDC9%Z':_G[.@N0%\79%RZ-U1E!PUR80$L[#/@T87O8!+`
M^[3I%^*0J14D'2XUVI_BIM$N-TYMVF7&YT5FQ%E)?UA5)W.&@RA$XT&1RRC


-&
MIN$1#I:#J/]H'W?\T*







MQA2F^QRKC2E
]_E'FU.8SG-S2HK
'[I!'2-QY86L*W(ENO
_?*\MW[1=/_3(
M


$U&:DW??T+_OGEZOKNZO%\]-QEXMW)
MZMT_[ZZ??V-QRWG!Q\$DYY7M\.-5)S3PF'4CCZJ]'E/+WGE\&C\S7]QZ/'^








ML-B;6`8!\0(G2157[4IC'@N


FP`F:
M?OJ:(G'TJLB-`?E.
M0[FFSRDYX:9KA@MYD)A


M
IH8+^XK304#4E@PP7`[G!8A@2F&_8Y
*FN?E?Z!PT9AZ)TNP;`3)=OUG_


M]KW`2:K


1[/



*
BN1%E63A)QU.1W^DG2IN
M1?A(5%:D2D#YV@?5&U)Q);_6^4_
&GX6.!5XKO,:JW1`B?`2
MRU5&/O`6WIHA88)5=([!FT28I+O9:QR+:!TA2^5'(Q8RT/30%)-.`(W:[_
MS4L&L.JSL1.N_3(<EU?G'D]%R28N[!$OL.O
)IG^70#B


3(MIS7L6]^)7Z@T+)9$_BYARO^$O6


4X1C`@6):IJHT_]+
MZ8VC-'E6H9P+.VLG;58CDBZDN9+`*R).K\XJ5E2M-V)/;2T'RSW3VVD(/D-T

E1G+


M9L[/GQ(W%`Z[\9`7\TK^\4MQ\''Q?U^MW?4RYOE3-PWNJ3NN:/QQ+%[PIN



NE;9GLN%ITEH^_


M$;4J!K`V!%@=9XFI[V@X*]8)&*H#5#;R#7G4AZ0B0Q[U$\YS














M3V?7P#W'PD5LLX8Q9]&5NUBX#OI*?4:#3V3`
F`9L'1[&JNV;'TQ?
OL#;_Y
MD7`&1@I^)#;Y47D\69Q![ER019/'WV.=^T:XN8^1/IR6KBT[#

;N=31\RUKN.71SO@#J_L<
MCP#)@&;#TU9ZX1U#)






&CI?'.
MKK7!)$-+SYV$)G3GNS;K)MB


MA)97


M#_75!&G


3[]4RUTI&)J
4$IAT7DCHI*
S)BKC

^7V759LEU59TW4U

\'F=CP!G/C9T-[D^YF[9U:4M]


*&DDVD
MZS9A^FL8PB`TD#G#CJ[K
XALB_\1HIGI8%BZ@
ZA8*9#Z66#E2EMG?\S'-%X


6)8P]C`NKU-8<G$.J=R*#EE.LB&


M[*L_L2

L#





MX

TX'+S1


M3ZVAFENFW*`JWS)?F;;?9HWYM_]F3Y#ML+'`M(?G3YU=5
F?DETT=?[4V5C5

J=]K`\@M`P
MZ[ETYC9WV$]




ZA!3*68BQ)B6

KDU
I9B)$*.C/H@AM8FI
M%#

4DH

N#SL?VNHUH!?V*HIRFA7U1UW3]@Z3



M)RT2N#9YAU+6U65CRRE33M$B_QX9+Y18O(&47:?L.FGMNNX:94EPC)V00E2T
MR$F+7-Y-WK'T!^7T\[J$KS1TGZCFKY-




+$+FU
B#QJQ@2^%G[RC=YYI)WNO'C?QP2TS0`*%^4
M7]$B)RW#Y`3
V
W;.#LWB9*AT@ZI1?3)MGU#4`(`8;=[`9+;1+D(MH$%O-^
M'4


MC@I:)&5-@$5*:XIK@W%-5D`;'6\I=+Q^D34I$251F;0&?203$@V`8$M8)\




97.[

MQ

*M=]`JD
M%&JH44!K2S=]``WBX!0#6H8.

DQ61]=
LI4:
MDQ/-)!D&

JT\6X4V3;I_/+-?


296S;:C.5-%=+(+/B
M/
/

%W!.$T56B
M]](N2(+8O=*7%'*O0++D0.[=?KWZ=G%_??OE+I$Q!=U3T#U)D4`*NB?18BCH


MP*ZZC8R70*^P$0JDFFT3'N@CT'(04;)3['[XXA*'9EL6[!#E%A"(F3*75$
MF,PA'5A(L2=O,&QS@Q,XI-=6:H2E

((7V5UP[




MJ6^G-
F;9S91\FQN%CT'Z?+)]?\4
EF;?:8OJ$#E7+:2Q'GSV@;W:`V0)WWQ

M:BB$L+B[_M








MS(!(0RV\M(+F\F+-K+UG4`10H+RJI[
=N(EB.0\1Y5]ZK*-%.G930/]TO@

M?DI2+;%][^A@17FE5O])6P91I
W=
'S3'H/PNQLN3J5H*]2!SAP_[+2%+]1F

`U@=U!T3U3'



S`)`3@


G9U@N-7[&K'+HF.



S


MJ@`R4*W66JZU'O:U\U.T?BN\X`BLI6&@9K4?F]]O446A$0CWY)4
O0S9=.




M(YH27U+511(?&^KIRQ9P+$-8-NG403WG6X=`0?:P!#KON'GUT%&2FZIGLQ



Z7F&`W=)L7%V
M$Y5M_I)S0A;_&W\(POH8KT*CZ1+%NFG*M3(VT3X668U!YY9WB.:S$2PTT=
M0$/T^MF493V'UI%8WT\J52(IS\&QG`RK9:K)??]
0^H^QB=SQ5&29C)]%1U(

-P%81-`IY\CY6AQ(LV=\J*(07KAZA-]#



M)C!
;GO'&8#_S
MW<JKZ<[5N.`



M/\Q4M=LIG]-%#Q*'F?G

O^DBN-LAC%:957
M-HL@?+M




F1_



!219TDG;$C#KLL86T%Q$Z%!B0!PY!%RZ*74





;P/J*D_<GV(U39^@*\P$AZ<17=JMVD:$'62
M:QX=OCZU(1GHHJD-HY'BAF39$I5S+]/V@V35U$2@U))PPRK)0#146S1DHDHE



;-'2(PA5E4)`%'6Z5P=PCA9-Q#





MQ@:RW8ARZ_DMCUJW014)A&JL9/



MFWNAL:Y8XZG!=X)@\C9I)DRS9O#H3X'P/IG*;@9-LPQHI4]G1X26-N$KT3V5

M'@FSLH-EK-3CU7D3^']#+V=QM@29JJI(/2A?J6JFU`/7JJ);$KV8`VM[U_&*
M&`=PY02053M/



M@THU\OO%/$VON&R&RSQ;

QK(O_3`2_%DRI]Q0


M:O3\'
?ZEFH@U=,TB7V!
MHW/S,'+Y-P2KDMG=7/[<4U'RX-IX3(XQA2A45A#E]2YYTE1D42;I8%C./BNO
M9A7CE\=!2UDRB'%B(Z6I%CKD(P*4I
4HJQG`C*:-FF*(60H^L9IX;3TH-!M
M\6+^B)UL##6`4DQM8/N_+FE$)ZG![O_]H86M_7SC3V8'!-X!O00(%+2O9W3M
MZQ)9KW:^]#M/P-;_HT?S*+HRE^(


M%;(L


9EC^CO+

<IV6*Q]\3Q7N^]1_&Z/#MP2<NZLK&$X-QDHU\5!

ZZZ]AH=*)O5HGV;SM);.A3@9Z?1U]

MCX70(U#&'N'N]Z_7]P^?;L?
BI6F1SW=?_/J_]..5&]4JX[Q*L^W3W5J+RPI

MW/K
(:R/'/EJ0;
XBB0!:#7A+A#U7-@%EBT:ALY!EX


M%L&NH2JB`KAURT&7@RX'70+0_1S[I\U;X=T/A]_[H4ZH*1,V<SP)6`GR9A3*
MJZC1)\)FIJR*&K=X6P+?/J1Q<41M#5'/Q)@_$.Q-YK!;CH`O3B`)H50M!`H








MAW
.YQS.:W

6_/[JOTA`KPF_BTQQT[)$P
-\'+HY='/HKJU@
9(7_6.;8<=QG.,X
MQW&.X[68X.LK)#\CW)['KO#)?PZ%#P&$9-7:V<7RC26^20;)P/**^EZ8:WC






RQV9FP?X8K]8KH

M$\&NZ/0O:

6D]]#&+RX$ZPP812X3S%Z`/T%=[%VX@#K;JKIZ-/D+9[O3?SE








17-5/**?9-3(4W9((
M+J%U;.\Z7A'C`$=O(*MVGF*J%


IKZ*?I-[@+0I0*GS%E
KN)W[#3C;
ZX
HPSZM:X
MVO;FPZD@Z
_&F/T-6I84/1MY'OW(69PO]V2\:I)/7B%

'HX@C;N9%I
M-N
6N%N8NX49XQYWW.W\`DSJC&W







MA^+2N+BHB*LF%#L4E]&ZN)Y.#_=$

M-.&

M:+9)NFF;7)RUBK
ALRX1IV'8)ST(_1GZS4JSG2X7N-L2N*`)-DLSIH-+\S!
MB;-1G-7!22]@Q\1Y[X9_W000WN(\1QA&M6Z:!8/U`V,+!R(#)M$5QFH&A=D




@;H0;XM0Z



MC\ON2';TP#%/=K)DT`CU
=/K[RLW
M2-ZPG0$5P9T<I4ZH_/_VWK6Y;21)%_[^1IS_@*/3'=&.HB`X-6[/1&ZV&WU
MV):.)?=

2*V6U+(E&HRGHR*V^5


6L.$O(4UU);P%2?D:;K6


NNM96++1N\=_N5+UM_

MZ[]O][NJ=9KM
B[-[:WUB#:ULL3/Y9M:JD28W-2--K6B%-(5G-J7FUKIIE:9
MB[HD^0:C%7)7*]_5JI):ES&K7NX2T6ZWE0]Z[H*)9

ML3TKG]NZ/UJT++VZN;S_\_:#


M:K8[JOA93.TN-/PPWT^UZJ:V
'H0^IX[PE_O0L_\H61WB#JXIE^8ZWR[AV:[
K_QBO%/8_T1V#SB`I$CXES%
M&RIAYDWXQ8=WBF,;#U@FWH:!PK$1*L!0OEB%<^E!X:&[2N/Y
C)#T'$_#_Z

:P@Z.^1XI!!9(X+1FCF&.8IA?AN+C
M@`!E9@`%%


MY:?AOZZO[C]EK;,^/X%ZX7'Q:OIF;M/-]_N3^\_?/NB


);
$I&(/&!.T];H85SBY4KL!:I[LNM90D-\;XC.;
M6V=%@[T\3SADFEKQ/)\8D&04&6BRL=2:7C3(@^@ALW;\&WN(+@$`AISLUN]



MZ[UR?GEY\_WK_?77WY3;&X#&]8?-S_!Y&NW9\J]P'CD/R:7G!L#

M
`*;'*^W(%



M`IJXF05






MT0)N!A/YEY/OS;NF^`TDBEC8$






35@

M/:!

MSXJ+

:F72$+\'?.C@

BGPD3%CF!4K66/!/F4K?H
MJQ:)#Y7-!6?/3(W$B]/DB962S:Z'T$`.:?10[.&Y;LQ_(-#L:41+5BX
K0


=4SHX(`H/'6`D)9@

T(/E&GO`=0$%IAPGL$$


U



M8_8&:OX-RQ]ZGI6
PNWW)+[MLS#R79R$Y\(`(#ALBT2(H0QA[RQC%HA4QX#[

CP4SJ
M3O

A*0?/L#)
SS+Z%]Y6
ML<,HPS%@!Z`/&V9@@Q[75
3442%DN&GWH\*TR3K%F`#_;Y&Y(N(A\17A_





)VC4<1ZJ5RCY]RR.=^%.;T`

]@=`VO2#D5T.%



MY&F!39@JR5R*KFBJ^O-+00I:2V(8L?_!2)PXW=
+
*E)P0

MT%^;OQ.E3)TH*'I+Y^=8;RAZ5_*65)?):[)X'!F@FTS#/'^EAR1ABRR91'


-D=E:8]$Z]'`G:(=INX7E'V1V*
V+4])`=18CATK-


M4)0:B@

M%I(-!HU6NUT)R2J3M_
8P:TTZB07D&\J3




+-!!:!B`C64*.3IS'&%

#)CDQ2RNY*P$LR!D
!;%+`*Z@L+_U





M:VXN*W:Y:$M?1


M





1:IZIQ!<\/^_L<+@`K*%_27A?XL
M



M8XA+]
H0O=AD4)@BD;*JB7R)A*!/)HY7K7AKZ=WMXP1/T_;B#0
NF6!1[^
M&1JP9U`=*#*:_2NI\E0UX2%7I2F^*B*6#*=RJG3-Q:K8L\F8)2KQ)EUE^;TW



Z[A
E^%IU%T9Z4AC-+


M8^J9;4]L+(X--A)?9;8&6Y
?:$0?S`/.SBC(3B9(JJV1]C)'T*']#%.ETL_9



MLEQ0/S%G2*X=

M^+WQ?.RH!-&6[4W$
OU[C;2B/AW^RA_G]^B@\(*E49\D']?R)FC'F7&Z
R]0


\N4O?%!.05XB`8X19
#&QD($;\A
[215EKE2QM&E&4UG;AA;8S:(1O
M,8,N5AAKU^UX@T+A!FV;_XG`VF&8R$]5NO(5:P!ES#0X4?.EHW*-3?+M!+




MD

MDXM4B#YQ9!OS3G0

@IL^P9'9;K%$XA??0U^%Y=.1!TE
M7TP8I(L]B2;B[4D1.[$/#TGUFH7EX20'ZL]*7%`O;F26.KJSCUAIXF2&@KA[
M11N.&SBW:T%\GH@@J!$7[8-7HUL.([^87I5&8)-8
$_7B@U=/!'XIVD`9G$6



MLD7MYKBA&1:4YNEA5&M@XN5[

M[CBUEDY$5T6Z^$A@SC4-%PT2X&U;3X:GI-Y89+O%Z_UU!558B)/%E@X@4!


Z[Y]V%?/*T

1+@C3.[C
M+(S`2[8'U
W8\


^8J^
M*KR52KF9Z.WYE[<&S4[QVWF^Q[S5L:A*+D#RB&3J9:YE^C4QQN%*T3W[H0T+
M#&;`R<?SNXLU7)^M%C`:SI]-5I*:?QRKY:`I&_P^-T:%@-S[9=DJ4BO%59%




A\=2/;G9L]=[%SQWBB



IZ.2&

!S=\CP'^+]&:U$\\.C83
M##


S
M]6$F@FOQ+)

?^%RZF*)[D&!$&&E@
MF-2;?X?[PIZQWRI_`\RG285TZ,`*T2S3U.5)$]I@B6N?$P_FZN+E4DQ_YGID
MJF1FYQ/GB\[M&Y]8'(CJ5'D

MAVE#)9#?2*[2K(A%8:I.1A*5EU+'53I3G)`?L3FJO@'&1S;@;B6#0428E#


M6?\-I
P+Q%VO]C#2K8`D&^

ML!L;[T


4]G)=_V5L[
B6Q5Q'[=]N1I-X1K@W[



WNUX^U3


S.#3P7BI5;TKR6.BNC'J]S6P;H'GLFQJ::$I0GO#9XU



MX

0-OAUZBH
#!<IZ;GI4$G=($SH1ZOG2!_Y#,86Y7:']C<Q8F8G&;V
M&-45F/X#XR4Y17.Z:(KWUAU1V8CGFU-?E4P1(K6A9*]:Y(L.9:NK^6QD^+Q$

&N3$8C$[4`59&_[+;T^(*CY)035_CJA!












M.]2%=!5;A\I/6KNIJ=D.JF5AN$PN=#
-CXY&

M#1=^?:&]2_CD9?:WN/8RSA4^/\?K!*)10RK8#64(^W=*UPW$Y'-SIWML7/M8
M-G[^U(HA4Z#.='+J3%


M





M+T&/^2I
&=C,B$4\ZXHM<_/N6RU@5Y4;I8$/WLVT1J;QJOEOL5Y483Y<;]#OO';^
M=

M\#KP76/%)'



MCIK`X





IG'#8*]AQ9H!ZX$\L6.8U!
($T1)*
M/





MJ^A3_



M_.3#LM2D)\Y6C9AYW15S/;+
5[WP)63



/SZTL]R[Q)NZ4G7]_@#&+*R-D_TA7

M];IM+)

M#OV(NFM
DX9L&3.:+O\89W]TS_N$)/V?A88L/
M^=$P




MRM9'F:JWFFVU^Q9PAAKEC7_'_$?;W-`6BD=QV5WT8
(VC#Q_=C_VF;3#2V%*


5ZL


3FP
#U)/V5Q]30J\

YBQW8/D7!@^%:_DS<V-X=@<2GIO=C42OBSRTMP/O@3A!HHC^5\D


-#

YVV2AQA-#
N6


IGN?&4'D

6R+I8ZT
KJS[4&5KR)-XU

M-&(*L01#3#Q7IBJ4PE/F?WM`TINGM:H3K3N]_E'2FI9?%:VU4TU-::W%N.[T

#]=

(3TUIL0
M



(-?*F]O5

9`V#@[^$7D=$

M@%C
XNLN9O%U919?/;/X[NSG/4IS@;$RJ*\XB4_-Y0FK(D\845][$:.63Q16
MJTT45G

JEY6I





MW/CXPL*Q9UV[CRP(4Y

0/BM`_\V
M!^W!0`+P30*0MKL



M7M0:ZBXVX



QB:NYFS`PSI;:D\E(;7O6VX?]GN[[8[
P6&VI%-L/+XH&H9V3
*`7/0U3-VWP/K
M8K2\C6$K)[*&)P
)B577IKBME=7R4]&
1J$K&U1.S.+]`?!&*EC?
:J+X-






M`(IOAD/;9
EH1PEFK:]*
+\%
'\QS+'M
G^6'?
?@
MD27R)2P68-&2,J5\?P7#'6&2Y:$T[]HW@J1@D=@HQH8FI<NF&=PQ@X]Q[H<

M`/K30Y.-N2

/QWX_HR/#J!(J:T*E


(/)G=Z%G'DU)\G97DW`HA
.Y9=E8S09+U-M@!5T:
M4SLTG*

$B.YNQHM^71L416F&8TB1P8UJ*^
M.3BDS\;XXD?&5=IC`8F.=JI$21%*;L$^35(.C@H/FMZM*QPL9K__S$:&\X%F
(#1:H/5
MH=6_=?@WPQV]HBZN[=J3:')$NZ[)77__Q7@^JEW/EO&N\Z[+ZM@5H*.EML!N



(+@94A+5QL=!G%EQRWS*ZKVR

K4N+@QWGSQ#.U4E$KJGNHH\H]6=9V@E55*JPWFF
M@Y3JM3OMON29^-I(9+BC
?O-]Z+I(;2@I*VJ$@IM8II.7Q?BL\.A`#]JE!BN



M;

MYIL@'\+@V




%E6R)T70_VW[5K&[Y[MAG_`Y$`#%J


M!&S


MO2`:Y\YPV&=F!.S!


:1]XD)VPCG3S


$D!T#0P;\:A'PVS4J9




_I3G6<@T^]Y73UE&H-D%(MR6AOD]%:@\K@T\$;<RTZYF.#
MOBWA4QH^'PT'R/O9=G^D;]@W=







/3



$%`````@`(#%R0@L6
M3VWI'```:XP!`!4`'`!H;V=S+3(P
3(Q
C


)(!?





63P3)IG(%06YT?!A
MQHX%%W#=8#^_+69I$+


MFZ`#G-'1OX-B[!+'`0:JAN
[0+8/EO
FRIFQKH`ORM86V!M(9O9R2]6]=2R3
M^M+IOSPZ5(0Y103*Y76.-\!&?W(%4_T^`]?#




M





J7

FCC;D?W0+UPX^9B(%PUZ7.&BE(!-)899^

88F_7!'19%?D1@16RD%LTI:`\FRX`LH=I


M17-H#*#LL

/WYG)F?S43'?BT-#
;E_8Z!C3
MQ%D?0-6

M7NT#

ML--E39R]=&\GS&



/W76O(*?29+!=P(94RR




GF+\''IZ1.&;;83A^F_IM\CEGHQ4H+]`=;MCC0E(\5&]P[:O;O
MU-RX.VT.^OV!



_VVNLDJ@W*%RA4%(%!K


]-!CN9GFG]MALMWMM=9J+DZI08:D2!HH:ZJ&H%PSW`/%V
M-IO`R'7T.CUU&4\BS0I5ER]SH
.1'CKT.Y]



59*I5J%(

CE\0VA;/O



MV?=P%6MQZ8P4^I5SBI5K
D]JO5+1.[!'+K#X#M#C#H$(!J5^-IMVY8H5AT*O




M1[TZI1;!0:]*3A@#A



;
/R3'X)'.;HN2Y&*\_U5VZ9FW)LE]*G;]K
V*UP
MD+@
`(7%7SE
EF_!8&?).C;G(CC!1.7Q-!^IR3!W96H^MD6F0Z27@YN8)O+I

MTU[68:;+5_KC:?K\NFS


MCJ
O-/[@2Q


8BABTM:M(9)L+

6T0WH4$7`4.O
^
U;4C




(YNL





M&$FRMXM?O

M0'WLH!A6@2&
-?0'
4EYDTXB3KVNRA6*8MS4QT8N0#$L



M/;-=8&_0RH+!84?]X4!='2;=FT4+0Z17D5_C@JA[ZAZ+WCK=RU9TT
P_'X


MATMKE-Q&K*CQXYR%VAA`8;S2RKPU'?3G\O&2U%$XUL(R;E79!O21@1K;0B96

M!Z
]^@MHL?.K7@!F`/E'\;$4:*3PSID2'-783HJA&5J/+CN;S^7]#BP/3DR*
M(#]!

ML$)6@%-K/*QR`W
J)W6WCUST0B


M!`;J=KKF


M*6[6+PYQ


+SR#+F3J=ZMJH!;FJ
MC:W(0%6S$Q:2VD4^9MK\)
K8QZ?=IITJ^S&+




M/&IW(=NEP=#@/!AZG#S?-[XMIXW%[


M]-6=K%.A))=DV869O*?_(XR&'P*KU6\@#,Y8=YGVF&LVB9%/7K-DR6D?J_

MIB.
HEY%$';)LF


<
=]($'2\-G

M\K'[V6OI/\+/`F




V


6#85;B\5);\CX[
MA=`9A5M`6!O8L*OP,+]O
@8U)?K/!SFY6'4R]TGRIF&U\3\I^=W

M==GB8LX
\1:1[^7JV*\\@6;-0!V!SG%RSK\@V.T95H6E?D3]



)K4_(2^;J5`)#P9:EE
=P6
MT4MONT=XA;8@C6$&$.%A%ZUGI%M!2@.9@G34;;_U=6^(UT1+GY;O@D&9-$L]
MT?XY`
I^0
TQ



MN*1KI/`8
TLNB\.EBP0
L+JE%CFGM`Z2!FMFZ6-AP'11@.%5E]\MY9/.0=+@




@0_MPLM[X6?D^F`_?(H=\EEY?1
K.LX(9=/V6:W=<'_GO77?L
MX5G(&R4A'&^*X9@.0M&ZC&%A%/XM_,0&$)7C)_WW.=4?@F9SATKK*B--;<\E
MGH-LIGFWP&&B'TXA](D00=8+.1(YCP!3R4VACRS@B-(VUT?<T*?_9V2P7@P
MAS@$D5!DV]YLCN$4N@2]PBY=_3

MP/6\(Q
9:2%PE#@P5VRSQ<@+_Q5;-R&1^5`I
MH:,AE7XN5/8!9CK[F64
Z37M7



`RH_R$)E/!LZ038(TD2*@<)42Q@=B@1`8:2HIBU6$G+Q\'

I!1FE3[E,/^W3[G]T]TN/

M'.(Y^C'

MZQ
/O6@XB2002S^B=OP5L:2
-)V^:F/.(?
.CB'&T*8?M@B!/HLB]Q!X00[R
M98\4E&;;!T#U
EU2G6EY(E_;ZER3(AI3


M4#AB.'Z=J3Y\SV;(#U/482(]C(73'5TTN&P!ZV@$R40IZ%9Z-+HR&7Y*H6J[



*TIJ-H







I(

MWWQ(CS?VHK4MYM+QK.@I![Q`Y^

V[2[[`60;9O7.UG

R!A[
QD@?$^(:P]3U0A[5ME_






MLP+]VP-&K'BB`M!XAMT;
)36OQ[U5[KTQY!ZV)3,X++Z13HX1I:NLD67SJ

1:'^\\'$`5Q]20PG?_(X3CO3Q@BQ*E93JY$X:




:7*



O&A%!LT/QSE

N+P^P8]!T4U5UN+H\/


M&AD:G!H!]&WJ!4(+0SPT)3AJCB9=GNT82$/C4N%-S]8T$+-QXJ$IX7'S`S
3






9:XLYI,VL6!/YFP=













6EQW(42-AC'9(5$L1?=
MQ0=VA21./(CA2=@&Y*36V1

F-29`&I?8

M6IJV?%/COL%*+W-*

M\[&9DSQ[9E3E%`CWZC)70N8GQX5EH:\?Q@!U/C9S^:@SOPM(0D+&Y]O/_4#G



/`5_8^

'8-!/'6/W.)K<5\OP$108
0_L)!F-(V`E
V$[P4M'
MTT+GFD@_()NAY#K2O2R?0K[_?#?I^6[2O!O`3OAN4DYY0G2/1ZTI'N!(&$6C


IG]7Z/STW'U\Z-#?
M?@@7G$1M2WK]T?G6#_[B!P[L04#@[^T*


AMJ-


F?7HP'F'@$F`Q8DC(1+71N.&UC25T9G('
0&P


/@87O=IU


MUW
6_IR%/V?ASUGX
M.L-AAMAYVW.)CX/P--9EQ=`3'-Y*?UB\G#_J[3O]Z7=H11A7&\U&6;C00&3(
M[
MOS^A1/K#9N%9%KZ(%E4W0\6J2Y-J0Y:0(2-$J!55`9B%WF4]L-FY4$:S


MSP/36==&[$59I.M:`4L\W09^W_-_A?XC0#;C3UO7=$::#-8)&7D:GLYC[R:`








F&0+@@UUW4XF?L(1U^0SEUO.H%








:`+5SW&VS--L[]LSN^FJJC(4'$XYIZAZ''\


M^5'4



F]1?QE?:2);



^4
7;\LU`/^4@T
M4UCO^#JL68<UZ[F_+`F&8)<7NTL1^_%IIO)[#^0F*`3^8UU:;9:HYZT)KU9

M%52241!#006SLH9V&Y9_B=A!)*\%!9^,D!)/(%'OMA!;N37D%Z1=::TV;V=
M!EVFGTJF
/35B[6&![X8KR#73H





M=X`VNYHS`A


MR^M.):I1KR6M*C]KQI+%EH;:EYQX!Z0PR=FA((?NEKP5YL]2LH18Z'RIB`]E
MUO4/ZOH'=?T#H*I7US^HZQ^44?^@?C\']N%#_408\KN'NG`(\&3HOUZI`Z!!
S+K!<2^JZ9)[Q5=RI6O'XKO9Z\;K%QL^9?\/1YPU+#(2N.
M_X)Q]5T!ZL+/U*@0`SUL%<T)?OMEQXBF[_LX]5W*V


OZRBX[E:

M@`B9
+YOFJU!/RWUS\3;YE[__

ESW5NL8#





M
/])%A[.L45ZPV&;17W



XQ@91)H\%'*.+
W&@T0
M:;?G606R2YCE6@7\9V@

%+N0=Z
7\I?EC^EZ\3I=O#4VWQ\W



/3-@1%0(8)X'@?T*6

M$[\RH


%Q

R*6
L!9K6Q6;PIZ#










;_'.KV



MC1T6QQ

4



:WIS?MXXJ7LA/03H
MPRKD1C0BAFLRO`6!S[8NR(3QU70KL

M?B*FA[2;,P)\RO0!)D'VB69_&_ZW[/Z22PGVC?9FB##N!!SSFCVN_).[VX

MZ.RL@7WQLSO+!V!


]5-NAHVY'^

MVSIV6\=N8S*PB.&


-@V
MY@O6R'7G.-:4L?)!F$?]+[3YGIN


M&`G&


6-7=7AOZI$JOV\?*=3#G37^9MA]O
M+?73SBT[]72G$3\=$#R.N1@'6R3
P:3X^R



Y


(^'B4Y885CJ^Y%`P3ML

=D!RC


P9ZK\0&H)MV:U.






5





MPF\
E7F^%K(BDP'/M-/9



O

M#__M3W[PI__'^7__O_[7__7ITUD(W1ANP.
[^


?T2:#6!.&WLF?T






M
-FA;O!$OJ??KW_
M$_`V]`Z=_`\`_^5__:5`V$V9LWT8XJ:\:.WN_@;=$'D6[
5/A].I(O8T=2%'


MG5M-4XY=!.6!XR3%0:H-$B*@U)YD%40(W.B%DG`^P7]+4)*LU!D4QO[4,/H
M;NB')*[70-IX%+1M0&Z*J/3NVJFQC4I`$@)&3IB(YU]T;D6
N8]J*1B
VPZ
M$8ORP]'HB&AX@-LL:N=URA(_+L$`?.5BR1,FPT5TZ_2OAKRM4,^I%ZU]-CN
ML+(9MG2U7HN&)=:.[E@\@$!.D5!H6*:X6;5L(L*\)!4I-#X.&Q8CM44A;(.




VD&;89CE)XSGA4_


MF.FV@3=#RQ8$&3UQD4^_XS(@*P224GQ$?0A=/!F^?W]Y#':GP[DJWUMI5XZ(

]G0ZF74M

MRL;Y!V'CG)&-^.C/W.[=M`[D[)R
&XY2BQ






MRT+EGW#-/Y




FI=IJ:'O`M^_/_44$K/6&7=EK5
MHZEJ
:R%
[LO4C8@-A
C4?MV5O?W%P_W(K3*%\87\ZX[N[*T4K.TWXZZRJJL
MV-#VQ%0TN&9

MQOHV(MK[EN




:\5+5T7RR
F[M#?42K^




GZXLQ1
M^NEU;H\=]B;)Y4[L.6T/2Z)1M)R?=










UU\)98+.EA.I%X\5`XV4W

M&FS!#I]110



K










I3#PO+<!I#J^#F&R+$T-[EU]<+:6.'(Z6(WT;-IW]
MRW%31+R

MEC[Z0-_F4&._KC,*$Z%PPUU!I9?%._$;L1*MP!(K'.V&(##7UQ&QAW?UU]
%P/!KIRTU%[5,9#5O%H#Q7'XT&]B]<-^*
MVZ`EK'5^8`Q%-Y$ZOJ-NDVB(CFV&L9I&=#RP^_Q;.W#3YK$.(:6EC]=29:TD

MG'3+2;_N

M%:B)M95P:CFQ^Y1Q-WC3AK6&@&9;I4+2C@]LQ
*:9&RGG3T

J`OA=K
M6\=!
[B2[U&33M/UTXBD

;`S?THO1)$%0=






G/G%.UVS!XA6'\?HMZCE?^!M]T


KH5)I
4]'(?^U)P(

/@
M.VX`:=-DK


M=W'IKW?[#8HX;I


[%.J`.`.[S]TJEK0GMRN#


5Q



H'*55UN$SG.S?G8M(;P-?*[%V!T5B3FR.]4-HP1&
M8F`V+




`.141$C3#58
M*H_F$[N/N;`+H=MA,-QDI+95@`JC`88)
63C0&`*@!20Q_AM?@&JPA?\P4

KHO\;_VY8J4?2?+3:Q\_H
_T#;C`!EB9L










ML=6


M+I(2V=2.N@[PUB5]DCA./G(-A$*W]S#\

M(+L\A38UUAD/9W;OR'=BU^\3VP$XN`!V8:0(R4F5%0*XE'*ZZII@]L97VK2P
&[(F;PZ`_%S&.Q?
MKX.X%?6-GQ4_74PG^I+\8*25F0U(U%26*$&I[;/_.0$,^LQ=$YN:\EU4\`
M:J#1YY8=-5+(K*I9!=0SZ3Q*#:Q/5P5;)/.OR6)J?2PM*9RAB:XT4
4^+WO5
M/LM#\MF-O/7I8K;4M[E([5).6QBER%2!7GPZ&=B]^-X&6[
M`/*[2BIJF3T9IV)M)D


&L]([U62F)=02
MTXC9-$+




I6WC?FU63Y3
M=6*2[#Z_P26'D?D_#Z)6!2+A)X.A&UE_2%9V%
)^R'H_EG]7GQB.G"K$
MS[1H*WA8FZWA@C+I-M7B`)S\+6QRDTR/5?%)(BE9R9P/(I5GSUP-Y9%Q';O




INKD$C([IWS


R0*$B&2G+&$
E6@K4RB5-2-5F.T'!V!NC0C-S+7:.P^G150#F\KYJ8^1V2<
MFW170*E!K('EQ[DZH)LSQLT@G)^#-QCZ)`Y+4S9SGYA]Y#?A1I/-+Y&T-ZY


M5ZR









M%=9J'7MO7NR5]_@TYN[3`5A.#8T

S;


MOO^#U

M[L;@E
O@V6E1B3%M+!8CUOKG\5U7]-:+YGISP/1!E%
.
!V
#4:+W#YY_1







M-[]+U1?SA=UG:3BDZ


3I;V;0#LQ)]$'=!`%W








MHK?-V`9`SA4RWY^(^=YD)%^K(GGB



8

M0Y-6N0F':FZSR]M

MHR(













#VV


M=Z/YA&SL+760CQV('#6E!



M(HR
Z!)Q


L(S%`5U;6:Q*PBZ+;!

6+Y&S/L0A@T^^U(JD:_*(OIGI0&I+@^
MKFLW][V3O=74-]5&QF@RL/L0!H<4YLU\!R*G2O5U0O5(G.H/P6K]][T7HLFU
MO_D%[C8(PZ\XX]IX,=8?TC?TKH;C[*(=\KNYYM3RG$2,$IBRX^TPB



MQZ(DNS#&W4$7(JI3RJ=`%+MA.11S&OJ5Q-#/L(B/6'P%XVM)+F^)X,CF_NR
MR-.7[V#`5ITZO*85B*9`04V!?H3:0]V1'83;((I#&
TN*G/T(=;+\Y3[H\7
MWT9ACB02*J*E,BYJGU



MF8]


3FY/)1./F7U?_ZA2'53R:EC35G4YLGXHSRF#2V[0!.2!Y5E3R

W\``P1U6L
A)$U5VJI;



M+S)-
[I;F8V/Y^@4HS0F?00;I`
UP97PIH?2^ZDBW-'N.NQ3EU9'TM4*L7JV

#
WLEE7X5TK]#

3HU9&AI_2LD
:-X5#(WU)W9
!N<
M`Z[#['?PW0U#%R]*XLEE




M[
+@Y&7(5?.L%



.@+RJ2SPI`*_2&/#.DY#0[

MI6QV&==)$U







M-I[-)_J?HVSJ7_)XB(!T6!
ZZ^'/L[3W*A\S?@-+(*Q8G/*OB-'X[8TGU#;G


C.P53UJDP/V

M973OK76;&$YU;O1:Z=W)P2G*`)PF4\HXLD._&GDKYYHIV?^UJ.:UEJC^70Q
MM'L=DTT`,_$+Y1#-B.#+
WF_]E'
9DY/`0-&.B[`^6+CG?XM;[(B^$]#-^\
M-;PE3_7=P77PY)


M5;/K9
'$]?]DKF]N2.U2COF


M$&$(+GDP?6HMT47/]*U%$:VUR%:RW6O93/B-1`LL2#-J8_I?*XZ:`6/G3U



#:;Z[OX
M4.]1EF4L$A1<JY7&YYDM3R;4@IJ==9(W&IHQ9?!%3)/R[4%H\RKW5%H&+^%
MW0OH+:AYF2=Q'Z$9A03W+J-H#S?G^Q!-]I/+CLE=A[/`?T/]H%&_V2;_'7O(



M.*L0O;JH

E'DSL.`BV


M3




M2F4@+


_J_@LRMX,6]Y^G1AF?KT6W`6'Q$4B1M(#_JH.:``PNSC'L1NQ2+
MR\NT;+-_-
W*A.K=[7JQUMX%.;AQZT3Y\)WVDR2*G0XT9R@=RC&?28*


;-[9T()6U$!#5]3D

-7QR

WUQLA*(

OEI!=7L&I6C9E%?\
8OU


UJ%'Z($]''%PI\/I

.S))[FH:&



M=(I0


4+QY_QQ5R-YGY2+'M
]S^*:9APQ(W/#

)HMW6\B)R\AA[ORD\9QD#27L[7PTG.KV)W1
DO






M[_`3#-_&[L
)`M+TXA.8H!E6`B3#
^[B*L`'F+UUU!AR4)]
9E$&IBY4:H6H
M3'3M8&N-^'&[#S+(B&7667!AJRD



=^XX-J:8

YLV^TD.\VZ\WP0NW?GN64Q9]_Y@&EF




6O/B\P
^9GF@-0D
MFJW
HDRY#5[5@M&9W`


O@S?6!O@WARNU
J\PNCVSUP(W+R
<P](S-G'=S'
M&=%9:N.QG]EMUWG$T&W1.;`X.8G5WA#EX@2C^;:+R'63S3SL=AMK'C%
F6D.




MHQG&KZ]E.FL%K^N134=%;(*6EB]?

MS08+:@HT)81FPR#':U$Y
WHSUA_:?GZ22P[=9IP'C$


AXZ(CDF[ZCV.AHN[;Z/HDZ?OP-#\0V


(
MW+KO_'N!Y#1LZ#YZ._1A;[:W^!/_#;KA%\]W_;7G[L[=V#V=+9;4)^;4:!T+
M!$GU$I




JI
ML_*L#-!BW*W@=LV4=U5$]F4ZL/N:`ZL(1@PW(Q@*S?FH_

Y

1^MN44Y/
MA!!GL%0F=RZM'M9ED
*W;Z''8I3%`5Y67DOPD
'MM0$-A&X9M$9QWMI]PR%





W`VK_F%IF



M9\CMWH'FE


;X




4(BKM)I\/);*9O

M$

MK22[$(;L.B
N'<S4#V#IP=D_LNJ`;,78=()SD9K5
M9@



M]4&DM?G4=KLL+I7V



@
MBNLK

VLTX(Q`G+PBRD@HL-C





MCG$^H;[RK821

MDOU);FNHES;?]9!M&K\//;=\+T^5C-JWIQ4!+9S:S1:4FP)I6^`A`$5KH'C;
M6SHP5$=5QDWP#Z*8]4UT)5RP_.J9*AG-;


M\JZBE2^UW6P/[Q3E$T=
4HXKOXS-2NJ6




;?\IT03E&

P





X@V0IHD@?<[I<+);:E@98$
A17$S&
MC.U









]_D*W$'VJ#?'D'-=G6QN3XRPOSHRK[?6P
M]YS;;:K9!-!MHIE0.*14*8DHR


&KQU$3CNA@RV=GY-QA:H?KM57I5H'


0/E^-%RBF[(V9J5(ZX

XY2'D+#Z0UM'*:S=7;Q^E:&
`^^)9/
MA_@$


GEOD;0M]@Z+#FKS
MAX@?3;E;@TT5W+%[Y4#M,;#5C6XRQJ.';WOX]?SWT^0DO4*0)H+#3KCU_
MT+\BP3'TV3VT-J%22Q.V6D!FG[
[50+?!7X?!9K^.5_[F'E7VUO`*]44N







=7/=MVXR3G
_+%[

$EA_ZY%3N8*O-+Q:4S\?







B165;LC.-\[9#CO78;5S&!V'4B65E%\_TP%C.]

M6*/9W1



M%IX.)[


N7Y
M!1J3X

M3:@6VA;5EK/1T;'V$'T/I#V`X.1%0%$&?


1L9OGV!*\HNFTV)QXG*X^OUN8U3D!:)WT_$P@;='ZRZ+G78JEF
MU.^V





XT'Q



MW1H5KV[O1.O4R?X(OB5_YIP
T;^/EFF/?EK5)C/58G
T[9D
)G8O5C5!-C)-

TL6CJ6HR*71!DQVRH-AR/+

M
U9$#!YY3
0M&?Y?`9@]=\O_$U7^4K

MEB+@KUCN$_DD-$D/Q#Z[0_T






M;%M#\[K][JY*S@38O;3$(84I2\Z

5\\^X]=2')2TXM
V






1!<D$ML4V'Z%J$V*!;Z4W0N88@(9F28+07.N
M\-OFO]Y?@+O+GW]YN#==\:)L_U\KT^E!3ZW6?PQ00R-;D60F?

M8X2FZ^L8

.U8\9\35$K*'EYXS$)#)S
MT$@(6Z/OX5


$ZY



MMG

^






?BTT%5-?E
[?
MX%PNJ\UG%:158H4=R
M






QQSK3YT-

M._`(P2NA)WZ(6F+\]3@Y0MJ\`UB4?+`X-+?['$LX.YNW?#W-$Q`E*_KT`G

MR5ZWWGP?Q.YPEEL64]:=%YAFUOO;('PADMR_1WB#M*#)@OI
:P/)&]J1)#4[


R_@U(!
MU?S4LFG;%S\I_KRAO9&



9#_;D
M-JDPXR3]8^MP?2E`N2.P^YJ'#G%-+3AHP&Z)ST8-;Y)=Z1;A;H/P]W079/V\
M]TNK7'/V2%R\)SEM5BIAIKL2C9(U*KN73A1(ISN*EH?H%$UTZB!N*-_5PTWU



K!I
M0;45\G7LGDZ+B-.O$Z!B8E&`M*))#5#B!_I6`5Y/4/]`


;(FI_=N:HDI.K78;1!8]$5
M4A_D#?2@




_ET09X]LJD54ENX-;%OBZ




MBR-?=JT!.8ZQX
GH52]+!L;N-8%FT+KM76//3O(+(#\)1HXMWXUQ
F2.2/4I



*W?8.9Z`%U-ZZ/DI[Z8CJYQC@LN\


MEE8&.([B\K8OIT4*I


M/)W

M!FN9?_3

2M'3.$

MUH/ASM&T.Z4DWQ3(2X#%M7$K)_Q





MSJ208GJ:L9TFZ-EM/]

.1



BSH'PTDJS.[%;



J-?4&Y('
;0IQW]!U'F&(9;J)!2P


X=




MP9##B#(W+

2NU`'%TX-)+7.49S30
^JQ_(;-!DH;DIL+


;A[RV

MB-A@'5L&TN[;#PSHC=K&5B@:&/D5AFL4D

B&KL)$6A6R
=Y<#2\2`;<&.0



A@UT#W3G

M__GXC@Y1@![&Z/N/YZ965!H@:.5ZDY2
;$^KCZ?CHS;O%3%Z-O!E+(PFGE31
M2?X^S+QY\O.:^K0Z


M


MCJ\IY8V`I!60-I
OS9O6K4



M3*#J

S7


@3B\G+ZG_.UBKY71[






M)










L_HTQ1AF0NLGOEK`Y6-SEJ/::IZO?I


&Y_+Z


)L
3%(V[UHY9]N$:F%M46TQ
ML3RQ(0/Z'CA[`






=


X^\0^BTJC!TK






MV[UV#)#NX

)SY(D``!1183D#2*,CA@`S/4A:!P@2SH&'
M.LD



Z.7@51=!`\PXCDS;GP8\2\
MT^ER3#\%3;\0PM:JB@.B`LBK1T4[&\#COSB&8\_




TZ(;X$6@T60O!#I
=
.M+QPY@(N0819
M#/83;N//B?86S8;FO:6`[1BAZL'[=1XJ^U8M;

M+VMT



CI
6Z%!KGKPVLUR+U2NM$@-U4D!L3N`)Q5!*
&N0.
DUIL(?[F


Q-!IZ.VA

M2

M
6+K^3)+*GG/22K0XW??S;0=^'#8






HT51Q

*=#8U&8R/8RF:5R3CYI\-%]T?
MX&S?P184T\]5-OW



\





M;%*3;G?2T@BV95.[3X**B-./\^@&1J9&0:X@Y.&0-2X(%&G(;8A;C]]O$6+R


3Z



MSF;


^'0PG7NUJ

M^O+&'\6`B'AXWK[(Y.7(-AG526U+U(W_GL;L`&/L;*DBCDY]3R[D_G\['!






MZVOJ5HY%'

ML7[4[#Y[&W-RF'1A]\1)1!PCWD$`6$E;O.+A851*B=NX@WC`O5V276@5?X'H



M]Q402&'1VV1&%J[S]I(RV:-LVM#Z=S\
7UR6/&'FHKA&CHE)Q&J&(@F7U7

J5
;^C'AKIQ=CN.1*C!+H=!QL
Y^(_?KU\^!MX




M[47P-O36


[]VSJ8+6O
MVQWVZ)_)'


CN!BN:9&L#)
5!4AXD%4Y`4@4%WO![4H(SHN9E


MT49R=N3G


6C2L4\P.=3JL


QDP`98RF%\1#.[-Z::D%M
MA(O-_3O93\F2+!_UBA.*-]MRT'
'=VZ
XZ`H3L(B
L.X==_)98W\!/QP.M5W
ME5T.FQRC58]+1G[)=O&.X=CNI$N*)-0=YJB!Z=P_W)S]._C/U=W=ZOKA'JRN


W



MG5%

=C@;CS7N;ZK&*[E08F#X*CD&U/8UGXXL7RW1);/VQ55-P)VF


:TK*;\
MTXPU#+)1



MIASNB&1BTJD*5D8SQV5-E


M-E6

M%MC;F!QES
8NGY

M^[5(+
.GRN90^II/;7^[09?

MD7@URQ.V:1;]2-9`.L1POE!7-I++4(H-122S7%-YO9X\^:DQ/90Y230;%*U#





M&!V

+`7101G;'?6Y1Y&XW@7
MAUKE*D*OM[S87BQU3!Y?JXG1[:#1A7$?L/4..`F#5
&`KEJNU^Q
3\8'R$2

_J/#SJ<E8]P$J`V+8;I`:!]N<02K6119_H.5XAJ$X_JK(D\_





M553P%!&#


$`YQ!8'\BPR9'$
N!S


MV?9EER;@^LQ('^^3M=!_./BG^5`S?OKL!XZNIQ_T(D6GT.P6Y)7D@+Z/W3#N

)9QFH'

N12U\QJ#W]C

M


M++)+00@@+@IM







M?B[C*--`6WFHZ)]IH.M&J#=
)(*TW$[U/CAF3%G?8BK(?G_AAGB'*T*=$KRK


;6H
M
IV






%KL.*KJ^KNDXJH-]@IO.O2.<C?F=^MG.CZ&9+#E6<!_A.R^ER/M'F
MF.O=R2DA`_Q


A_AV0`A)4)'
GY)$7







D
M-HA(^RF9JJFY8_@'G6OA<;-D'7PN/.%D<%PQ,5T`T^$$%04UH,BXKBJD:/KR
M)FVR64ZSVNBJ,SRN$+E)A'XM]B&<W'!KC^0O(X.OKP2]-F.NE:Z&;I.J@


#SJERUS^)$M25T&$&#.:SX?:IMV5ON34H@MV1O1J.7);R^XG=NB`

YV*%1Y:3?/0KTB`*43WJM?GB(WLO92-^5



M50.%0K0#%BAG6#*UR8F[HP/W%A2(7*LYK**67P*;L7K$2Q:N2$\(6W-]

MQ
\P3!8MK@





MGN27IG]U.83$JB_H7ZBF:`:93EC)=7Q$''V[-(P@=.M)@Z3L*I)F+E@
[%XQ





B'
6-B6RVR
M2&SW02$6^+I-(0

0.=XH=[QH]H%OKH!'%S6U


J[0&-B._0#0%,]MV$R'CIQQ!ABFGQ
M/G49B!X(-C0C1S5V;,4E'H-HLIVG\CH@J[;[7;T[V2_2T\_.K\JXP2X'\K5


Z7H=#@9

MY53?Y9BVGN4HR2=31L[66F3`[3:-3/AUFTD6$



9\MGLWH
3$TBW



J9RZ
M?9Q*L$[6&-Z139H#:7L@:1!D+8)M$(*\39`TFEY`!L*.43&#M3C
CZ?H-?^J
MIOW):#D:_A$T/1/4B#=6KFB\)FFDPJYHO,I\#E\C]]-*
D1ZJ2_%VCA3ZO
M6^]/3K-8\&=:0BD[GEK^RG

M57_6B2AD[H

MEX5.SE*-\6QD]YFR#N1FZ7G8_2$_I7)A5;M*LT&-%J;(J2#'%9
$=$HFA9'2




2=P2ZWQ8CH;V'T0F`6^





2E=R/.]`G7&Y6FPXG`SMWLVEXM5M?&F=

F8@^

M$;G*

M^;W\2Q)(C34^Z

2(SNF?)@.'K.

M07P!:?IR%



M_]B[(1*`%B]

M9#+J/.S2(V:7TM02

P6&OV/







AA6ER

$UNTL/O^#9<<1@(0'D1U


M.\YH[-E)?@$W6Y#_IHQ%AW:J;Q;5+%##L-A]$*\9M!%+U-A]1B7D];9N^`+6



MAL%FOX[/W!@^H8\!DSDB1ZKCQH;4D(\%WR'YZG7(G

BIF[P)KG:#*.)L$DI


M[+M=;6W)L8\394;`UFID\.P^-



:

MO?(EQP

;2[OB-40)SGK$-1H64I8(&2
KK1?LC:8N'





L%


;?;

UW:'X0#I-N96A@$3(


MEJ0++.V
%]/1V&Y?)2:0$:\D!


_L4.'






MNF&

M;O80X$\-(O%X;KT.]\CAN#M2.:?#E/[HGKB4_J4YCF3'5:4\L/K;?FC;`-
M&.^FOIWT-Y#]*&Z7V[ZB+C-LFHTT(TLKCR._J=TWE#N0FS.@+2AR=D;I[YRD

5(G)6OI

XT'B:A=RJD!


LE4
;8
MEDIX2\SB^W.






%OKN27?T+L=[



MVL1&O)I-NT[]R1SL



9#H








MR6NJ]B6MM#'I2ZS0$U9?0FN$6#F[
S@(2-.G+VG!19^9%'XER/5%U*_\Q]X-

?[FY^[IZN+RY!M^R
M&ISY?%KQ/


I0*6$M0
M+-H@7IU=VGU1458T=B642G4L;-\_(5Z=M9\/*(DK2U%\YTV:&013=AD%R


^6;





DW*]$1J'%O5A:0]-#.P^+2$E



ZE

ML;O%!2
$^G0^6.K;]A4`)*=F2D8@3RDBT-AXL+1W
4%.*-TN31B94ZH)\JJ`


M7FZD&7$[*I*U!KOW^Q@ET&UNV6`X23&0E@.E@IHYRFAD;2!IW;RR#*[=)\X8

*`DA9`WH0QS3+HA6S4
M+$9_U-86



MB\K0/SF?L]K'S^B#_0
?YYX

M$0VBN[^LGIR:/=&T9F0;JY`I^Y'R-




MR2O%\!B/[0YRJ'@YJ!K$[DZ

M.;'2+M7QJT4&&L_2XI

NX$S
&^9


M$U`TA%=NLJ9P')(WAH
6W!Q(V@-)@[WHJY80__CUM385D&L7!PM#NR^WJ!'0







VK%\[0JNYF-+7^[


S)*LDXNE

`;6?AE
M`.*H)^RX^+SZ
3.T!$$<186DSP/

G](;V=O^.=AOK3T93^9'LL#(H?9



M


B1XPP5%/;MD=1N)(]&OBN

M0/PA^

/.`JX@6D@3O&&)NO!MD@G[3DET5FW;GZVRDRR)6(DN(1JAN8U%\1\DES

M2?#1V3.ZUH8UR24


%N/E='Z#%M.[W[6W190J*:U-'2F$%-FE
M-

P!6R#:Q4]*VHRMS_I
M)
B;KLF
M+1BF^]52I.;B?(TP^AR:.X0:0@/3+7LS$C-BCWP/7C712L,/T*AT/Q2DGW
MK_0BL<;;78D11DXT<HSU%=$`R7V^=T[=)WYA2N20@F21W3%'1K/?Z'[^?5D


$
_X8?9H_PC[6?!/C)?U!+`P04``````@,7)
M:.

M
C`Q
C$R

4-X
EQ?UF1I?OI:N5Y
MFU]N;G[\^-'\:[

M1H\R

.9WGOC\ZT#67#5C@[UM1





MG

2AO=#:V*#GV?SZ
0``2R/N=?=\^X+-KU91H0ELLE
%X



SR767
%.




2\[C'7`@



ALLR0';\\YJ78

$Q4VL


M0A$9DFOEDCC`BMZB1,6TA42QEA(EN8_?40]3.WW2!K1M
_%Y(S]&=9$G`C
MP)AD'W*6

.ZXWL


-N%?H.%

WB!HGUGEX
M4FKWQ


M+57LG



M^


2RHUA*FWPG0OO!L?!]WV


Y
MNG(X5V^CXV
;314UM

J#X3QXABJAV5.XMDJF6J/H_D=4TC);?V_T*)ZS;!YA76L:03+E/W

MJEQ_G)C7?,^R;@HW'+VM3#D`NB\0IY56AY*?OWN%27$TH6V[?'HFFQ!4^[





M8\?.+L2`B&6CAD.%Z9@LZIJ8B`A(=8USAROZL#@M+GUGI##:F4I7$^/(!TQ=
3UW\.YVP)B:1$YFZ




I%E-
U
-_H2\!K$%=4B5V2D

M*2H&1;

?$


OZ



@ZQ3


K[TQQ6X2C'
M
W%(\&X6QF*OVMVI&=E/M]=7EWK

N)I(C5
MQ9+DMQ6HZ/



M=09Y*6-#1%OAH!1?]=2M'2X5?

M^@6`!#HK
/D[O



MN@MR5=FD+@/%R



M(105G=&6/QS/Q^GVS5)8G'*D3K0$BI5ZDY-Y*`N2&LQ'I7D4H2()_4/BQ3S+

M


X3UFL5S
M(A3:2.W20N&]7&&CT\_(M8SF:#!6-W$FDM1K^LM$);0'C;
BQ2:Q8\GO+-L'

M@(2
HO<U8--?APB(M!I=!]`<M_(X9M

MPV`6AL6-HCEJ]=0M;^*4I+B
ZR1'U[]CY\4[BFXBQIBOI6#?5RP?&H/.CV%G1D2B6IO2Z<]'K+!BRRG

M?

2Q+.^'7].H?F.;!]/3-CA

E;K'W@)TQ_C+NE

MZ`R]AP$]A2V/
NE7-3Y.DE=B2-6V!U'*_'**Q5AA@54^)C0VG4S
+J#MCE3[



M88RC-(^VYSJ*N3

M^ZXAR3/Q8HOG7E?MT?1
%J0

@X713G

_\+:8LXU/G8.

KE#ED@\+3`RF78



MY*9JPSKKDT31U+_\5E9^ZP4#CI8!=LJ`YW?)QV^
'[5+/61]CINJ#2Q/UBL_



Z,AQXEY)'L0+4(D%Z8\Y,*3NGGAOYC/^ZA[:#JN!5W?!]?6
M#6#;P/;:%A'Z_N^]A%6/XSLX1;8D6L@R[Q*%<`U%KF'O*Z6`G/7&P29W^0]

&C`*5TEBIS?\I(_:2$5-XH-

S@83[C11[.3ZA0BX246!:P^R7H.;J+2
MJ;M&3.%I:EF?\.#T'DVG!T
^5%&M(?JE`B,EL+LD2O^@@D/]W3Y4A+I9#

MO@&1HK2RSF@P
:*Y


R(U?UE4B[0




6%[
]:'O@`\S:@@\&-X7VX-AGY\)K(B(RL57`'.:&IK./':\
M``Y2]PZ_`H3\#<AB'=,P:6JH.NN0%'@&.;
75\6P4A!I#ZE[`6#&TG$QK+?
M6'#C#;ALFO&(!Q+


=


MF!Q=56CY2A5

M52RF;$&L7)#@$@I(P\8$SE!V7W]S/0N)ABCB
_YV&RH+OZ`[Z2XJEY
B\#2^
V*O*4WV7Z91W5M7CPNT&P9ZXL(`KZN
M8SNJH4&];0_'PS['MMR
I:L7`F(@ZO.8:@%QR(*
[[0.WM:+T^XKMUZ)H1MY
W(+&L/88R8Z7BE1M_(20(*-R2)B
MM!A&(C;\B)VHX'^&U[#88_?Z'[RC<@B0GD812(S_@HB<ZU1`1J#L9@R%BD%

MW[R&9^$`E)TRI'24UG^W'G5[=S)MUP+P/U;K;]/EXH_I=K%:MJ;+Q]9RNOVQ
MGJ



M(

O(P_


`1&`'.0'#

MPC7D4=XBH`ALK;@^;-K$DLQ=N0]GLV$GQ7*V2*DVPV)F#F[Y2W1$0TH1-
M5./92?QAH0PM1K[`QAJ25COHY_];)W+UAQ21*,+/F5G$=(%MIX0
/-_]1
A
&-C7TLWKZ[MIOJJ%9GPM#<VW'
M^B1Q&(K&I5AL0!X7BSF<%UF2-)BU5?6_CJ9+I!X4H2SSXHU\`5(OW!3TCB6
M]_#9[NB2F3N*4!;QAX5RM!CY%Y[6(:+U+]W0U$P;E4;NJ&B$J]B2\EAT!I!=

^1@3/S)


?:_O5







QAC
M\RULQ*C`EH3)4UGX1'8@\\W=0%R\)YUBG10+`\+IGF

M/B-
\PFH$ME7S?ED@(L_J#;P!D``P_9;
]^#?LV%@4K\H9^%;OF7$U





M45



TRXSR;N&WN.
M/)?@IC([64QL7Q&Z&57(^)0!2M&L*
T
/`T%3FWU2-O*@.LHJ?T.3IIN:=
MG-B;?=J[BAD?8\)DFG*?E





9&I#(C#.D4\;7*+SHMNZ&?W'&R[
MU^6H]%=+L6-*FC2%[2-I%$K.&/77];85?HR)+U4A8](HE#MLG5F.[(=7T5UJ



%^L7(K

90RB;ZJ2L@1\DC

6HKYQ





MN-1X_BZ+NT^/U=UG;COZ&47Y6WY%7`L5R]GH-Y=':/]/RWN&MJ4:6BLLNJ_B

[C!(LP3$4KJ%T*QL?PJ?XCW$5%=BB9NRF`


;\WEC(6%B\&A*@T-?2RVD.G`20('W2P79)


E$50H-=4?2L7AX1.9CJ`G
M5N$ZP2IO`QQT`6

?:9Y1C#
MIRM:?AML:ZO^JB2#F'PSXYXE;
K0J(9OYI.;@BE=^HZ1V]?GL'I#KK\)`Z_
M9IG.B]OO!5?6[J!7)14,;_.D;$D\99X!@=R^!T8JO''T30.[[KQ!&VS]^H4


RV4NLM



M+41VP

MP.1K@Z%'PPG%P[HIGV$K0AGP7L2(A)P:]^J4K3%0DEW
B^5O\^5VM5[
-\1%
M`0OC`ZX!0;N=MTN1U;]\XS/:39A


5\1%SOJC#O8]#[Y4\@HM%N!J





'%



MPAKF`CG2EK]\Y:G11(B#J+:!-89ACEN4VS5:H&`?D7`B7-ER;4H0A:M:DA







M[YE:^HK4H]^?^-F]Z$O'#LT*OTO1)_G

MJ[IB7

M*VH?77)R594ZE7G%P;)92QF5-4/0_`Z5R:3#;[Q]WNIM)`&DAIK7!E1)2R3
MKDY68W7,\0@:9)6K^OF+;XI&ZIH)/EWR6!D_]J5;0/`?)V\G4E5U3PL^A


M`+=0PFW5U3?]I#LZL)]


?NWSXB=@ZT




3-NQ
/E0:JU$WT+$1,/
MNNQ4PJVS(ZJ<=@=72/&F!$Y(<57$B&_N)'1+(!JJJ_]Q]$T#N^Z\2_=T-3_





M-^VJL##VIG7VV+'YM%%@*:8]V$=14QS)E.]((11$1#8U$AZ=H/-?[Z;ES(#E


2%O9TZLO?9-6_(HL@547RZ!@Q.AR(RPC7D\.\FRA.`*\(H

0WL]JG9X


MJ1K%NU2\3Z$.AP?3LLR?NG&(&AOZXPF_NKN





-VR$PZY&[@_PX
U?CN0@TZ
MHB8^8

M7[VG
N#WJF[^!H1H*4N-5970O%X41W7\D8E^B]K7@6PXZ
AMC&=



$WQ3%
5IR
@\#0?QAD5OLDN46EZIEP:]\`9)Q/!K]Y2A

M4Y+WA/

FB4HS4C^K\&[^NE5GE[7$+:5

X`5!0=K;]`CP0:D%)%;9$(!&8\;+!9`SX@


M-+K15X.X:7NU=&.GOZLG/_SW`%3X@\/E
//0&1?E
_DZ

M(T+Q

&
N*$88\TL-LH8=&Z\G

ME=YDP$\^RFY/T

M#&BA)(TEER3J[
C6=-239[
A:?AL-Y+?^A&$.!W_?EK!'1I
'YU6'?FYJ9

&P`B59&V$LG4YX'



M3;P!MV3UK

YY

Q0
MW(EO_KE0]%.HD#LP@7;^9+I6;.





IGKA))A.FFRH

(3R645*:;$P:Z
MR81=];GOH
D1Y
J

M7:(?6O91?P]G%J!:=O#H@JVY!(X/[-1Q+/W-=3QGWO3_(43=OP#8J`D!_1L;


MWKLO$%PR@!@(^

M];F8T0[





E@T;(&G#UJ`Q4
MFG#H5U:]?E=&W2
[DWY33Z[/U

COZDY\

L5-3-:E0$7X?%TR89VZ

?PTYQD*PWI






]

C]V4\K$ADP1#PX`K?'PB;?[
M`7-6KF

)R'3^=X8_!^LL+








%




MOQM7#RAGYJ-$W29O$&\G@4L/(





.-SU

[`$Y
7
M!VACTP-[1$8YEDWT'\M#R,D0@K@W&/XYA5IIL5I/\<$?_5J.O]#H*B=V@

H+/!?
N5]8:E3+&;EO(
P%!


M/LK=5*
7$\)S@P@S^0O;+_I@.NH)JP_L#V+B.W?HNTE;@DUP[O+'+^-J%R(X




A=
MP+


MXP4TXU/B9#01/B(EN*D9[R+'/Y_QIJP])RRY_A3$-=@!_2/PBX)^?CY$W:Y7


H8B&

MO^*BI8)K;7?
K[T%LZ!`&Y&X^N?@(?R:3WBJK
$)/1SSJEK.Y]92#5OUTACV
MP^?5;SSR^L'T%SX]`46V))-`E




M;?O2;8Z0&%9OAZ[V(*GDI.
42@P\TIHD
7$
@U@.1(U?
#ZY7G'7_SLP5../


M9]?\A)=M$HJ&%$/+#];.?N*DMW..&/HWM6-9U0*EV
0?KIR)Q4@6Z+06


S&\2X


CI'2X$4NX


MKL&[:2$6%`ZMW7XH9'M_-.+WYGS:JB7J=&^^B)NNJ`P5A6-A2OX.V
32B3D6





-UJ/^H=NHLP2URXTH
MAG4G/B8C7A&F,A=#;CVV&I?)LLB#))J



CJ96@D=$;]RW
MG7]+^+RH-<IPDK<U\0S-I?&IKJ06`BNS%0/&SZD8+

M








K=3

*#/5/CZ=S)\9L/0X1NZH-U1'P:/!N


MNN6YUIP-(-:=+VL
YP:$Y_(
SB2O'

MYL2IO[3MCP;\(MR8!9D8B2R0PU*+;&*%AZNS7X4#!_7D4^F5BB]/:12M+-
DF<.C/H_GWJQL%_H7HX\#6#T5$6V`BB63<H//M-#4YK3_`-:;27.[



M8[@

?\WG[Q


MXI5++DFRXDJ

MX5#N=I8+M(UZ\NX$811AT.47X





_M_;JK^`
M_:(;'KL7!C1!T(9H2$VLX
Z91W!1MSHY=\(S)ENPKU]245PH<?D0S`0?'Y^/(-U(#:<J#3_[L












MAM]JCZGT!V'WF(Y2Z;VQN++;)(%J9
J@I+97H55-9E[8&)4G`2B&2.D!1-




31HG8SC=6[HH




MC4M:X+

_HV;)01G^Q.</L+
M:3A'U&C:'?.SH*7VQL3
DG(X'&C*#
VF%B90(?0[4*WM3Q
!
^*G4D6V)+]T

EW+0X9?B*S0GNHA6`GT
MFEJI28'

M97FA+.@]C_F1@%FRB&/B,%).99V^8L-)[[D&N`
B7

M3Z]-$?)OPF\F$6[)*F0W


&'^:+M:MWZ;//^:ME_ET\V
]?YDOM_1O
M%#RINN5ES%^`BCZ-_+623Q.$G\1.*IL



D91


M7.)#CR08+:A
.OPR$R0[8O?-(S,%.X,G&KLJY')Z%/BR8*FX:5='$A6-T*
Q!2\@GF9\BC<F5SK<T_ND6XL('N.WM&=^
6^TJKI
]
9@57*



#HXFWJ*HV3_


R-=Q
MI^


;G4+TE?C;6N

^U&0$]/-=6)*/:A^




?=


Q`Z!2G

M)VO5N[/X9BI*Z`
66Z(NZ]G[.$LOJ=@GYXW3C/`A;=AT.-%6GSC[/-==Z0:
MZ`3:RW%4BR%*68AH(ZZEEX-`D*G++D$%X$07S_(/Q
D\!!/G2=UA3
?[ZAE




MPZS:HQR2-QZF4/PUH4`:@OQ5$XK^-&XEZ*01)=9\DP%PP/N][KG5'OJMT;


2O10F)^[;/'0EH*YDZ-$_.M



[OFUZ'X=<7<
M2#8AL*A-0_!)'3IE?*&@9CCD(4P:9AFD@N7DU[

QI(TX
ME;M6!IBK'BS#AP879K2:&BYZ'9SV.OT;D8.^)X9ZJ)8`L1]#$U\
M;W8?<
M]#^UASW%BM']Y:ASI?9@U1[DT`3IT`=`QOCF-G2C^?*&OLJRT_L$3.@/ZRWG

DTLN
3A
M(\:T#=_=

P/P26
M;`P1\HTS


M5
XXW_!
P8Y!7CW./S@1NHS.0LP7EXA^[3*TL3K%G_AFD\#:QM-NOW=S.FX/









MSNC@E)$I&KF=ZAY^D
/S2\/-XR0XBLPF;7[8YHA



MMYCE?:-O*-R;LRE2)X;J**SU9/#?A]5:

M8%QR)\L6PRLIM2U)H_:-6BTP;`_Z0TF
F@:VT&!7.H2;/MXSY]W@&C7JC(?=
MA

9)I'=$.HDV=H1(0YW)TDE-K8EE(;'T(
;P

M`FX






A\R:LGGO5@Q16*B@$7B=(90
M4-J.7

)(?KOA+`H^GL3B)



MP

/RA:+B)*XWQ*_SS&=_35GT24'


M[
0[PWW?&[/'G%;



^:(08GS3^



MA;:PY%*')L





M
L(VA+I0EA!WB


^#






9(Z

2







L3)

M(X$DXVYY

`Q0````(``Q<D++J
7ZK6X!`.9W$@`1`!@```````$`


M!#D!``!02P$'@,4``````@
7))B0%([0W``-F0
`%0`8```````!````

#$R
3(S


M`*2!
\0!`&AO9W
M
C`Q
C$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%54!0`#N^=&475XP`!!4.

4``````@,7)'(&M?ST7``#N.@$`$0`8```````!
M````I('2*`

#$R
3(S

;!#D!``!02P4&``````8`!@`:`@``6D`#````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      














Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        


        

416
828

806
887

637
993


        

430
471)

202
794)

795
548)


        

018
903

041
982

943
093


        

596
237

672
909

189
927


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

845
095

172
186

982
259


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

441
332

845
095

172
186



          

        
        
        


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        

131
074

894
129)


        
        

356
662)
        


        
        

225
588

888
992


        
        
        

137)


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year
        
        

137


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          







        
        


        

030


        

030


        

136


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

196




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


Short-term bank loan
 principal amount

632
849

653
574


Interest rate for short term loans
 minimum
        
        


Interest rate for short term loans
 maximum
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Short-term bank loan
 principal amount

100
000
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Short-term bank loan
 principal amount

000
000
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Short-term bank loan
 principal amount

100
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



        
        
        
        
        


        

300
000

811
200
000

000
000

692
200
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          



















        
        
        
        
        


        

441
332

845
095

172
186

982
259


        

060

081
311
        
        


        

127

633
        
        


        

574
064

054
887
        
        


        

218
634
903

268
566
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

053
321

873
586
        
        


        

274
844

672
465
        
        


        

437
536

206
230

993
824

842
856


        

218
634
903

268
566
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

137


        

702
598

439
523
        
        


        

185

790
        
        


        

696

105
        
        


        

871
479

531
418
        
        


        

057
311

212
872
        
        


        

928
790

744
290
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

288

047
        
        


        

950
117

749
        
        


        

557
954

286
640
        
        


        

367
359

365
436
        
        


        

561
431

378
854
        
        


        

928
790

744
290
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and/or sale of goods and services not classified as Trade Payables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Details) (Recurring [Member]
 USD $)







Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        


        

781
137


        

976
249



          

        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        


        

781
137


        

976
249



          

        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 The condensed financial statements of Zhongpin Inc. (the parent company) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted by the United States of America. Under the PRC laws and regulations
 the Company&#39;s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer certain of their net assets to the parent company in the form of dividend payments
 loans and advances. The amounts restricted include paid-in capital
 capital surplus and statutory reserves
 as determined pursuant to PRC generally accepted accounting principles
 totaling RMB 3
811.2 million (equivalent to $606.3 million) and RMB 3
692.2 million (equivalent to $586.0 million) as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
December 31
114
702
114
439
104
58
 64
 33
114
871
114
531
 465
057
 414
212
 579
928
 528
744
859
552
1
950
526
 30
557
 24
286
33
367
25
365
 546
561
 503
378
 579
928
 528
744
Years Ended December 31
49
450
68
236
62
571
 (5
381
 (4
015
 (4
291
44
068
64
220
58
279
 44
068
 64
220
 58
279
Years Ended December 31
23
131
(2
894
(66
356
 43
225
 2
888
 (5
Cash and cash equivalents
5
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

466
664

066
074


        

685
431

918
019


        

955
169

385
610


        

871
962

574
317


        

979
226

944
020




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
114
702
114
439
104
58
 64
 33
114
871
114
531
 465
057
 414
212
 579
928
 528
744
859
552
1
950
526
 30
557
 24
286
33
367
25
365
 546
561
 503
378
 579
928
 528
744
290


        
Years Ended December 31
49
450
68
236
62
571
 (5
381
 (4
015
 (4
291
44
068
64
220
58
279
 44
068
 64
220
 58
279
969


        
Years Ended December 31
23
131
(2
894
(66
356
 43
225
 2
888
 (5
Cash and cash equivalents
5
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

519
000

745
000

212
000

127
000

886
000

086
000

453
000

783
000

639
603
334

456
208
266

720
275


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

486
217
828

304
879
663

990
804


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

018
600
000

100
000

600
000



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
000

700
000

500
000



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000

500
000

400
000



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

473
000
000

291
700
000

600
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

200
000

900
000

200
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

200
000

200
000

400
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Years Ended December 31



        
1
055
720
274
(15
1
314
993
(22
(505
787
787
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

268
930

693
641
        


VAT recoverable
 impairment loss

335
545

614
167

015
780




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      






































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

000

314
564

055
564
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000

800
000


        

000

000

000

000
        

000
        
        
        


Options granted
 exercise price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

566

610
815

343
771
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

026

026
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

750

500

577
157
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

230
300

474
050

480
100
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

334
341

029
299

794
810


        

937)

297

789


        

556
602)

015
523)

291
105)


        

773
802

023
073

513
494




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

323
920

708
479


        

478
601

685


        

995)

244)


        

775
526

323
920




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 Inventories as of December 31
At December 31
6
466
6
066
1
685
1
918
3
955
5
385
 25
871
 28
574
 37
979
 41
944
020




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

666
387

738
934

260
084


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

764)

107

559)


        
        
        
        


        

658
623

808
041

233
525




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
M
SDP




M
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?3U!%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%]/1E]#2$%./]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T%3/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U5-34%2
M65]/1E]324=.249)0T%.5%]!0T-/54Y4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




#DN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M5%]!3D1?15%525!-14Y4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


T0B5V]R:W-H







O4VAE970Q-BYH


\+W@Z


#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K



O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




M971S+U-H965T
C


O4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z
#I.86UE
M/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O


65]&24Y!

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE
M971S+U-H965T

M



O4VAE970S
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
S$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7



T0B

#I7;W)K
M<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T


O4VAE





M
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC









M-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


M.DYA;64^3U)'04Y)6D%424].7T%.1%].05154D5?3T9?3U!%



M3D1?3D%455)%7T]&7T]013


T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E



M05)97T]&7U-)1TY)1DE#04Y47T%#0T]53E0V/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z




M='
O4VAE970U



O4VAE970U
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

15].87)R871I=F5?1&5T83PO



O4VAE970U
RYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

04Y47T%.1%]%455)4$U%3E1?
#I.86UE/DQ!3D1?
M55-%7U))1TA44U]$971A:6QS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4U1254-424].7TE.7U!23T=215-37T1E=&%I/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4TA/4E1415)-

M:&5E='



O4VAE970U.2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E






M







O4VAE970V.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H
M965T-CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z


O4VAE970W
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC

O4VAE
M970W






T0B5V]R:W-H965T


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4T5'345.5%]215!/4E1)3D=?4V-H961U;&5?;V9?/]X
M.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U<F-E($A2968]
T0B5V]R:W-H


O4VAE970W-BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

M4S


M14Y3141?1DE.04Y#24%
7U-4051%345.5%
T/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z






M/E%505)415)

T0B5V]R:W-H




#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
M
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#

O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$S

]
T1R









]




C`Q


]


]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





M=#Y:2$].1U!)3B!)3D



]
T1R


]
T1T97AT/BTM
3(M





]
M


]


]



]

]





@

]
T1N=6UP/C
W






]

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W96(P
M-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP



M='`M97%U:78]

]





]



]



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3



2PT-#0L
C$V/'-P86X^

]
T1N

V.2PW




M-PW-S4L-3(V(&%N9`D
BPS
C
L.3(P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#@Q+#
Q


]

]
T1N=6UP/C8L-SDX+#
U-CQS


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]


]
T1N=6UP/C
W.2PV
M
S

M=&]P/D%L;&]W86YC92!R96-E:79A8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


RPQ
38L


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
P+#0W


]
T1N=6UP/C@P




L

M;7`^
2PU-#4L-3

]
T1P





]







M92!O9B!L86YD('5S92!R:6=H='



]
T1N=6UP/C@V+#4P




86YD('5S92!R:6=H='
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



T1T;W`^1&5F




M9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S







]
T1N=6UP/C$Q-2PV-3


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(Q.2PS
S
L








]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#`Q-BPT







M9VX]




L

M;7`^
3(L-3DV+#8U

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/CDL.3






BPX



]
T1N=6UP






]

]


]

]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/CDW+#(V
2PS




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
M





#`@875T:&]R:7IE9#L@-#`L

B!A;F0@-#`L
S4U+#4P
M
B!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
M
#$Q.R`S-RPR
#DL





T1T;W`^4F5T86EN960@96%R;FEN9W
\+W1D/@T*

C
T+#(P


]

@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
M

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@


]
T1N=6UP/C4T
M-BPU-C$L-#




]

]
T1N=6UP/C@W-BPQ



M

]

]
T1N=6UP/C4T-RPT





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PR
3@L-C
T+#DP
SQS


V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A7V9F9F0S.3`S-SDW90T*



]

M:60]

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



M=&]P/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4L(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F
M=6P@86-C;W5N='



]

M=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D






M(#`N





]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#




C`Y+#


]
T1R;SX-



]







]

@04Y$($-/





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1R

C`L


M(&]F('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#0X
M-BPR



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$U
2PS





]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S.PX



]


]
T1N=6T^*#
W+#4U

S



]

]
T1N=6T^*#0Y-2PX
M

M;3XH-C



2PV
30L

2PP
34L-S@P/'-P

]


]





BPS.#$L




]
M






M;F5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S

]
T1N=6T^


3`L


]



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V]V97)N;65N=!S=6)S:61I97
\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C
L.3
S+#@R
M

M86QI9VX]

]






]
T1N=6T^*#$W+#
X



#(S+#`W
M


]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#8U.PV
C

]
T1N=6T^
M*#0L
C




]
T1N=6UP/C4X




]
T1R;W4^

#8X+#8W-SQS




]
T1N=6UP


S@L
C






]
T1N=6T^*#
S+#

]
T1R974^


RPS

3`L-C
X+#(S

]


]
T1N=6UP/C0U+#8R-BPS
3



]



]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@

]



]



]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XQ

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C
W
M+#(W






]
T1N=6UP/C




M-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP


M(&-O;G1E;G0]



M1'1H/E1R96%S=7)Y('-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
CDV+#@T
BPX-38\

M(#
T+#8V

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38V+#$V.2PY


2PV.3DL


M)`Q.PY


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#8V
BPS















3


3


]


]
T1T

]










RPY-3(\












]

]
T1P

]
M





M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]


]


]

S@L
M
C




]
T1N=6UP/C
W




]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#4W-RPQ-3



M86QI9VX]

S$L(#(P
3`\


M
S@L














]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T



]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T









]
M


]

]


]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-H





]

]
T1N=6UP/C8V+#


#QS

]
T1N=6UP/C8V
M+#
U









C
L
3



]


]



34L
#



]
T1N=6UP/C8T+#(R

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#
V

RPS


C
L
S(W
M+#DP

M86QI9VX]

M;7`^-SDY+#8X


]


]
T1T97AT

]



]






]
T1N=6UP/C(S.2PS

M1&YU;7`^
C
T+#(P







@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#
U-2PU




]
T1R

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

















]


]




]


]





]
M
T1N=6UP/C


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#
L
#DT+#4W
BD\



]



]

3$U+#$W.3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C0T


2PQ
S0\









]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96
N(#



#8S+#DY










C`Y+#


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V5B
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F
M9#
Y
#

O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

241!5$5$(%-4051%
M345.5%

^
3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@

34L

34L
#
R






]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#




T1T;W`^06UO








]



M


2PV
30L

2PP



L
M


]

]





]



T1T;W`^

@86YD(&QI86)I



]
T1N=6T^*#@L

S`T*3QS

]

M;3XH


M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.3




C0L-S8R/'-P



]







]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#$U
M


]













]

]
T1N=6T^*#


BPR-S@\


]





]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C0W




M97

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M.#


T1T;W`^5&%X97


]
T1N=6UP/C$S

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-C0L-C


]

]
M
T1N=6T^*#(L-C



]
T1R93X-



38L.#(X/'-P

L


]










BPS
3



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#@Y
M-2PQ


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


C`I/'-P




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#0Q-BPY-S0I/'-P

38L
M-3`T+#@Q

M/3-$;G5M/B@Q

T1T;W`^061D:71I;VYS('1O(&QA;F0@=7-E(')I


M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
RPR.#(L



]



]



C

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#4S,PV






]




M/B@Q


]



M;FL@;F]T97


]
T1N=6UP/C$T-2PT-SDL


BPQ.3DL
3



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9',@9G)O
M;2!S:&]R=UT97)M(&QO86YS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

S8T+#DY


]
T1R

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
#
L




]
T1N=6UP/C8V+#8X
M


@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M(&QO86YS/]T9#X-B`@

34L
S@R+#$T
2D\

M

M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6T^






]


]

]
T1N
M=6T^*#(L.#$R+#
R

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
RPQ
S$L



T1T;W`^4')O8V5E
M9'

@86YD(&]P=&EO;G
\+W1D/@T*





]

]
T1T97AT


]

M;3XH
3@L





#


3$L
#0Q+#DX
M


]

@;VX@8V%S:#PO

]

#(V+#@S

]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#4Y-BPR
M




34L


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$S-2PX-#4L




]
M


S


M86QI9VX]

@







RPP


C(L
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PW
30L-S
U/'-P


#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
M
#
W.3=E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=E8C`T
V4Y

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\


T0Q


#$R/&)R/CPO


M3DE:051)3TX@04Y$($Y!5%5212!/1B!/4$52051)3TY3/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B
M+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP(%1R86YS:71I;VYA;\O14XB()H='1P


M86PN9'1D(B`M+3X\9&EV/B`\9&EV/CPA+2U3=&%R=$9R86=M96YT+2T^(#QT

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


2X\+W1D/B`\=&0^3U)'04Y)6D%424].



@





@86YD('9E9V5T86)L97



M9'5C='
L('9E9V5T86)L97






M('1O(&EN9'5S=')Y+B!/;B!-87)C:`S,P@

M=7



M;B!I;FET:6%L(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@;V8@
38L
#`P+#`P
!296YM:6YB:2`H
M(E)-0B(I(@D
2PY
S(L


M;B!::&]N9W!I;B!W87


#`@4DU
M(@D
3$U+#DT

M9B!T:&4@=')A;G-F97(@:&%D('1A:V5N('!L86-E(&%T('1H92!B96=I;FYI






@:6YC;W)P;W)A=&5D(&EN('1H

@*)


#`I('1O('1H92!S:&%R96AO



M(&%S(&$@=')A;G-F97(@;V8@96YT:71I97
@=6YD97(@8V]M;6]N(&-O;G1R
M;VPL('=H97)E:6X@2%I&0R!W87


M='EL93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M1D].5#H@



P+`R,#`V+!::&]N9W!I;BP@26YC




M;R`Q



M;B!);F



M:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!&86QC;VXL('=H97)E:6X@1F%L8V]N)B


@8F5C86UE('1H;W-E(&]F(%IH


T0G




M=VX@87

!P
M97(@=6YI=`S+C0U(&UI;&QI;VX@=6YI='




M;V8@)#4N


M;G1S(&]R:6=I;F%L;'D@:7-S=65D(&EN('-U8V@@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@=V5R

RPT
M-3`L

M1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M



C`P-BP@6FAO;F=P:6X@26YC+B`H=&AE




#`L
#`P+#`P


M='

M:&%R97







M








RPY
#@L

M
#`L

@;V8@
M8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('1O(#
L-#4P+#`P





'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($-/3$]2.B!B;&%C:SL@5D525$E#04PM04Q)


M/B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&3TY4+5=%



3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M/CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

'!T





+4%

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P


M+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR


3U(Z(&)L86-K

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R
M.R!724142#H@,3$E.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!T
M;W`G/B!04D,O075G+B`Q,2P@,C`P-#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=72414
M2#H@,24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C
M96YT97([(%=)1%1(.B`Q-4G/C4L
#8P+#`P
!234(\8G(@+SX@*0V
3$L
M
3$Q*3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
24[($-/3$]2.B!B;&%C

24[($-/3$]2.B!B




M0T%
+4%

M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.


M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR

M;B!&;V]D($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/
M4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.


#`P+#`P
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[


M4E1)0T%
+4%








M(#(Q+`R,#`V/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/C
T+#@P
PP,#`@4DU/&)R(\^(@D-2PP
M.30L-#(R*3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXQ

T0G5$58



M4E1)0T%
+4%





3U(Z(')G
M8B@R
#0L

M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`X+C%P=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!615)424-!

;V=I


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


#`V/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97(G/C$L-3`P+#`P,!234(\8G(@

3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXE/]T9#X@/]T

3U(Z('=H:71E.R!615)4


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z



M0T]

#`V/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97(G/C$U+#`P,PP






24=..B!C96YT97(G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9#XF



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\=&0@


@1&5V96QO

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


#`V/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97(G/C4L,#`P+#`P,!234(\8G(@

3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXE/]T9#X@/]T

3U(Z('=H:71E.R!615)4


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z


M='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

3@L(#(P




#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA


M24=..B!C96YT97([(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


M1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I.R!615)424-!

M:&5N9R!::&]N9W!I;B!&;V]D($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($-/3$]2.B!B;&%C:SL@5D525$E#04PM

#`P
M+#`P



M4CH@=VAI=&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M



M+4%

T0G

C`T*3L@5D525$E#04PM

24=..B!L969T
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B!4:6%N:FEN(%IH

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M


#`W/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97(G/C$P,PP
#`L
#`P

M3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXQ
#`\+W1D



+4%




M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TX+C%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`X+C%P=#L@0T]

T0G0T]


PP,#`@4DU/&)R
M(\^(@D

M0T]





24=.
M.B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
M

M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%



M9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR


M96
N(#(V+`R,#`X/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/C$P+#`P
PP,#`@4DU/&)R(\^(@D
M
2PT-C$L-SDV*3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXQ

T0G


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%





3U(Z
M(')G8B@R
#0L

M+C%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`X+C%P=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!615)4

3(L
M(#(P


T0G0T]









M


T0G0T]





6QE


24=..B!C96YT97([($-/3$]2.B!B;&%C:SL@5D525$E#04PM

34L
#`P
M+#`P
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M




24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0041$
M24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N

24=.

+4%


M+4%


M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M.XQ

L(#(P
3$\+W1D/B`\=&0^)FYB


M;&4]
T0G0T]

T0G

M

M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N,7!T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N,7!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX@




M15A4+4%

M

C`T*3L@5D525$E#

24=..B!L
M969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M;B!::&]N9W!I;B!&;V]D($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%



#`L
#`P(%)-


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/C$P
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B4\+W1D


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TX+C%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494






M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

1494.B`X+C%P=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K

M8V5N=&5R.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
M
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B!(2R]3
M97!T+B`Q
2P@
C`Q
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([

#`P+#`P
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#
M3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXQ
#`\+W1D



+4%








M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/C$L
#`P+#`P
!2
M34(\8G(@+SX@*0Q-3@L-S`P*3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@
M8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L
M969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXQ
#`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0T],3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXE/]T


@3F5W(%)O


V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A7V9F9F0S.3`S



]
T1R



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M34U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4R!;06)S


]

24

(#$N


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!615)424-!



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


M



@
M:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='
@;V8@6FAO;F=P:6X@26YC+B!A;F0@:71S





@;V8@



M1D].5#H@


M97



M;W)I=&%T:79E('!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G0@:7-S=65D(&)Y('1H92!&:6YA;F-I
M86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'




M:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@





'!T




3!P

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/G1H870@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF
M(S
Y.W



M97



N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY('5S
M97




M5#H@

@

M)B
S.3MS($)A;FL@;V8@0VAI;F$@87


N($=A:6YS(&]R





24=..B!L969T
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




@8V]U;&0@9&EF

T0G5$58


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M



M;VX@;V8@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M=6UP=&EO;G






T0G


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

@9V5N97)A=&5D(&9R;VT@=&AE('-A;&5S


@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H('!R

M86YG96UE;G1S+!A;F0@=&AE(&-O;&QE8W1A8FEL:71Y(&]F('1H97-E('-A
M;&5S(&ES(')E87-O;F%B;'D@87-S=7)E9X@4VEN8V4@=&AE('!R;V1U8W1S




@



24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@




'!T









M86-C;W5N='






M:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


'!T



@

M87





M=6YT(&]F('-U8V@@9&5P;W-I='
N($%S('-U8V@@9&5P;W-I='
@;6%Y(&YO
M=!B92!W:71H9')A=VX@8GD@2&5N86X@6FAO;F=P:6X@=VET:&]U=!R97-T


24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M

@4F5C96EV


'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







L
M(&%T(&$@;&]W97(@8V]S=!C;VUP87)E9!T;R!T:&4@9F%C92!V86QU92!O








@
M87

M9GD[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M




M:7




@8W5S=&]M97)S(&EN(&%C


M9P@=&AE(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@:7,@=W)I='1E;B!O9F8@86=A:6YS=!T:&4@

M:70@=&5R;7





@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#



T0G5TE$5$@Z(#@P)3L@0D]21$52
M+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M0T%
+4%

M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T)R!N;W=R
M87`]

M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R)R!C

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(\



M5%1/33H@
7!T)R!N;W=R87`]


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P






C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I

M:'0[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
4G/C(L,S(S+#DR,#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@,24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S



M
3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


24=..B!L

T0G0D%#2T=23U5.

C`T*3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN)SX@17AC:&%N9V4@9&EF
M9F5R96YC93PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%





M(')I9VAT)SX@*#DY+#(T-#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@



1494.B`R


M5%1/33H@




T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

24=..B!L969T
M)SX@)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R
M+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
BPS
C


M






M5#H@

@









@

M




&EN.R!-05)'24XZ








'0@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([(%=)1%1(.B`S
R4G(&YO=W)A





M5#H@





6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,&EN)SXF;F)S<#L\+W1D/B`\=&0@
M<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G



M)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;B<^5F5H:6-L97
\+W1D




'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M




N(%=H96X@








'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M92!#;VUP86YY)B




M1$5.5#H@



M3CH@





@



&EN

M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@;&]N











'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T





M97





S.3MS($)A;FL@;V8@0VAI;F$N(%1H92!C=7)R


'!T(#!P





'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;G-I;VX@8F5N969I='
L(&UE9&EC86P@8V%R92P@=6YE;7!L;WEM96YT(&EN

M960@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S+B!#:&EN97-E(&QA8F]R(')E9W5L871I;VYS(')E


@)#(L
C`V+#@Y






@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN('-E

@87

M5&EM97

'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M


24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M


RPT

RPT.#0L
3(V

C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M($U!4D=)3CH@


&EN.R!-05)'24XZ



'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




N(%1H92!O=71P=70@5D%4(&ES(&-H87)G960@=&\@






L





M;&4]

24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@


@9F]R(&5A8V@@;V8@:71S('-U8G-I






@=W)I='1E;B!O






M96-O;F]M:6







M5&EM97

M(&-O;F1I=&EO;G


I('1H

M(S
Y.W
@97-T:6UA=&5D(')E;6%I;FEN9R!E8V]N;VUI8R!L:69E(&]R(&0I


@.3`E




@8V]M




T0G
M0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

2!I;G-T<G5M96YT<R!O9B!T:&4@0V]M






M($U!4D=)3CH@



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@



M;'5D92!D:6QU=&EO;B!A;F0@:7



@


M;VYS(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#

#`P
M(&]P=&EO;G










M3CH@









@





'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M




&EN


M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q+`R
M,#$R+`R


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






@:6X@
M=&AE(%!20RP@86QL(&]F('1H92!S=6)S:61I87)I97
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A




3`E(&]F(&ET


M86QA;F-E(')E86-H97


M;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+`R
#$Q(&%N

M97
@=V5R92`D-XV(&UI;&QI;VXL(0W+C$@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#8N-!M
M:6QL:6]N+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R
M(&%N9`R


M14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G


@3F5W






@;V8@

M;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&ES(&-O;7!R:7-E9!O9B!N970@:6YC;VUE(&%N9!A

F(S



M:6)U=&EO;G





24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




M:71I97

@:6X@=&AE(&9I;F%N

&EN.R!-05)'



'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SY::&]N9W!I;B!);F


@;V8@=&AE(%-T871E(&]F($1E
M;&%W87)E(&]N($9E8G)U87)Y(#0L(#(P
#
@86YD(&ES('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@
M9F5D97)A;!I;F-O;64@=&%X(&%N9!$96QA=V%R92!S=&%T92!I;F-O;64@
M=&%X+B!&86QC;VX@3&EN:R!W87
@97-T86)L:7-H960@=6YD97(@=&AE(&QA
M=W


2P@
M
C`P-2!A;F0@:7



T0G0T]
M3U(Z(&)L86-K)SYW87
@97-T86)L:7-H960@=6YD97(@=&AE(&QA=W
@;V8@

2P@
C`Q
BP@86YD(&ES('-U8FIE
M8W0@=&\@2&]N9R!+;VYG('!R;V9I='
@=&%X(&]F(#$V+C4E+B!4:&4@0V]M


L('=H:6-H(&%R92!A;&P@



@82!U;FEF;W)M('-T





@:6X@0VAI

M;64@8F5F;W)E(&EN8V]M92!T87@@:7





24=..B!L969T.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M9R!+;VYG(&ES('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@2&]N9R!+;VYG('!R;V9I='
@=&%X(&]F





M86QI9VX]

M8V5N=&5R.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N







T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B!::'5M861I



+4%
24=..B!T;W`G

T0G0T]



'!T.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@



T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0G0T]


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN)SY





+4%

M;&4]
T0G0T]



'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M

\



'!T.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@



T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ



+4%

T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&3TY4+5-)

:6UI=&5D


M0T%
+4%

T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN)SY%250@17AE;7!T:6]N(&9O

\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@4$%$1$E.
M1RU
1494.B`X+C%P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TX+C%P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

M=7)E(&%N9!!;FEM86P@2'5S8F%N9')Y($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,&EN.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`R-24\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
M1494.B`X+C%P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TX+C%P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

'!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@+3@N

M


M.B`Q
'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M($9O;V0@3&]G:7-T:6-S($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M($1E=F5L;W!M96YT($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M
3!P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`X+C%P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TX+C%P

M8F%N9')Y($EN9'5S=')Y($1E=F5L;W!M96YT($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0G0T]


M


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0G0T]


T0G5D52



6QE/3-$)U9%
M4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!T;W`G/B`\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T


M.B`P:6XG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@





24=..B!L969T.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@

!B96YE9FET(&9R;VT@86X@=6YC97)T86EN


M871E;65N='



M+4E.1$5.5#H@



M5#H@


T0G


24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





&EN.R!-












M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

3!P





M.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP

M;G1E;G0]


M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^24Y614Y43U))15
6QE







T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#`N-6EN)SXS+CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I



2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!C

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M24142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@
M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M+4%





M
CXR




CXR
#$Q

M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%







M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M-BPP-C8L




M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%




3D\+W1D


3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
M

3U(Z(&)L86-K)SY7;W)K+6EN+7!R


L.34U+#$V.3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%



M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.



M


T0G

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M+4%


M+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`D/]T9#X@/'1D('-T





@

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A7V9F






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

12!;06)S=')A


]







'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$@
M:7
@87

M:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@







T0G4$%$1$E.




24=..B!C96YT97(G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%





CXR

M=#L@0T]

3U(Z

M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@8FQA8VLG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P

T0G



M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G


U+#$V-BPU


+4%
24=.






+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@,&EN.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B!4;W1A;#PO=&0^(#QT9!S


M:'0G/B`S
BPW


P+#0W






M97

#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R





@3F5W














Y.W
@96YT:7)E(%9!



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L







M8F%L86YC92!O9B`D
2PP


@:6X@
C`Q


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M15A4+4%


V4Y7S(V.#5?





]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\



]
T1R




24

M1%1$(%A(5$U
(#$N

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M+4%

T0G






M




M(#%P=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)R!N;W=R87`]



M/3-$-B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^070@1&5C96UB97(@



M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG


C`T*3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@-S0E.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B!0;&%N='
@86YD

M


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!724142#H@
3`E)SXS-C@L
#`S+#(V
SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B0\


R-BPR-30L





C`R+#0T
CPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


3
V+#


M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L





\+W1D/B`\=&0^)FYB
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P




M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

M1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@0T]
3U(Z(&)L



T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M-2PS.#(L







T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@







24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
S4N


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@
M86YD(#(P
3`@=V5R92`D
C
L
S8T+#`W.P@)#$W+#0Q-2PP-CD@86YD(0Q
M
RPV
3

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
S4N-'!T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P




M



24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@

M92!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@-S`E.R!3U)$15(M0T]
3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@





M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





CXR
#$Q



3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
C4U

\+W1D/B`\


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E)SXD/]T9#X@/'1D('-T






M1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I.R!615)424-!

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M4E1)0T%
+4%


M+#0Q-#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF;F)S



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M
7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B!!8V-U;75L



24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T)SXF





M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!T)SXI/]T



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@8FQA8VL@

24=..B!L969T)SX@)#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D
M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@+3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@





M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M+#
W-2PQ-S
@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P


2PS-S(L

#$R.R`D
2PU
3



'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M5&EM97



Y.W




Y.W
@97-T:6UA

@97-T:6UA



@;F\@:6YT96YT:6]N('1O('-E;&P@=&AE(&9A


M=&5D+B!&;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+`R
M





T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M7S=E8C`T
V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A7V9F9F0S.3`S-SDW90T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]

24

(#$N


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



05!3


M9VX]


M;&4]






M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@





T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E)SXD/]T

3`E
M)SXQ
#(L.3$X+#
U.#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L
M969T.R!724142#H@

M1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!W:&ET93L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN)SX@06-C=6UU;&%T960@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

7!T)SXF

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%






T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

M.R!415A4+4%





T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

M8FQE.R!415A4+4%

M5&EM97



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P
3`@=V5R92`D

2PT
C(L

M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP



M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]

24

(#$N


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!615)4

M



T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P




M24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@1D].5#H@

'!T




M


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C
M96YT97(G(&-O;'-P86X]

M
2P@
C`Q
3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T
M)R!N;W=R87`]

M/3-$)U9%4E1)0T%
+4%


M

M;&4]

C`T*3L@5D52

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3`N
6EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#`N
M
6EN.R!724142#H@-30E.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=.

M.B`Q)3L@0T]

T0G

C`Q
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=724142#H@



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24[($-/3$]2

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$R
M)3L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SX@.#@V+#
V
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@


3U(Z




M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B!*86YU87)Y(#(P

T0G
M0T]


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXY
C8L.3


+4%

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TP+C%I;CL@4$%$
M1$E.1RU,1494.B`P+C%I;CL@0T],3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



T0G0T]

M


T0G0T]


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA
M8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXS


3U(Z('=H:71E.R!6

M


M8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@0T]

3U(Z(&)L86-K


M1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S


M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TP+C%I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`P+C%I;CL@0T]
3U(Z

6QE/3-$




T0G0T]



3
\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0T]

M


BPR
6QE/3-$)T-/

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/C$L
#8U+#0R
M
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR


6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/C
W-2PV



3U(Z



M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T],3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX@07!R:6P@
C`Q
SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#
M3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXT
BPX-C@L
6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2.B!B;&%C


3PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P

M9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR













M
3

T0G0T]





M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L

M;&5F=#L@0T]

M;&4]

C`T*3L@5D52

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3`N
M
6EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#`N
6EN.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)
M0T%
+4%






3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXF

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B`F

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SX@
M-#8L
3

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M.B`R+C5P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TP+C%I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`P
M+C%I;CL@0T]



M4BU3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SX@)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B`X-BPU

M0D]45$]-.B`R+C5P=#L@0T]


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

M15A4+4%




'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@96YD
M960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@

@)#`@86YD(0S-30L-S$Y+!R97-P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M3U`Z(#!P=#L@1D].5#H@

M97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

M0T%
+4%

6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`P+C(U:6XG/B@Q*3PO=&0^







M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V5B
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
M
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#









M2R!

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]












M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
XU:6XG/C@N/]T9#X@/'1D('-T



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M5#H@


M(&%R92!D=64@=VET:&EN(&]N92!Y96%R+B!/9B!T:&4\+V9O;G0^(#QF;VYT



T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K
M)SXD
3$V+C$\+V9O;G0^(&UI;&QI;VX@=V5R92!G=6%R86YT965D(&)Y('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)B

@

M;7!A;GDF(S
Y.W


@1W)O=7`@0V\N






M
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#

O
M4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]


]

]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M
M+R]7
T
O+T141!82%1-3`Q+C`@5')A;G-I=&EO;F%L+R]%3B(@(FAT='`Z

N;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!J=7-T:69Y)SY
3TY'+51%4DT@
M0D%.2R!


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T(#!P


M($%M;W5N='

Y.W
@
M;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0@87)R86YG96UE;G1S(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R
M,#$R(&%N9`R



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%


T0R(&YO

2P@
C`Q
3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD)R!N;W=R87`]


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\=&0^



M






M:'0[(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SX@
C0L-C4Y+#DS
CPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24[($-/



M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXF



S-CPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXX

+4%

T0G

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE




M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TP+C%I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494
M.B`P+C%I;CL@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SX@0VAI;F$@365R8VAA;G1S($)A;FL\

T0G0T]




3$L.3
R+#(R-3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K


M0T%
+4%


M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T],3U(Z
M(&)L86-K)SXS.PQ.#
L
6QE




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P
M=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TP+C%I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`P+C%I;CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SX@0VAA;F=G92!/;&0@5&]W;CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P





M86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K



3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L
M969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B`F;F)S



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3`N
M
6EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#`N
6EN.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B!4;W1A




BPQ.#

T0G4$%$1$E.

M5$]-.B`R+C5P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TP+C%I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494
M.B`P+C%I;CL@0T]


T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M8FQA8VL@

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z
M(&)L86-K)SX@


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ
M(#(N-7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@0T]

C8Q+#
S
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
BXU





3(L

M

2P@
C`Q
BP@0VAA;F=C:'5N(%IH;VYG


M

!M:6QL
M:6]N(@D
S@N

M='

M96X@07!R:6P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@36%Y(#(P

@=6YD97(@
M=&AE(&QO86X@86=R965M96YT(&%R92!G=6%R86YT965D(&)Y($AE;F%N(%IH

M



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M5#H@















'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

C`Q
BP@2&5N86X@6FAO;F=P
M:6X@96YT97)E9!I;G1O(&$@;&]A;B!A9W)E96UE;G0@=VET:!#:&EN82!#
M;VYS=')U8W1I;VX@0F%N:R!P=7)S=6%N=!T;R!W:&EC:!(96YA;B!::&]N
M9W!I;B!B;W)R;W=E9!234(@-3`@;6EL;&EO;B`H)#@N,!M:6QL:6]N*2X@
M06QL(&%M;W5N='


@8F%S

M(S
Y.W
@0F%N:R!O9B!#:&EN82!F;W(@;&]A;G

M97(@86YN=6T@;VX@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(&%D:G5S=&%B;&4@

S.3MS


30N($)O


M(&)Y('1H92!L86YD('5S92!R:6=H='




M=6YE(#(P





Q





M5#H@


M









@
M;VX@=&AE(&1R87=D;W=N(&1A=&4@*#8N


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@861J=7-T86)L92!I;B!T:&4@;6]N=&@@:6UM
M961I871E;'D@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1H92!P=6)L:7-H:6YG(&]F(')A=&4@861J
M=7-T;65N='
@8GD@=&AE(%!E;W!L928C








M





2P@
C`Q


@3F5W



M('1O(%)-0B`S

M6FAO;F=P:6X@9')E=R!D;W=N(%)-0B`U
!M:6QL:6]N(@D.XP(&UI;&QI
M;VXI(&EN($IU;'D@,C`Q,P@4DU(#@P(&UI;&QI;VX@*0Q
BXW(&UI;&QI
M;VXI(&EN($YO=F5M8F5R(#(P
3`@86YD(%)-0B`Q
3`@;6EL;&EO;B`H)#$W
M+C4@;6EL;&EO;BD@:6X@36%Y(#(P

@=6YD97(@=&AE

M:6=H='


2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE('1O=&%L(&]U='-T86YD



@

M;&4F(S
Y.W
@0F%N:R!O9B!#:&EN82!F;W(@;&]A;G

M)2!P97(@86YN=6T@;VX@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(&%D:G5S=&%B

M;&ES:&EN9R!O9B!R871E(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S(&)Y('1H92!096]P;&4F(S
Y
M.W





'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M




M960@8GD@=&AE(%!E;W!L928C







@3F5W(%)O


M($-H86YG9V4@3VQD(%1O=VXL($-H86YG9V4@3VQD(%1O=VX@97AT96YD960@

M=6YT(&]F(%)-0B`Q
XR(&UI;&QI;VX@*0Q+C8@;6EL;&EO;BD@86YD(&)E


C`Q



M;W5L9!B92!R97!A:60@8GD@2&5N86X@6FAO;F=P:6X@=7!O;B!S:7@@;6]N
M=&AS('!R:6]R('=R:71T96X@;F]T:6-E(&9R;VT@0VAA;F=G92!/;&0@5&]W
M;BX@5&AE(&9U;&P@86UO=6YT(&]F('1H92!L;V%N(')E;6%I;F5D(&]U='-T
M86YD:6YG(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

M



M:R!O9B!#:&EN82!P=7)S=6%N=!T;R!W:&EC:!(96YA;B!::&]N9W!I;B!B
M;W)R;W=E9!234(@-3,@;6EL;&EO;B`H)#@N-!M:6QL:6]N*2X@06QL(&%M
M;W5N='


@8F%S960@;VX@

Y.W
@
M0F%N:R!O9B!#:&EN82!F;W(@;&]A;G

M=6T@;VX@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(&%D:G5S=&%B;&4@:6X@=&AE

M9B!R871E(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S(&)Y('1H92!096]P;&4F(S
Y.W
@0F%N:R!O




T0G5$58

M5&EM97



2!M





M93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M5#H@








C`Q








S.3MS($)A;FL@;V8@0VAI;F$@9F]R(&QO86YS('=I=&@@

M92`H-BXT




S.3MS($)A;FL@;V8@0VAI;F$@9'5R:6YG('1H92!T97)M(&]F('1H



M1$5.5#H@



BPU
#0L.38Y(&9R;VT@







M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M($U!4D=)3CH@


@=&AE



T0G5TE$
M5$@Z(#@P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@
3!P

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M92!Y96%R(&]F+#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%


M+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR

M
C`Q
SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B0\


M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M4CH@=VAI=&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.
M1RU
1494.B`P+C(U:6XG/B`R

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#`N







M4CH@=VAI=&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU,1494.B`P+C(U:6XG/B!4;W1A;!L





+4%

T0G


M:60[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@*#4R+#$X


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P








2P@
C`Q
M
BP@)#$P.2PQ-#`L





@3F5W(%)O;6%N

2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q

M;FL@;&]A;G
@;V8@)#
T+#(Q
RPP

S0L
C$S+#`P-P@)#(S+#$Y
M,PQ
#

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0Q
#`E



M860S85]F9F9D
SDP

T0G=&5X




M



]


]
M

]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$
M3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T
O+T141!82%1-3`Q+C`@5')A

N;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL
2]$

M+W1D/B`\=&0^24Y#3TU%(%1!6#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#QP('-T



M3CH@


M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+`R

M1$5.5#H@





T0G


+4%


C`Q
CPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@



CXR




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%

M;F-O;64@:6X@0VAI;F$M8F%S960@96YT:71I97

M


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!724142#H@.24G/C4U+#




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E)SXD/]T





M

M4E1)0T%
+4%


M+4%



T0G





@:6X@=&AE(%4N






M9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%






M:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`D/]T9#X@/'1D




RPP-S

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T





#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G4$%$

M/3-$)U9%4E1)0T%
+4%


C`Q
CPO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@



CXR

+4%

T0G


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%







+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\


M2#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L
M969T.R!724142#H@






T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$E)SXF;F)S


M24142#H@.24G/C0L
C8P+#`X-#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@

M='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I.R!6

M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF


M9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L







6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE

T0G
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)

M;&4]
6QE/3-$)U1%

M1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I.R!615)424-!


T0G5$58





M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





24=.




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%










M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%





M)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

M(#(N-7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M;&4]





T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

24=..B!R:6=H



M:'0G/B`T+#(S
RPU



S4N-'!T.R!-








@9F]R(&9I;F%N8VEA

M8FEL:71I97
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

7!T)R!N;W=R87`]
M



Q+#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


M

M+4%





B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M(#(P


M+4%


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%





6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXV-3
L

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%=)1%1(

M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L


M/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M+4%





M)SX@5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T



M:60[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@+3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@




24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN)SY#


#`L




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\


M9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%


M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!W:&ET93L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M.3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
M





T0G4$%$



M(9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C






M;&4]













T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%





T0G0D%#2T=23U5.

C`T*3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O




T0G5$58

M)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@8FQA8VL@


M-#

M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@





M97

B
M*2!O9B`D
C
L.#`X+#0U
R!A;F0@)#$X+#(U
2PX-3$@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P

M(%4N4RX@=&%X(&QA=W

@8V%N(&)E

@8V]U;&0@8F4@)#@L

@:7
@9&5P96YD96YT('5P;VX@9G5T






24=..B!C96YT97([(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=6)S:61I87)I97

#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%5N9&5R('1H
M92!04D
@=&%X(&QA=W

@8V%N(&)E



2P@
C`Q


@=V%S('!R;W9I9&5D(&%G


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M5&EM97

M4D

2P@
C`P










3`P)3L@0D]2
M1$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG






M5%1/33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P


M0T%
+4%








3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q)2<^)FYB





M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E)SXE/]T9#X@/'1D






M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SXH
C`N
SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%





3@N
SPO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXI)3PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT

C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z







M(')I9VAT)SX@


T0G










M.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@







T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M7S=E8C`T
V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A7V9F9F0S.3`S-SDW90T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

]
T1T



T1T;W`^



T1T;W`^15%52519(%12




M+T141]X:'1M;#$M=')A;G-I=&EO;F%L+F1T9(@+2T^/&1I=CX@/&1I=CX\




'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

@:6X@
C`Q












M;&4]

M


@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%N9!R96-E:79E9!A

M5&EM97



M:&%R97





M3CH@








M
#`L




M



S






M97


S.3MS(&-O


T
B!S
M:&%R97


S-P=#L@34%21TE.

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

@04Y$($]05$E/3E


]




M;6PQ+T141]X:'1M;#$M=')A;G-I=&EO;F%L+F1T9(@+2T^/&1I=CX@/&1I






'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;&4]

M+C5I;CL@1D].5#H@



P+`R,#`V+!T:&4@0V]M


M
#`W('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B





M9'


M(S
Y.W


@87!P




&EN

M
#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I


@









34N


Y.W
@





'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M3CH@


M:6P@
C0L(#(P


@


M92!#;VUP86YY)B
S.3MS(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!W:71H(&%N(&5X97)C:7-E

M:6YG('!R:6-E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
S.3MS(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!O





'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M97





'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P


RPP
M

S.3MS(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!W

M=6%L('1O('1H92!C;&]S:6YG('!R:6-E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
S.3MS




S@N-C5P=#L@34%21TE.

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

@3F5W


@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GDF(S
Y.W


M8V4@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S
Y.W




'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97





@=&AE




@;V8@97-T:6UA=&EN






U

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M

M+4%

T0G4$%$



@16YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(@

M+4%



M8V5N=&5R.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^
C`Q
3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

#$P

3U(Z(')G
M8B@R
#0L


M5TE$5$@Z(#$E)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^(9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S












M
C`T+#(U-2PR

T1N;W=R87`^
2XQ-2TQ+C
T)3PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M8V5N=&5R)R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^,2XS,TQ+C0R)3PO=&0^(#PO='(^


24=..B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M=&5R)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G5$58







N(%1H92!R:7-K+69R964@








M1$5.5#H@





24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@







B!N;W=R
M87`]







B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^






M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`T
4G/B!/
M=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=`Q
B\S
2\Q
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=72414
M2#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L
M969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%



T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$E)SXF




T0G5$58



3U(Z('=H


M


M


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXQ




M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]


+4%

M;&4]








M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF



M1TXZ(')I9VAT)SXR-S0L



M

M9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


T0G5$58


+4%


#`\


M9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B0\+W1D/B`\



M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%




M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF;F)S



M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,&EN
M)SY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=`Q
B\S
2\Q





BXQ
M-CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


BXS.#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T



M3D0M0T]

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





M;&4]


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T












T0G0D%#





M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%







M
T0G0T]

T0G5$58

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/CDN



M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%






M9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



T0G0T]




M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR

M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF;F)S


M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T],3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXR+C,U/]T



24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@0T]
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&IU

Q





24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXQ
BXW
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^




24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
S4N-'!T

3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P
3`@
M=V%S(&YI;P@)#8N,3`L(0U+C0P+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%1H92!T;W1A
M;!I;G1R:6YS:6

@86YD(&]P=&EO;G
@97AE

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P


@3F5W

2P@
C`Q
M
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q
P@=V%S(0T+#(S
PS,#`L(0Q+#0W-PP-3`L
M(0Q+#0X

#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R




#0S93E?
C8X
M-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#

O4VAE970Q.2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]


]


M9VX]



]
T1T
M97AT/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T

N;W)G+U12
M+WAH=&UL




M5#H@

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Z


3`P)3L@
M0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,!N;W=R87`]
M

@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(@


M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P
3(\


M3TTZ(#%P=#L@0T]

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

C`Q
3PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA
M8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M



M3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L


3(N
7!T.R!724142#H@-C0E.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B!.970@:6YC;VUE(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!C;VUM


M;&4]






3U(Z(&)L86-K)SX@-C0L

M-SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
M


M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXU.PR-SDL.38Y/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

3U(Z('=H:71E



24=..B!L





3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
C4U+#(P







M15A4+4%

M


3(N
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]

M+4%


M+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%






M3D0M0T]





M



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



C`T+#(U
M-2PR



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M









M14Y4.B`M
3(N
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#$R+C%P=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L



3U(Z(&)L

T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXF



S@L-3`U+#`R-SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M0T]



3U(Z('=H:71E.R!615)4



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SX@-34L
30P

7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@0T]


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R



3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
C4U+#(P

M1$E.1RU
1494.B`Q

M97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97



M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


X



T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4


M;&4]



M('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(N(#(T

M(&-O;7!U=&%T:6]N(&]F(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W



M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@87
@=&AE(&%V97)A9V4@;6%R:V5T('!R:6-E

M=&EO;G





#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F
M9#
Y
#
W.3=E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=E8C`T
M

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)
M0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP(%1R86YS:71I;VYA;\O14XB()H


M:6]N86PN9'1D(B`M+3X\9&EV/B`\9&EV/CPA+2U3=&%R=$9R86=M96YT+2T^

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X@/'1R('-T

+4%

T0G5TE$
#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE<R!.97<@

T0G



@9&ES8VQO


N($ET(&1O97
@

M8G5T('!R;W9I9&5S(&=U:61A;F-E(&]N(&AO=R!T;R!M96%S=7)E(&9A:7(@



M;&4@86YD('5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='




M




M4D=)3CH@



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M97

M;G!U='


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




&EN.R!-



@

L(&%C8W)U960@
M;&EA8FEL:71I97


@9'5E('1O('1H96ER('-H

M96P@

M)B

M3&5V96P@


M;W5N='

L(&%D=F%N8V4@



'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M






M.B`Y-24[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M5&EM97











T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT
M97(G(&-O;'-P86X]

979E;`S/]T9#X@


T0G5D525$E#04PM



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I.R!615)424-!


24=..B!L
M969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=72414
M2#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L
M969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%


M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXV-PW.#$L
3
W

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT


+4%
24=..B!B


M15A4+4%














M5#H@

M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

@


@870@=&AE(')A=&4@





M.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@





M860S85]F9F9D
SDP

T0G=&5X




M

M


#$R/&)R




T1T;W`^0T]-34E4345.
M5%
@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15








24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@



T0G


S4N




M;G


S.3MS(&)A;FL@;&]A;G
@:6X@86X@86UO=6YT


3








M;VUP86YI97


L

L('1O(&)A;FMS(&%S(&-O


@9V5N97)A;&QY('=I;&P@;&]A;B!U

3`P)2!O9B!T:&4@86UO=6YT(&)E:6YG(&=U87)A;G1E

M5#H@

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Y
M.W

@;VX@




M8V%L(&)A;FMS)B

M86X@6FAO;F=P:6X@:7





2P@
C`Q
BP@2&5N86X@6FAO
M;F=P:6X@:&%D(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&=U87)A;G1E97
@9F]R(0Q.XY(&UI





M('1H:7


@8V]N=&EN=6EN9R!D=64@9&EL:6=E;F-E(&]N

U+CDU




M4D=)3CH@



M(')E;6%I;FEN9R!S:&%R97




C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86YN;W5N8V5D('1H870@:70@







M;V8@=&AE(&-O;F1I=&EO;G





:74L($UR+B!1:6YG
M:&4@5V%N9RP@37(N(%-H=6EC:&D@4VD@86YD($US+B!*=6%N:G5A;B!786YG


M92!R:6=H=!T;R!R96-E:79E(0Q
RXU
!I;B!C87-H+!W:71H;W5T(&EN

3(@86YN;W5N8V5M
M96YT(&]F('1H92!-97)G97(@06=R965M96YT+!O;F4@861D:71I;VYA;!L


M5#H@


L(&%L
M;&5G:6YG('1H870L(&EN=&5R(&%L:6$L('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
S.3MS($)O


M9VAT(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
S.3MS(&EN=')I;G-I8R!V86QU92!A;F0@


T0G5$58

M5&EM97





M:6]N(&EN(&QI9VAT(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
S.3MS(&EN=')I;G-I8R!V




M+4E.1$5.5#H@


M

M;GDF(S
Y.W







M87


SD[
M(&9E97

M;F4@;V8@=&AE(&1E9F5N9&%N='


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M(#(P
3(L(&%F=&5R('1H92!A;FYO=6YC96UE;G0@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF
M(S
Y.W

L

M86QI82P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S
Y.W


@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF
M(S
Y.W

Y.W
@:6YT



M(&%S('=E;&P@87

SD[(&%T=&]R

SD[(&9E97




'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M5#H@

M;VUP86YY(&EN=&5N9'




'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M5#H@

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



N($EF

@8V]N=&EN9V5N

M($-O;7!A;GDF(S
Y.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='



M;F=E;F-I97
L('1O9V5T:&5R('=I=&@@86X@97-T:6UA=&4@;V8@=&AE('!O




3!P


'!T







@;V8@;W!E



M:70@:7



@86YD(&-O;F1I=&EO;G
@;V8@87!P



M=&EO;B!C;&%I;7

@;V8@=&AE

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M15A4+4%
24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!-05)'24XZ



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C`P.2P@/&9O;G0@

T0G0T]



M=6%N=!T;R!W:&EC:!(96YA;B!::&]N9W!I;B!S;VQD('1O($--0B!
96%S



M86QC=6QA=&5D(&%T('1H92!R871E(&]F(#8N


M8F5R(#(P




@9F]R('1H:7
@



V+6UO;G1H(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!T


S.3MS($)A;FL@;V8@0VAI;F$@

N($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#

@)#0R.PS-S(L('=H:6-H(&EN8VQU9&5D(&%N(&EN=&5R97-T(&-O
M;7!O;F5N=!C86QC=6QA=&5D(&%T('1H92!R871E(&]F(#8N


M(&EN($YO=F5M8F5R(#(P


24=..B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/DEN($YO=F5M8F5R(#(P
#DL






M9R!O9B!R871E(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S(&)Y('1H92!096]P;&4F(S
Y.W
@0F%N


#$R+B!(96YA;B!::&]N9W!I



24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


M($U!4D=)3CH@



M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M92!$979E;&]P;65N=!#;RXL($QT9X@9F]R('1H92!O9F9I8V4@:6X@0F5I



C`Q

'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF


M=VAI=&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)

M+4%

3`W+#`S
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO

M
C`T+#(U-2PR



#

M

3



C`Q-CPO=&0^(#QT





M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

T0G4$%$


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\=&0@







M


M;&4]



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V5B
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
M
#

O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

M


#$R/&)R



]


]



M

M5%1/33H@

T0P/B`\


24=..B!L969T.R!72414
M2#H@








@:6YT;R!F



@


L(')E

M:&%I;G





'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97





L(&EN8VQU9&EN



24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z
M(#!P=#L@1D].5#H@

M9CL@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@1D].5#H@
M

M5%1/33H@



T0G5TE$
M5$@Z(#@P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@
3!P

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

+4%



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M(#%P=#L@0T]


M=&]M)SX@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD)SX@

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[

CXR

T0G





M86X]
T0R/C(P









M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%


M93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!W:&ET93L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

24=..B!L969T.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#EP=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#8T)3L@
M0T]






M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF;F)S




M3TQ/4CH@=VAI=&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$
M1$E.1RU

M4')O9'5C='






M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M-34L

24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
34N
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@





M
38N
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M

M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#`N
C5I;CL@0T]
3U(Z









M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

N

@:6X@;6EL;&EO;G


M(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@.#`E.R!3U)$15(M0T]
3$%04T4Z

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

T0P/B`\='(@





3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&3TY4+5=%

M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L


T0R/C(P
3(\





3U(Z

C`Q
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD

M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L


2PT-S
N
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@

T0G5$58

M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@,24G/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@,24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P


M;&5F=#L@0T]


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@0T]
3U(Z





T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T


M(#(N-7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)


M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@




T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

24=..B!R:6=H




24=..B!C96YT
M97([($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@1D].5#H@








'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT


@16YD
M960\8G(@+SX@1&5C96UB97(@

M(#%P=#L@0T]


C`Q
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($-/3$]2.B!B

3U(Z(&)L

7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M


M
CXR




24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!72414

3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXF


3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXQ-3$N
M-#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
M








M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

T0G5$58



24=..B!L
M969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@



C`T

M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M3$5&5#H@
XR-6EN.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B!4;W1A;#PO=&0^(#QT9!S


M:'0G/B`Q-3
N-#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@






M
3`N-SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


'!T(#!P






M+R\O0SHO-V5B
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#
W.3=E+U=O

O4VAE970R
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H



]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^3U!%4D%424Y'(%))4TL\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T
O+T14

N
M;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL

#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


&EN.R!-05)'



M3CH@



@



@8V%S

M:71U=&EO;G

@;6%Y

&EN

M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@








M($-O;7!A;GDF(S
Y.W

@:7
@9&5P96YD96YT(&]N(&=O=F5R


M
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M:6YG/3-$

M2#H@


#0S
M93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#

O4VAE









#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



T1T;W`^4DE32U
@04Y$(%5.0T525$%)3E1)15
\+W1D/@T*



3!P

M33H@

T0P('=I9'1H
M/3-$

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B`\


M93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M5#H@






@



3!P

M33H@

T0P/B`\='(@




M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V5B
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F
M9#
Y
#

O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]




]



]

6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)






M2#H@


3DN

M4R!/1B!42$4@4$%214Y4($-/35!!3ED\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L









L.#$Q+C(@;6EL;&EO;B`H97%U:79A;&5N=!T;R`D
M-C`V+C,@;6EL;&EO;BD@86YD(%)-0B`S+#8Y,BXR(&UI;&QI;VX@*&5Q=6EV
M86QE;G0@=&\@)#4X-BXP(&UI;&QI;VXI(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
M

M5&EM97


M:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


&EN.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P


24=..B!C96YT97([(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M97


M8F]T=&]M)SX@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD

M86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA

T1N
M;W=R87`^1&5C96UB97(@


T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0G4$%$
M1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B9N8G-P.SPO

M;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U14
M3TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L

C`Q
3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G

T0G5$58



M;&4]


+4%

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\








M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN
M.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#`N








3$T+#0S.2PU
C



M;&4]

M;&4]

#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@






M3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR



T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P



M




M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!W:&ET93L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@


#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R
M+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B
M;VQD)SX@)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C
M:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(



T0G0D%#

C`T*3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

&EN)SXF


M





M:'0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


C`T*3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#EP=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G
M/B!#=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M-34L

24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'








M0T]



P+#4U-RPY-30\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U14

+4%
24=.

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`R-W!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(





V-2PT
S8\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O








M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

1494.B`Y

S








M/3-$)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M97




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA
M8VL@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M8FQA8VL@





M5&EM97


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

05!313H@


M='EL93TS1=615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)SX@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!&3TY4+5=%




T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z

M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P

M
T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B9N




24=..B!C96YT97(G(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B9N8G-P

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR


24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@

T0G


C
V+#(U
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L
M969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=72414
M2#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L
M969T.R!724142#H@



\+W1D





M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L



T0G0D%#

C`T*3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

24=..B!L969T.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%






M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L




3U(Z




M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF;F)S





M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%







T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P


M=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B!.970@

M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD)SX@)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

24=..B!L969T.R!&

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B`V-PR

M


M(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z


M;&4]

24=..B!C96YT97([(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


M051%345.5%



M;&4]

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P





M;&4]
T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G

M3CH@8F]T=&]M)SX@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@




C`Q
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4

CXR



M





6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%=)

24=..B!R:6=H
6QE/3-$)U=)



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXH
BPX
M.30L


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%






M960@8GD@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97

T0G




L
C(U+#4X.#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M







24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M96%S92!I;B!C87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G










M

M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@





24=..B!L

T0G0D%#2T=23U5.

M(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M+4%

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN)SX@











M3CH@



&EN.R!-05)'24XZ







M:61I87)I97



#0S93E?
C8X
M-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#

O4VAE970R-BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P






62!&24Y!3D-)04P@
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU4
M3U`Z(#!P=#L@1D].5#H@

M97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

M0T%
+4%


T0G1D].




XU:6X[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M,XU




T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT



S$L(#(P
3(\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O


+4%




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T


M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR



M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF


M1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.


M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M0T%
+4%

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`Q

M(%=)1%1(.B`T




M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E)SXD/]T9#X@/'1D('-T








M



3

@4')O9FET


3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXF





M4CH@8FQA8VLG/C
U+#8R
3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.



M/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%!!1$1)

3



M+4%


M=#L@0T]

T0G5$58




24=.




3
N-7!T

M


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K
M)SXQ

M0T]


3(L



3
N-7!T)SY.970@26YC;VUE












3



M(')I9VAT)SXP+C









6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE

T0G
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M


6QE





M4D=)3CH@



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)


M.B!B;VQD)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^(9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL


M;W=R87`]




T1N
M;W=R87`^(9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-


T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O





T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD)R!C;VQS

B!N;W=R87`]

T0G
M4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G(&YO=W)A

M2%0Z(&)O;&0G(&-O;'-P86X]

3PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(










M

C`T*3L@5D525$E#

24=..B!L
M969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M+4%









3
N
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXT

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%=)1%1(


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
6QE/3-$



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXQ+#0U
M-BPR






M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/C0P+#`S-SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M0T]


M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE


24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0

M(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R


T0G


T0G5$58


M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SXR





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


T0G5TE$5$@Z
M(#$P

M



Q+`R,#$Q/]T

M1TA4.B!B;VQD)R!N;W=R87`]

7!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD)R!N;W=R87`]





M86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(


M.B!B;VQD)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^(9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N



+4%
24=..B!B


M1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I.R!615)424-!

M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@,24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@,24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@,24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXQ
M.PS
C




3DL







M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





T0G

\+W1D/B`\=&0^)FYB


M9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

24=..B!L969T)SXF


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M15A4+4%

2XV-CPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`Q



M9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

24=..B!L969T)SXF


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M15A4+4%

2XV-CPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
M
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#

O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M62!/1B!324=.249)0T%.5!!0T-/54Y424Y'(%!/3$E#2453(A0;VQI8WDI

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M;VYG/E-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%

]

24

(#$N


24=..B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@





'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


@:&%V92!B965N

M;VXN(%1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@=V5R



M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



]


]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T
O

M=S
N;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL





M871E;65N='



M87
@82!C;VUP;VYE;G0@;V8@97%U:71Y(&EN('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@
M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M;F0@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
M

M:'1M;#$O1%1$+WAH=&UL



'!T(#!P



@86YD(%1R


'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G

M9B!#:&EN82P@:7


@=7-E+CPO9F]N=#X@/&9O;G0@






'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@



M;&%T:6]N(&]F(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&9R;VT@4DU(&EN=&\@






M;&4]


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




M='
@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T('1H92!D871E(&]F('1H92!F:6YA;F-I




24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

@



@9F]R(&EN






]

24
@(BTO

(#$N


24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN


M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

3!P

@3F5W(%)O






M;G1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@86YD(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&%R

@=&%X97


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!5
M0DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@,2XP(%1R86YS:71I;VYA;\O14XB




24=..B!L969T.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M97%U:79A;&5N='





]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H
M=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP(%1R86YS:71I;VYA

M


M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@




M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




M87



]


24

M1%1$(%A(5$U
(#$N

24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!-05)'





'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[
M($U!4D=)3CH@





L(&%T(&$@;&]W
M97(@8V]S=!C;VUP87)E9!T;R!T:&4@9F%C92!V86QU92!O9B!T:&4@8F%N


M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU
M:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@





@87


M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L





M5&EM97




L('1H92!#
#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL



@86X@
M86UO=6YT(&5Q=6%L('1O(#4E(&]F('1H92!A9V=R96=A=&4@86UO=6YT(&]F


@






M:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S(&%L;&]W86YC92!A8W1I=FET





M


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C
M96YT97(G(&-O;'-P86X]

M
2P@
C`Q
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T
M)R!N;W=R87`]




+4%

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z



BPS
C



M4D]53D0M0T]

M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G5$58
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
6QE/3-$)U!!1$1)3D<M0D]4

7!T)SXF

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%


M4E1)0T%
+4%


M+#4R-CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@




'!T




T1T
M;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M1D].5#H@


M;&]W+79A;'5E(&-O;G-U;6%B;&5S+!W;W)K+6EN+7!R;V=R97-S+!A;F0@
M9FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'
N($EN=F5N=&]R:65S(&%R92!S=&%T960@870@=&AE




@8V]S

@86QL;V-A=&5D












24

M1%1$(%A(5$U
(#$N





T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%










7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([(%=)1%1(.B`S






M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN)SXF;F)S


M+4E.1$5.5#H@

T0G



'!T.R!415A4+4%



T1N
M;W=R87`^



M



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M5#H@







@3F5W







'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@;V8@;&%N9!O;B!W:&EC:!T


@87)E(&)U:6QT+B!);B!#:&EN82P@

M=&5R;2!O9B`T





M=!L:6YE(&UE=&AO9!O=F5R('1H92!T97)M(&]F('1H92!L86YD('5S92!L


M($U!4D=)3CH@





RYO


M5&EM97




@:7










@3F5W


:79E

]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$
M3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T
O+T141!82%1-3`Q+C`@5')A

N;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL
2]$


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M1$5.5#H@

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97







M1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP(%1R

M1%1$+WAH=&UL


M:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


M;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='

M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

L(&%C8V]U;G1S


M;&]A;G
@87)E(')E87-O;F%B;&4@97-T:6UA=&5S(&]F('1H96ER(&9A:7(@

M:71E;7

M;V)L:6=A=&EO;G



M928C




T0G

M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[
M($U!4D=)3CH@


@;V8@=&AE(%!2



@=V%S


M/3-$=&]P/E-H:7!P:6YG(&%N9!(86YD;&EN9R!#;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M86YD(&AA;F1L:6YG(&9E97

M96YS97
@87




M=RYW




M5&EM97

#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R
#$P+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]P






M






@



M97




M:&%N('1H92!O=71P=70@5D%4+B!4:&4@9&5B:70@8F%L86YC92!R97!R97-E












@9F]L;&]W



M(&1E=&5R;6EN960@=&\@8F4@;F]N+7)E8V]V97)A8FQE(&1U92!T;R!S:6=N


M:71E+6]F9G

M




M

M(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP

M;#$O1%1$+WAH=&UL


M.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


&EN.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P




@870@=&AE(&EN8V5P=&EO;B!D871E





M;F-E(&]F(&%N(&]B;&EG871I;VX@870@=&AE(&EN8V5P=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@

@


2P@
C`Q
BX@1F]R(&EN9F]R

L('!L96%S

M:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@





M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)
M0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP(%1R86YS:71I;VYA;\O14XB()H


M:6]N86PN9'1D(B`M+3X\9&EV/B`\9&EV/CPA+2U3=&%R=$9R86=M96YT+2T^

'!T(#!P






'!X
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M=')U;65N='
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@;W(@*&(I(&QI86)I;&ET:65S('1H

M)B



@9F]R('-T;V-K(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO



M4T















@=&AA=!C;W5L9!S
M:&%R92!I;B!T:&4@96%R;FEN9W

M:79E+B!/9B!T:&4@-S@W+#`P




2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q
!W97)E(#(T,PP

M-RPU-C0@86YD(#$L





M+W=W=RYW







M97














'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)
M3CH@





2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q
!W97)E(0U-S


]

]
T1T97AT
M/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T
O+T141!82%1-3`Q

N;W)G+U12+WAH
M=&UL



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M86YD(')E;&5V86YT(')E9W5L871I;VYS(&EN('1H92!04D




@86YN=6%L(&%F=&5R+71A


2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q

M:6YC;'5D960@:6X@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S
Y.W

M9W
N/]P/B`\(2TM16YD1G)A9VUE;G0M+3X\+V1I=CX@/]D:78^/'-P86X^


T0G

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M





M9VX]

M/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@
M6$A434P@

M9R]44B]X:'1M;#$O1%1$+WAH=&UL


M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@



M

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@34%21TE..B`P

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M('-T871E;65N='








C`P
R!A;F0@:7


#`U







M=&EV92!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P








38N

@82!S=6UM87)Y(&]F

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@

M.B`Q
'!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

3U(Z(&)L


3!P
M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU

M:&]N9W!I;B!&;V]D($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU



2!,:6UI=&5D/]T9#X@/'1D




3!P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494









M
3!P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`X+C%P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TX+C%P




M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU


M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B!B;&%C:SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%
M1E0Z(#@N,7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N,7!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



+4%
24=..B!T
M;W`G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
M(#@N
7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N




T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B!(96YA;B!::&]N
M9W!I;B!&;V]D($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M



@1&5V


'!T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T)SX@


M9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5$58


T0G0T]

M93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5$585U)3D1%

3!P=#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU


M;&4]
T0G0T]


T0G5D525$E#





@82!N970@;W!E








M('1H92!T96-H;FEC86P@;65R:71S(&]F('1H92!P;W-I=&EO;BX@5&AE('1A


M;&EZ960@=7!O;B!U;'1I;6%T92!S971T;&5M96YT+B!3964@3F]T92`Q


M14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@











T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)




]


24

M1%1$(%A(5$U
(#$N















V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A7V9F9F0S.3`S-SDW



]
T1R97!O



M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
CQB

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#DU)3L@0D]2
M1$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$





M13H@

3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&


3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(





M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SXF





24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T.R!724142#H@-3DE.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA
M8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B!(96YA;B!::&]N9W!I;B!);7!O


M)3L@0T]

M2#H@
30E)SXU+#`V
PP,#`@4DU/&)R(\^(@D-C$Q+#$Q
2D\+W1D/B`\

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24[



M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF




T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXF

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!T;W`G/B!04D,O2G5N92`W
M+`R
#`V/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!C96YT97(G/C8P+#`P,PP
#`@4DU/&)R(\^(@D.PU.#4L
M
SDX*3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA
M8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXQ




M0T%
+4%


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0
M041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B!04D
O075G+B`R
2P@
C`P-CPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M8V5N=&5R)SXS-PX
#`L

#DT+#0R
BD\+W1D

T0G0T]










PP,#`@4DU/&)R(\^(@D
3@Y+#8V

T0G0T]





6QE


C`P-CPO


3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXF;F)S



M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!W:&ET93L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N

24=..B!C96YT97([(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G

T0G5$58


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



C`T+#(U-2PR
M


M;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($-/

PP,#`@4DU/&)R(\^(@D-C
R+#(Q

T0G0T]





6QE



M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G
M/B!04D
O2F%N+C$X+`R,#`W/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/C8P+#`P
PP,#`@4DU/&)R


3U(Z('=H:71E.R!6




24=..B!L

T0G0D%#2T=23U5.

C`T*3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%


M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G
M/B!04D
O36%R+B`Q+`R,#`W/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/C8P+#`P
PP,#`@4DU/&)R


3U(Z('=H:71E.R!6



M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/B9N8G-P.SPO



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TX+C%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU,1494.B`X+C%P=#L@0T],3U(Z(&)L86-K
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX@5&EA;FII;B!::&]N9W!I;B!&;V]D
M($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA
M8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R)SXQ,#`L,#`P+#`P,!234(\8G(@+SX@
M*0Q-PV
SDL

M0T]





24=.
M.B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
M

M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([(%9%
M4E1)0T%
+4%



M9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR



M0T]


2PP
#`L




+4%
24=.



M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0
M041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!T;W`G/B!(96YA;B!::&]N9W!I;B!!9W)I8W5L='5R92!A;F0@06YI

M8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B!04D
O1&5C+B`R-BP@
C`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@8V5N=&5R)SXQ,PP
#`L


T0G0T]










T0G0T]


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[
M(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!T;W`G/B!04D,O36%Y(#$R+`R
#$P/]T9#X@
M/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT
M97(G/C$P,PP
#`L


M8FQA8VLG/C$P
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

T0G0D%#

1494.B`X+C%P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SXF

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





T0G0T]


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%
M4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!T;W`G/B!04D,O075G+B`V+`R
#$P/]T9#X@/'1D
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97(G
M/C$W,PP
#`L

6QE

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\







C`T*3L@

M24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
M(#@N
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B!(
M96YA;B!::&]N9W!I;B!8:6YD82!!9W)I8W5L='5R92!A;F0@06YI;6%L($AU

T0G0T]

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!T;W`G
M/B!04D,O2G5N92`Q+`R
#$Q/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97(G/C$U+#`P,PP


M4E1)0T%
+4%


M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T.R!615)4

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z


M
T0G0T]

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N,7!T.R!0041$24Y'
M+4Q%1E0Z(#@N,7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!T
M;W`G/B!04D,O2G5N92`S+`R
#$Q/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97(G/C,P,PP
#`L
#`P(%)-

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M=&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

T0G5$58

M=&5R.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T

M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/B9N8G-P



+4%
24=..B!B

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TX+C%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU,1494.B`X+C%P=#L@0T],3U(Z(&)L
M86-K.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX@5&%N9W-H86X@6FAO;F=P:6X@

M8V5N=&5R.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
M
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B!04D
O
M3F]V+C$U+`R,#$Q/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G/C4L
#`P+#`P
!234(\8G(@+SX@*0W
M.#@L
3DV*3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXQ

T0G5$58



M4E1)0T%
+4%








M8VLG/B0Q+#`P

M0T]





24=.
M.B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
M

M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([(%1%

M0T%
+4%

M/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T




T0G0T]
3U(Z


PP,#`@4DU/&)R(\^(@D
M


3U(Z





'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M=%\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP










M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q



]




M(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP

M;#$O1%1$+WAH=&UL




M1D].5#H@

M3TQ

@3F5W(%)O;6%N








M8F5R(#





M86X]



C`T*3L@

M24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@-S0E)SX@0F5G

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$E)SXF


M.R!724142#H@
3`E)SXR+#
R
RPY

T0G5$58



M4CH@=VAI=&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M




#$\




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@*#(V+#DY-3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R



T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

24=..B!L969T)SX@
M)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P
M=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@-PW-S4L-3(V/]T9#X@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
BXU











7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!C96YT97([(%=)1%1(.B`S






M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M1$5.5#H@

T0G5D52



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!415A4+4%



T1N;W=R
M87`^
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;B<^5F5H:6-L97

T0G


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E







T0G5TE$5$@Z(#DU)3L@0D]2
M1$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$


M+4%



24=.
M.B!C96YT97([(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@5D525$E#



T0G5D525$E#






T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K

M+4%



T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0G0T]



'!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@+3@N

:6UI


M4E1)0T%
+4%

T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K


'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M

\


M;F=C:&5N9R!::&]N9W!I;B!&;V]D($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0G0T]


M.B`Q
'!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
M
7!T)SX@5&EA;FII;B!::&]N9W!I;B!&;V]D($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0G0T]



'!T.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@+3@N


M
'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T0G5D52



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN)SY%250@17AE;7!T:6]N(&9O


M

M($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@

T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K

'!T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#@N
7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3@N
7!T.R!6

:6UI




M


M.B`Q
'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`R-24\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@





'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M


+4%
24=..B!T
M;W`G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@




M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P


2!



'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN)SX@
M

M1$5.5#H@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W96(P
M-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP

M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O




]



M





3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%
M.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X@/'1R

+4%




CXR



CXR


M15A4+4%


T0G5$58




24=..B!R




M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

3U(Z

L.34U+#$V.3PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





7!T)SXF;F)S

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%







M/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M4CH@=VAI=&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M


C(V




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

V4Y







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@

I

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



24

(#$N

M

M1=724142#H@.#`E.R!3U)$15(M0T]

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

M;W=R87`]

M;&4]


M15A4+4%




CXR


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L


24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@

M

BPQ
30\








M+#4W
3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

RPV-#$\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U14




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX@)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I
M9VAT)SX@
S(L-S$Y+#4T
SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U
M7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP

R+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



]





]



]


M;&4]





T0G5D525$E#04PM



M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.


Q+#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


+4%


M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;CTS1#(^
C`Q
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT




+4%

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%=)

24=..B!R:6=H

S8X+#`P
RPR-C

T0G



34V+#(P

M

#4U




3`Q+#DR-SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M;&4]


M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3`L




M5%1/33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX@)FYB


S@R+#$T-CPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%




&EN.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@8FQA8VLG/B!4;W1A;#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@





M
3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@







T1T;W`^4V%L92!
96%S96)A8VL@06=R965M96YT(%M-





M0DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@












T0G



T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

24=..B!C96YT97(G/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([(%!!1$1)



CXR
M


M3TTZ(#%P=#L@0T]

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P
3$\+W1D







T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E)SXD/]T9#X@

3`E)SXQ








+4%

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SY/9F9I8V4@9G5R;FET




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M







M33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%






M3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG
M/B!4;W1A;#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
BXU



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

M+4%



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

V4Y







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@

M;'-P86X]


M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$






M+T141]X:'1M;#$M=')A;G-I=&EO;F%L+F1T9(@+2T^/&1I=CX@/&1I=CX\





M;&4]


M8F]T=&]M)SX@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P




C`Q


M

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR

24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@

T0G




M)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z



M;&4]


M=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX@)FYB








+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\=&0@


M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`D/]T


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M

M33H@





M



M+R\O0SHO-V5B
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#
W.3=E+U=O



T0G




M/3-$



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

]




M;&4]

M2#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@
3!P

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

+4%

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA
M8VL@

M;VYS=')U8W1I;VX@4')O:F5C=#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T)R!N;W=R87`]

+4%





'!T
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)
M3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@1D].5#H@

'!T)SX@4V5R=FEC93QS=7`^*#$I











24=.


M
C`T+#(U-2PR


XQ:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`U-4[($-/3$]2.B!B;&%C



M=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@0T]
3U(Z

M(')I9VAT.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B`X.#8L

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%






3U(Z(&)L

T0G0D%#2T=23U5.

C`T*3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@+3`N
6EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#`N
6EN.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA
M8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%


C`Q
CPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z
6QE/3-$)T-/3$]2

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/C

3U(Z(&)L

T0G0D%#2T=23U5.

M;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`P+C%I;CL@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!615)424-!

6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%,+4%,
M24=..B!T;W`G/B!-87D@,C`Q,CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@
M8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T],3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXM/]T9#X@/'1D('-T






T0G0T]

M;&4]

6QE/3-$)U1%

3U(Z(&)L

T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXF



6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



C`Q
SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXR+#(Q-2PW
3

M

3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXF;F)S




3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TP+C%I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494
M.B`P+C%I;CL@0T]







M3D0M0T]












M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TP+C%I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`P+C%I;CL@0T]



M0T]





3U(Z('=H:71E.R!615)424-!


6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
M24=..B!T;W`G/B!-87D@
C`Q
SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@
M8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L
M969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXT
PX,S@L-S@U/]T





M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P
M=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX@3F]V96UB
M97(@,C`Q,SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,7!T
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$



M.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B`T-BPQ

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L



T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L

M3D0M0T]




M(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R


T0G

M+4%

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3`N
6EN
M.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#`N
6EN.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[(%9%4E1)0T%
M+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B!4;W1A;#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@

M+4%



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU


T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
M

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K

24=..B!L
M969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


S4N-'!T.R!-



!A
M;F0@)#,U-PW



3!P


M3U`Z(#!P=#L@1D].5#H@

M97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

T0Q
#`E/B`\






@

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A7V9F






]

T1)1#!%
D8^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


3(@

S$L(#(P


M($)!3DL@3$]!3E



24

(#$N



M)U=)1%1(.B`Y
B4[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ







3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&


M3TTZ(#%P=#L@0T]




M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@0T]

M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@



M+#(X




M3CH@;&5F=#L@0T]

M
T0G0T]

T0G5$58

M
#DY+#4R-3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR




T0G0T]

M




M24Y$14Y4.B`M




M
BPR


M=#L@0T]

T0G5$58


M.B`M


T0G0T]


S@L
3@S+#$R
M
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]



M






M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B`Q+#8Q.2PU.#$\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U14
M3TTZ(#%P=#L@0T]


3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TP+C%I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494
M.B`P+C%I;CL@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SX@5&]T86P@;&]N9RUT97)M(&QO86X\

T0G0T]





T0G5$58




M;&5F=#L@0T]

M;&4]

M1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@


M3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0T]










T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

M8FQE.R!415A4+4%





2PS

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG

M+4E.1$5.5#H@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@36EN
M:6UU;2!087EM96YT($]B;&EG871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T
O+T14

N
M;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU



M


3@S+#4Y-SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
M(#`N






C`T*3L@

M24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#`N
M


C`L-C@R+#4R
SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M;&4]

M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU,1494.B`P+C(U:6XG/B`R,#$V/]T
M9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L




C
L
M
#
Y+#DV-SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M;&4]

M1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU



M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

M1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494
M.B`P+C(U:6XG/B!

M;&4]



M93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!W:&ET93L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

24=..B!L969T.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M3$5&5#H@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX@)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT
M)SX@




&EN.R!-05)'


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?
M860S85]F9F9D
SDP


T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS






#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



M





3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%
M.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X@/'1R

+4%





M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T)SXF

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P
M



+4%
24=..B!B





CXF;F)S

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ






M





7!T.R!0041$24Y'

I(&EN(&YO;BU#:&EN82!A;F0@
M;F]N+553(&5N=&ET:65S/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL



M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!4




CPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%

C

M;&4]



M4E1)0T%
+4%

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M+3DN
S5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`Y+C


M33H@






T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
BXU



T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

24=..B!L969T
M)SX@)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R
M+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@-C(L-3$S+#0Y-#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@



M5#H@



M








M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT
M97(G(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P

T0G4$%$1$E.



C`Q
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G

C`T*3L@5D525$E#04PM

&EN

T0G

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M+4E.1$5.5#H@



M)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z



M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@,24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@,24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL


M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

M1RU





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU









M3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF


M







6QE




M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SXV.2PQ



M;&4]

M93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!W:&ET93L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

7!T.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




M(')I9VAT)SX@+3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M




24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T)SXF



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M14Y4.B`P:6XG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@



C
\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U14


M+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@-PX
#@L

C
S+#4R-3PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@



M1D].5#H@


T1T;W`^4V-H

\



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

7!T)R!N;W=R87`]
M



Q+#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


M

M+4%





B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M(#(P


M+4%


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%





6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXV-3
L

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%=)1%1(

M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L


M/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M+4%





M)SX@5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T



M:60[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@+3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@




24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN)SY#


#`L




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\


M9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%


M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!W:&ET93L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M.3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
M





T0G4$%$



M(9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C






M;&4]













T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%





T0G0D%#2T=23U5.

C`T*3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O




T0G5$58

M)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@8FQA8VL@


M-#

M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@








M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL
M(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@,2XP(%1R86YS:71I;VYA;\O

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P



@16YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@








24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%




24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN)SY097)M
M86YE;G0@9&EF9F5R96YC97



M




\+W1D




M

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN)SY686QU871I;VX@

M24=..B!L969T)SXE/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXE/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T)SXE


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%


M
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@

M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L



M)SXQ

M(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R


@



#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F
M9#
Y
#
W.3=E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=E8C`T
M

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@


]






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
M
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T

N;W)G
M+U12+WAH=&UL


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P


2P\+W1D/B`\+W1R





T1N;W=R87`^
C`Q
CPO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.





M

C`T*3L@5D525$E#

24=..B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@-C$E)SX@17AP96-T



M


\+W1D/B`\=&0@



\+W1D



T1N;W=R87`^+24\+W1D/B`\=&0@






M+4%




M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G(&YO=W)A



M:6XG/D1I=FED96YD('EI96QD/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S

M3CH@8V5N=&5R)R!N;W=R87`]

M




]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@
M4%53$E#((M+R]7
T
O+T141!82%1-3`Q+C`@5')A;G-I=&EO;F%L+R]%

N;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL



T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P



M


M;'-P86X]


T0G0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)FYB






T0G

M
6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!724142#H@




B\S
2\Q




M15A4+4%

M;&4]

3U(Z(&)L




T0G

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%







#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

T0G0T]
3U(Z



24=.


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


M1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I.R!615)424-!

34L
M


M0T]




3U(Z('=H:71E








3U(Z
M(')G8B@R
#0L

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%










M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@

L
#`P





M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B0\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M-3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR




M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



T0G5$58

M)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%








M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





M15A4+4%


M(')I9VAT)SXH-3`U+#$X.3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($-/3$]2

24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXQ
2XT
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9#XF



24=.


B\S
2\Q
CPO=&0^(#QT


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA


M3CH@;&5F=#L@0T]

M
T0G0T]

T0G5$58

BXS
M-3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#PO


24=.
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@





M;&4]

M(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R

M9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#PO='(^

M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@



#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
M
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#
W.3=E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S=E8C`T

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O



M

S$L(#(P

M1U


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R
M(%-H87)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#
M5%E012!H=&UL(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@
2XP(%1R86YS

M+WAH=&UL


M($U!4D=)3CH@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G5D525$E#04PM

T0G

2P\




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;CTS1#(^
C`Q
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^





T0G0D%#

C`T*3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

24=..B!L969T.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3$R+C%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`Q


M8FQE('1O(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97

T0G5TE$5$@Z
M(#$E.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXF

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA
M8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T
M.R!724142#H@

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG

M9G0[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@0T]



T0G

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!724142#H@.24G/C4X+#(W.2PY-CD\


M3TQ/4CH@=VAI=&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

3(N
M




M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




1494.B`Q
M





T0G


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




24=..B!L
M969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3$R+C%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`Q
BXQ


M0T]



T0G0T]

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0T],3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXD/]T9#X@




T0G

M+4%

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M

3(N







M15A4+4%

M


M



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\



T0G0T]


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0T],3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXD/]T

M8VLG/C$N


M;&5F=#L@0T]






3U(Z








3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
M





M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T],3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXS.PU
#4L
#(W


M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/C
T+#@S-RPV-38\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M=VAI=&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ

3(N
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA



M3TTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0T]
3U(Z



T+#@U
SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B`F







M3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%

M0D]45$]-.B`R+C5P=#L@0T]

M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!

U+#(W



M8C`T





]

T1)1#!%

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1T97AT

]


05!313H@











T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97(G(&-O;'-P86X]









24=.
M.B!C96YT97(G(&-O;'-P86X]



M
C`T+#(U-2PR


24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE


3
6QE

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!724142#H@.24G/BT\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M=&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

T0G5$58

M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H




M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#QP('-T

M($U!4D=)3CH@



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#
W.3=E
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=E8C`T
V4Y7S(V.#5?







]





]

]
T1T
M97AT/CPA+2U$3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T

N;W)G+U12
M+WAH=&UL


M3D1%3E0Z(#

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M0T%
+4%

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU

M1%1(.B`X-24G/B`R
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[(%=)

24=..B!R:6=H

3`W+#`S
#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT

C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SXQ

#

34\+W1D/B`\=&0^

M
3









24=..B!L969T
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R






M=&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

T0G5$58



M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SXR-30L
#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE<R!.97<@









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-C:&5D=6QE(&]F(%-A;&5S(&)Y($1I=FES:6]N/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM1$]#5%E012!H=&UL(%!5
M0DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@





'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0Q
#Y996%R


T0G

M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)SX@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL



3U(Z(&)L


C`Q
3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VL[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD)SX@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%

3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR







M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXQ+#`Q



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXX.3`N
3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=7
M24142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!724142#H@




M-34L

24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'
M+4Q%1E0Z(#EP=#L@0T]


M
S
R+C





M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SXR-3@N-3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF;F)S






T0G4$%$1$E.


M:60[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
34N.3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T)SXF;F)S




M4E1)0T%
+4%


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

M+4%
24=..B!L969T)SX@)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@
M
2PV
SDN-CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@






M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@8FQA8VL@




T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#4N-'!T.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P=`P








M/3-$)U9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

M3TTZ(#%P=#L@0T]

M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!#


CXR




3U(Z(&)L86-K.R!&


M0T%
+4%

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#8T)3L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L

24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@

T0G5$58

M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@,24G/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@,24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S

2PR
M.3$N-SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!72414
M2#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
24G/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!72414
M2#H@



M;&4]

M1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@0T]
3U(Z(&)L










T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
M3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@0T]



T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%


M/3-$)T)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

M3TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#`N
M
C5I;CL@0T]

T0G


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

M8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SX@
2PT.#8N
M
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@

3U(Z(&)L
M86-K)SX@)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C
M:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA
M8VLG/B`Q+#


3U(Z(&)L86-K)SX@)FYB





'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#@P
M)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

+4%
24=..B!B



T0G5D525$E#04PM

T0G





M86X]
T0R/C(P





M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B0\+W1D/B`\







3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXQ-#@N-CPO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24[($-/


24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXQ

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT


24=..B!L969T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!#3TQ/



M



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%



M;W1A;#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@



M+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B`D/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@








T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)



M96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4









S$L(#(P
M




M(%!50DQ)0R`B+2\O5S-#+R]$5$0@6$A434P@

2UT


M



M=&5R.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


24=..B!C96YT97([(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!
M4D=)3CH@


'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M3TQ

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T


T1N;W=R87`^1&5C96UB
M97(@





T0R/C(P
M

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@




C`Q
3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@

+4%

T0G5$58



M+4%


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%




+4%

T0G



24=.



M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%
M1E0Z(#`N



M;&4]

T0G5$58

3$T+#0S.2PU
M
C


M+4%




#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%





24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T)SXF;F)S






C`T
M+#(U-2PR


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/C$Q-PX

M+4%




M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%




+4%

T0G5$58


M:60[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@-#8U+#`U-RPS
3$\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P





24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@




#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[
M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD)SX@)#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@






M4D]53D0M0T]


M;&4]

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0041$
M24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#EP=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B!#=7)R96YT(&QI
M86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

T0G5$58






24=..B!L969T
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M=65D('-A;&%R:65S/]T9#X@/'1D/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SXX-3DL



M;&4]

C`T*3L@5D52

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M;&4]


M;&4]



3U(Z('=H:71E



M;&4]


M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I
M;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU

M+4%



V-2PT

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B9N8G-P.SPO


M+4E.1$5.5#H@




3U(Z(')G8B@R
M
#0L








M(9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C




M3D0M0T]


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD)SX@5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@86YD('-H87)E


M+4)/5%1/33H@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

M8FQE.R!415A4+4%


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%

M+C5P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD)SX@)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S


@3F5W(%)O


]
T1T97AT/CPA+2U$
M3T-465!%(&AT;6P@4%53$E#((M+R]7
T
O+T141!82%1-3`Q+C`@5')A

N;W)G+U12+WAH=&UL
2]$

M=&5R.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

&EN.R!-05)'24XZ





T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%

M/3-$

Q
M+#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!&3TY4



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M5T5)

CXR

M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$



M/3-$)U9%4E1)0T%
+4%





3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
C4U



M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXV.PR,S8L,C4P/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXV
BPU
M-S$L











C`T+#(U
M-2PR

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L






M



24=..B!L





3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
C4U+#(P


T0G4$%$1$E.



M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SX@+3PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@



+4%

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!&3TY4

T0G


M-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O



M+#(R







24

(#$N


24=..B!C96YT97([(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


M4T5$(%-4051%345.5%





T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P



2P\+W1D/B`\

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z


C`Q
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

CXR

M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=








6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE

24=.
6QE




M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE
M)SXH
BPX.30L




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





M;&4]



M(9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C

L
C(U+#4X.#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@







M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M
7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5=%

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z



















T0G0D%#

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%



M4E1)0T%
+4%

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#(N-7!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M





M=!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD
M)SX@)#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`R



&EN.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F
M9F9D
SDP

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]








24

M5$U
(#$N

T0G
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M/3-$


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P





M;W=R87`]

M(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5=%



M=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M=!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L










M:'0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M;&4]






24=..B!R:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXT



24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SXS-S0L






M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M


M)SXT





M=#L@0T]


L
M

\+W1D/B`\=&0^

38L
M.#






CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO



M15A4+4%

T0G5$58


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%



M;&4]










M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





T0G

\+W1D/B`\=&0^)FYB


M9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

2XQ.#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`Q



M9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

2XQ.#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


&EN.R!-05)'24XZ




T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C



S$L(#(P
3$\+W1D/B`\

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z


+4%


M5%1/33H@


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^(9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$



T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U7


T1N


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^43$\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O



7!T


T1N;W=R87`^*%5N

M='
6QE/3-$)T)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(')G8B@R,#0L,C4U+#(P-D[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%







M15A4+4%

M2#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L
M969T.R!724142#H@


M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@,24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@,24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

SDX+#`X-CPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G




SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!724142#H@

M;&4]


M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
#0L

M(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R

M9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@8FQA8VLG/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@0T]
3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXT



T0G0T]




SDL

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M4CH@=VAI=&4[(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.
M1RU
1494.B`Q

M/C$U+#(U
CPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF


3U(Z(&)L86-K)SXF;F)S


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT)SXX-BPT

T0G


'!X
M(#!P=`P+C5I;CL@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TP


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O


M)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^(9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=


M




T1N;W=R87`^
M(9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C

M
T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#%P=#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0G(&YO


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD)R!N;W=R87`]


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%

M
B!N;W=R87`]

T0G4$%$1$E.



M;&0G(&-O;'-P86X]

3PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
7!T.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L




M




T0G0D%#

C`T*3L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

24=..B!L969T.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#$S+C5P=#L@5TE$5$@Z





T0G

3@L
S(S
6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@0T]
3U(Z




M+#@X
SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!72414
M2#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
24G/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!72414
M2#H@
24G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R



M;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`Q

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%




M.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M9G0G/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


T0G5$58


+4%


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T)SXF


24=.



M15A4+4%

T0G5$58



M;&4]



3

C4\+W1D/B`\









M


M

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#
W.3=E#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=E8C`T
V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A




^


M1$E$



M3B!!3D0@3D%455)%($]&($]015)!5$E/3E

M;'

]
M

]
T1T

]

]



#$Q/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#`Y/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S,P@



]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#





M1F5B+B`Q-BP@


]
M
T1T:#Y*86XN(#


#`U/&)R/D9A
M;&-O;B!

C$L
M(#(P


T1T

M;G1S(%M


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@R+C0P

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P


#`N




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]


]


]

]
T1P

]


]


]


]


]









]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$U+#DT





]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#(U









]


]
T1N=6UP/C


S@L
38P/'-P

S0L
M-C8R+#



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4P







































]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N






]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C8L
M.3`P+#`P










]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$R
2PY-30L
#4P/'-P





#`L


3`P+#`P

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]


]


]


]


]


]



]


#`L



















]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

3HS















M7S=E8C`T
V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A7V9F9F0S.3`S-SDW90T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)



S8^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^2&5N86X@6FAO;F=P:6X@26UP;W)T


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R
M/&)R/EIH=6UA9&EA;B!::&]N9W!I;B!&;V]D($-O;7!A;GD@3&EM:71E9!;


S$L(#(P







]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M
S$L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M
S$L(#(P

:6UI



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#




S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^5&EA;FII;B!:


M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^2&5N86X@6FAO;F=P



S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^5&%I



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^2W5N


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




3$L#0H)


]



M






M




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y-87(@

]
T1T97AT


]

]
T1T97AT/D1E8R`Q

]
T1T97AT
M/D1E8R`Q


]

]

]
T1T97AT



]


]


M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6X@

]


M87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6X@

]

]
T1T97AT/DYO=B`Q


]

C`Q



]
T1T97AT/DYO=B`Q
M


]
T1T97AT/DYO=B`Q


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-C$Q+#$Q





#`L
#`P/'-P86X^



S0L.#`P+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/B`Q+#4P

]
T1N=6UP
M/B`Q-2PP
#`L


]




#`L

SDL
30U/'-P

M

#`P+#`P








M+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/B`Q-2PP
#`L

#`L



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

#`P
M+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B`Q+#`P

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P


#`N




]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P


#`N





]
T1N=6UP/C$P
M


#`N







]
T1N=6UP/C$P


#`N





]
T1N=6UP/C8U+C`P)3QS

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P


#`N




]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P


#`N

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP







#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




]
T1T

]
T1T

]












]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%G9W)E9V%T92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@86-C;W5N='

















]













]
T1R

]




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G


#`P/'-P86X^












M-S























]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
S0L
3`P+#`P

]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]


]


]




]
T1T


M










3
N

M;V1U8W1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]


]


]

M-RXP


]


]


]


]







]


]


]

]
M






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W96(P-#-E.5\R
M-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP




M:78]

]
M



24-)15
@*%-C
M:&5D=6QE(&]F($%L;&]W86YC92!!8W1I=FET97
@:6X@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C
M96EV86)L92D@*$1E=&%I;'







24-)15






M+#
R
RPY




]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y.2PR-#0I/'-P86X^/]S




#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#
W
M.3=E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=E8C`T
V4Y7S(V




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C




M34U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4R`H4V-H




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M17%U:7!M96YT(%M



]

\












M(%M-96UB97)=('P@36EN:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





]
'0^/'-P86X^


:6YE($ET96US



]







]



M:7!M96YT(%M



]



M:&EC;&5S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X









]

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P

]


]






M




]

M


]


@0V]M

:6UI=&5D(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




:6UI=&5D(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





]



]




C4N
M




M9VX]


T1T;W`^2&5N86X@6FAO;F=P:6X@



]



]
M

]



]


C4N








M-V5B
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#

M='
O4VAE970U



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@


2P@
M
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]





#8V

]




]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C


T1T;W`^1FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'
\+W1D/@T*

S$W

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?
M9F9F9#
Y
#
W.3=E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=E
M8C`T


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



3X\


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W96(P-#-E
M.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP




M97%U:78]


]






^

S$L
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PR
M-C@L.3



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PV
30L


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP




]


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


]


]






M17%U:7!M96YT(%M





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#0W
M-2PS



]


]





]



T1T;W`^4')O


]
T1N=6UP/C





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1T97AT

]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$W









]
T1N=6UP
M/C$S-BPS-38L













]


]


]

2PY



]



M;F0@17%U:7!M96YT(%M



M;F0@17%U:7!M96YT(%M

C(L
M








M-V5B
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#
W.3=E#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=E8C`T
V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A




^+RH@


M




M;'-P86X]


M


T1T;W`^

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C
L

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L-C$S+#DR
M

]




]
T1R:#X-





]

]


M
BPP



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PU
3




M-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP


M(&-O;G1E;G0]

M04


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P





86YD('5S92!R:6=H='








]


]




M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-V5B
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
M
#

O4VAE970U-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




#DL


C(T




]
T1F







M86EZ:&]U(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X








]

]
M

C`Q



\

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]
T1R:#X-


]





]




]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP/CDR
M-BPY




]


M9VX]

@0GD@


]

]
T1T97AT

]



5T\+W-U



M:6]N(&EN('!R;V=R97-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M



]

]
T1T97AT

]


]


T1T;W`^1&%T

]



]
T1T97AT/B9N

]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#@S


]







]


]



]




]



]






]

]
T1P




]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1A=&4@;W(@17-T:6UA=&5D($1A=&4@4'5T(&EN(%-E

]
T1T97AT

]

M1&YU;7`^
S
X+#8X

]
T1P

]
T1T

]


]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D




]



]


]


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]

]

3


5T\



M=6-T:6]N(&EN('!R;V=R97-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D





]



]


]


3



M86QI9VX]







]


T1T;W`^/'-T


]
T1T

]


]

C`Q






@86YD







M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP
M






M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

#$R/&)R/CPO

]







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$U+#8U



M=!T97)M(&QO86YS+!M87AI;75M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



@6TUE;6)E

]


]

]


38L
3`P+#`P




M;2!$96)T(%M





M
#`L







]



T1T;W`^4VAO


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3DL
3`P+#`P


#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
M
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#
W.3=E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S=E8C`T
V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A7V9F9F0S.3`S-SDW92]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5124%'/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


M92!O9B!




#$Q/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^0VAI;F$@0V]N

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


#$Q/&)R

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


;V%N(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M:&%N='


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^0VAI;F$@365R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


#$R/&)R/D-H:6YA





]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]



C4L
S

M+#`U




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34L

3QS


]
T1N=6UP/B`R-#`L
#`P+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PV
C
L-30Y



]




]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@















;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP



M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


3TY'+51%4DT@0D%.2R!









]
T1T


#$P/&)R/E531`H)D\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

2P@
M
C`Q


M


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q

S`L
M(#(P


M
S`L(#(P


M
2P@
C`Q

M/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

C`Q
M

;V%N



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#



S`L(#(P



#$R/&)R

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q






]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


#$P/&)R/D%G



]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\

;V%N

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#



C`Q






M96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P





C@L(#(P





S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^06=R:6-U;'1U


S$L(#(P
#D\8G(^

;V%N(%-I

M97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

C`Q

C`Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

2P@
M
C`Q



S$L
M(#(P



2P@
C`P


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

\+W1D












#`L



M
#`L


























]


]
M

]
M

]
M

















M+#


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#(P







]


]


]


]



M
#`L

M1&YU;7`^
3(L
3`P+#`P


#`L

3(U+#`P



#`L




]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C4P+#`P








#`L
#`P/'-P

C4L
M
#`P+#`P

]
M



#`L




#`L
M

M;7`^
3(L-S`P+#`P




#`L
#`P/'-P




]


2PP
#`L

3$L
3`P+#`P
M







#`L

34L
3`P+#`P





]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDL-3`P
M+#`P
































]




24\


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N








]










]
T1N=6UP/C8N-#`E/'-P86X^




]
T1N
















]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M
3





M=#Y$96
@


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]








C`Q


]


]


]


]


]


]


]






M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6X@

]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/D1E8R`Q+`T*



M
C`Q

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]


]


C`Q


]


]


]


]


]


C`Q


]


]


]


]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#
X


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C8L
S`P+#`P


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]





]


































































]
































































]

M;7`^
S@R+#8P


]


3
L

C
L-30T+#@R
M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

3
L





























































M7S=E8C`T
V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A7V9F9F0S.3`S-SDW90T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]




3


]


]


T1T;W`^
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

#DL




M

]

3@S+#4Y-RD\

M-BPP


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



2PS
M

M8C`T





]

T1)1#!%


I


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#







]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@-34L
S
T+#
T


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C8L-SDT+#@Q
#QS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M26YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!I;B!N;VXM0VAI;F$@86YD(&YO;BU54R!E;G1I=&EE


M

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#`Q-2PU,C,I/'-P86X^/]S

3`U




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S
M85]F9F9D
SDP

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J





^

M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R







S@L.3



]
M


T1T;W`^4W1A=&4\+W1D/@T*

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N




]


T1T;W`^0VAI;F$\+W1D/@T*

]



]

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N


]



M+#8R

#@L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W
M96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




M
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L






34L
S0R/'-P86X^



3DL-C$T/'-P

C4W

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C





]


]

]


]


M/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L($YO;BUC=7)R96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6T^*#DL-C4Y+#$W

]
T1P






M
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#

O



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]
M

]






\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
3@L
C4Q+#@U


]

]
T1N=6UP/C@L



T1T;W`^4%)#(%M-96UB






]


]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PW
#8L

M860S85]F9F9D
SDP

T0G=&5X


04
^#0H@(`@(`\='(^



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]



]




C`N




]






]
T1R

]
M


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A7V9F






]



M86X]

#$R


T1T;W`^/'-T


]


T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D

]


]
T1T

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30N





]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C(L


34L
#`P




]





]
M
T1N=6UP/C$W+#
T










M






C8L
C(U+#8T


]

\






M;G5M/B0@*#
L
#DT+#4W

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#(S+#$S

M860S85]F9F9D
SDP

T0G=&5X




2!-;VYT:'
@16YD

SXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'






]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

C0L(#(P
3`\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

]

S`L(#(P
M


@04Y$($]05$E/3E



















]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]


]





]

]
T1N=6UP/C(T




S
L




@9W)A;G1E

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


















]



T1T;W`^5V5I

@9W)A;G1E9#PO





]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^













@=F5S





C
P+#
P
M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W96(P
M-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP



M='`M97%U:78]

]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



M9VX]




]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C`N





]
T1N=6UP/C$N




M

]
M






M0SHO-V5B
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#

M:&5E='
O4VAE970V.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

@04Y$($]05$E/3E
@*%-C:&5D



]

C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]










]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L










L




]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#`P




RPP
M


M;7`^


M86QI9VX]





M/3-$;G5M/B@R

34L




]


]




]


]


]




]






]
T1N=6UP/CDY
RPP


C`L
#`P/'-P86X^



]


]


]



M(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]



]


]
M

]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34N




















]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@





M9VX]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`N-C$\


























C(\

M






]



M*$1E=&%I;'

]



]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO

S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S















]
T1N=6UP/B0@.2PX-#@L






R
RPP
M


Q-2PP


RPP




@16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R


]
























M960@96%R;FEN9W





]









M;7`^








]
T1N=6UP/C
U+#(W


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(T


]












M/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G




]


]


]


]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]


]



@

]


V4Y7S(V.#5?





]

T1)1#!%14I!13X-B`@(`@








T1T;W`^3&]N9R!T97)M(&QO86YS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]








]


]






M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3&]N9R!T97)M(&QO86YS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]









]



'0O:'1M



]


T0Q/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

2!-;VYT:'
@

M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



T0Q/C$@36]N=&AS

M1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO

M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P


M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q




S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^6FAU;6%D:6%N(%IH

:6UI=&5D(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#































RPY
#`L














]
T1R










#`E

M

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]

#`L
#`P/'-P







]

P








]

]


]


]


]
T1T


]


]


]

]
T1P















]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#(X+#
W


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C8N
34E/'-P86X^






M-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP

M;G0]

^#0H@


S$L(#(P


@04Y$($-/
M3E1)3D=%3D-)15




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P-RPP



T1T;W`^




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]





M9F9D
SDP


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

M;'-P86X]


M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]


]




]



]




;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
M
SDP



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


M4V-H961U;&4@;V8@4V%L97


C`Q



]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@






]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^4V%L97

M97


#@L
C$R+#`P


#@V+#`P

#
L
S



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S`T+#@W.2PV-C



]









M;7`^
34U.3`P




]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#$X+#8P


]














M;6%T:6]N(%M













S
R+#
P


]












L-3`P+#`P
#QS





]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]




2PT-S
L
#`P
M+#`P



C(L-C`P+#`P


]

34Q-#`P
#`P




]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97



]


]


]


]


#`L

38L
C`P+#`P


]

M
RPR
#`L


RPT
#`L










#`P
M




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\W96(P-#-E.5\R-C@U7S0R-65?860S85]F9F9D
SDP



M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


(%-4051%345.5%
@3T8@

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C`V+#
P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3@V+#`P

#0S93E?
C8X
M-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#
W.3=E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S=E8C`T
V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A7V9F9F0S.3`S-SDW


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

2PS



3@V/'-P86X^

M.#(L


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#@Q+#
Q


]


]


]
M




]



]
T1N=6UP/CDY
M







]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#`U
RPS
M





]
T1P




]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6UP/C4T-RPT







#




]


]

]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T








M

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^




]


]

]



]
T1N




]

S$Q/'-P

M+#(Q






]
T1N=6UP/C4W.2PY


]



]



M97

]
T1N=6UP/C4R





C0L
C@V+#8T


]











]


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@86YD




]


#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
M
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#
W.3=E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S=E8C`T
V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U95]A9#-A7V9F9F0S.3`S-SDW92]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5654)'/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


M(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G



M
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y3
M97`N(#

M/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q




M871E;65N='
















]


T1T



]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^

]
M
T1N=6T^*#0L.#`X+#`T

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#(S
RPU

]

]
T1N=6UP/CDL.#0X+#`P




3(L
3DW+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#
R
RPP


34L
M

M;7`^
38L.#@S+#`P




T1T;W`^


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]

M;65N='

















]


]


]


]



T1T

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#4L
S@Q+#8P

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#`Q-2PU
C
I












]
T1N=6UP/C4X



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]















V4Y7S(V.#5?-#(U






]

T1)1#!%4%A!13X-B`@(`@(#QT

T0S/C$R($UO

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




M960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='

:6YE($ET96US


M:71I97

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@-S



M:6XI(&EN=F5S=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
3DL-#
P+#0W

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-#`L


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q
M





]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0P+#4Y-BPR



34L


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!A;F0@


]
T1N=6UP/C$S-2PX-#4L



]


S
M


T1T;W`^4&%R96YT($-O;7!A;GD@6TUE;6)E

]




M;VYD96YS960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='

:6YE


M(&%C=&EV:71I97


]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#$S


M9!I;BD@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]





M-#
L





]




]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P





M9F9D
SDP


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

C`Q



C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3`\

M455!4E1%4DQ9($9)3D%.0TE!3!)3D9/4DU!5$E/3B!;06)S=')A8W1=/]S












]
T1N




3(W+#`P
#QS


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M
RPP


Y+#8P
RPS


]
T1N

2PP



S4L-C(Q+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C
Y+#$T-BPP

38L
#`P/'-P86X^

34S+#
X
M-2PU


S(X+#8P



S0L
M

M;7`^
3@L
C@P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(T



RPV-#(L

C(L-S@T+#`P



T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@8V]M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3@L
S(S+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L
M.#@S+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C0L



T1T;W`^

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@












M
#0S93E?
C8X-5\T
C5E7V%D
V%?9F9F9#
Y
#

O


M=#TB=7

M:6-R;W-O9G0M8V]M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B/@T*(#QO.DUA:6Y&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B+BXO5V]R:V)O;VLN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#8N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

T0B4VAE970S
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#
T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,SDN:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970U
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4U+FAT

M1)3:&5E=#4X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U.2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970V,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C,N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8W
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@


M968]

T0B4VAE970W-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E


`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Year Ended December 31
(Unaudited
 in thousands
441
415
408
374
1
639
42
39
35
35
153
16
18
17
19
72
9
11
10
12
44
Year Ended December 31
(Unaudited
 in thousands
405
398
366
285
1
456
36
40
39
35
151
15
24
23
22
86
Year Ended December 31
(Unaudited
 in thousands
9
18
19
16
64
221




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
December 31
2
323
1
708
2
478
714
 (26
 (99
 4
775
 2
323
920


Schedule of Estimated Useful Lives of Property
 Plant and Equipment
        


        
 Zhongpin (Hong Kong) Trading Co.
 Limited (HK Zhongpin)




        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 PRC/Aug. 11
5
060

 PRC/June 7
60
000

585
 PRC/Aug. 21
34
800

094
 PRC/Sept. 14
1
500

 PRC/Sept. 25
15
000

893
 PRC/Sept. 27
5
000

 PRC/Jan.18
60
000

703
 PRC/Mar. 1
60
000

783
 PRC/Sept. 14
100
000

639
 PRC/Dec. 11
1
000

 PRC/Dec. 26
10
000

461
 PRC/May 12
100
000

298
 PRC/Aug. 6
170
000

292
 PRC/June 1
15
000

287
 PRC/June 3
300
000

356
 PRC/Nov.15
5
000

 Zhongpin (Hong Kong) Trading Co.
 HK/Sept. 11
$1
000
 PRC/Nov. 12
1
000

700)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        
        


        

509
865
        

887
224


        

400
000
        
        


        
        
        

719



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

362



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

939



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

865



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

838
187



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

576
932



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

215
713
        

065
420



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

627
        

682



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

868
890
        

721



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

712
        

762



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

838
785
        

954
354



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

138
        
        

      
        

      



              









        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2006

          



 2012

          



 2011

          















 2005

          



 2006

          



 2005



          



 2005



          



 2006

          



 2006



          



 2006

          



 2005



          



 2005



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

932
367

000
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

816
425

040
000
        
        
        

650
000

285
300


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

942

000
        
        
        
        
        


Shares issued in consideration of acquisition of a subsidiary
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

250
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares outstanding

752
568

209
344

556
964

338
160

662
314

442
354
        

752
568
        
        
        
        

568
        
        


Units sold
 price per unit
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

450
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Conversion of convertible preferred stock
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

900
000

908
100
        
        
        


        
        

375

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

450
000

954
050
        
        
        


Common stock
 authorized

000
000

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 authorized

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
At December 31
6
466
6
066
1
685
1
918
3
955
5
385
 25
871
 28
574
 37
979
 41
944
020




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
At December 31
 VAT recoverable
42
682
35
166
 (9
962
 (4
693
 32
719
 30
472
864




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 Effective July 1
 2009
RMB
 the national currency of China
 Certain accounting principles require subjective and complex judgments to be used in the preparation of financial statements. Accordingly
 a different financial presentation could result depending on the judgments
 estimates
 or assumptions that are used. Such estimates and assumptions include
 but are not specifically limited to
 those required in the valuation of long-lived assets
 allowance for doubtful accounts
 reserves for inventory obsolescence
 valuation allowances for value added tax (VAT) recoverable and deferred tax assets
 Revenues generated from the sales of various meat products and vegetables and fruits are recognized when these products are delivered to customers in accordance with previously agreed upon pricing and delivery arrangements
 and the collectability of these sales is reasonably assured. Since the products sold by the Company are primarily perishable and frozen food products
 the right of return is only valid for a few days and has been determined to be insignificant by the management of the Company. Accordingly
 Under the terms of the credit agreements with certain of its lenders
 Henan Zhongpin has agreed to maintain with such lenders an amount of cash that will serve as collateral for its delivery of such lenders&#39; bank promissory notes. The amount of bank promissory notes that are to be delivered by Henan Zhongpin to such lenders can be up to twice the amount of such deposits. As such deposits may not be withdrawn by Henan Zhongpin without restriction
 The Company only accepts notes issued by banks in the normal course of business as payment for products sold by the Company. These bank notes receivables have maturity dates of up to 180 days and bear no interest. In addition
 the Company may also acquire bank notes receivable
 with maturity of less than 6 months
 from third parties
 at a lower cost compared to the face value of the bank notes
 The Company can hold these bank notes until the maturity date and collect the amount from the issuing banks
 During the normal course of business
 the Company&#39;s policy is to ask customers to make deposits in reasonable and meaningful amounts on a case-by-case basis. For certain customers
 The Company regularly evaluates and monitors the creditworthiness of each of its customers in accordance with the prevailing practice in the meat industry and based on general economic conditions in China. The Company maintains a general policy of providing 100% allowance for doubtful accounts in an amount equal to the aggregate amount of those accounts that are not collected within one year plus an amount equal to 5% of the aggregate amount of accounts receivable less than one year old. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed
 the receivable is written off against the allowance. The Company also examines the credit terms of significant customers regularly and asks for more cash deposits if these customers appear to have any indicators of delaying their payments to the Company. Such deposits are usually applied for the collection of the outstanding accounts receivable during the year. With such a practice in place
 the Company did not have any specific allowance for doubtful accounts provided against specific customers as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
December 31
December 31
2
323
1
708
2
478
714
 (26
 (99
 4
775
 2
323
 Inventories are comprised of raw materials and low-value consumables
 work-in-progress
 and finished goods. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market-based prices according to the weighted average method. Production cost components include the purchase cost of live hogs
 direct labor
 depreciation
 packaging material
 utility expense and other manufacturing overhead. By using a systematic costing system
 the production cost is allocated to various products at the stage of work-in-progress and finished goods
 respectively. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price
 in the ordinary course of business
 less estimated costs to complete and dispose. The Company regularly inspects the shelf life of prepared foods and
 if necessary
Property
 Property
 Maintenance and repairs are charged directly to expense as incurred
 whereas improvements and renewals are generally capitalized in their respective property accounts. When an item is retired or otherwise disposed of
 The Chinese government owns all of the parcels of land on which the Company&#39;s plants are built. In China
 The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of that asset. Whenever any such impairment exists
 an impairment loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. For information on impairment associated with long-lived assets
 The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 advance to vendors
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 Full time employees of the PRC entities participate in a government mandated employer defined contribution plan
 pursuant to which certain pension benefits
 medical care
 unemployment insurance and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require the Company to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees&#39; salaries. The total provision for such employee benefits was $2
206
890
 $1
449
978 and $839
062 for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense amounted to $3
407
486
 $3
913
185 and $3
484
126 for fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 All China-based enterprises are subject to a VAT imposed by the PRC government on their domestic product sales. The output VAT is charged to customers who purchase goods from the Company and the input VAT is paid when the Company purchases goods from its vendors. Input VAT rates are 13% for most of the purchasing activities conducted by the Company. Output VAT rate is 13% for chilled pork products
 frozen pork products and vegetable and fruit products
 On a quarterly basis
 the Company forecasts for each of its subsidiaries separately the amount of sales revenue necessary to fully utilize the VAT recoverable. Once the VAT recoverable for a subsidiary is determined to be non-recoverable in part or in full
 the VAT recoverable is written off and booked as cost of goods sold or as impairment loss
 depending on the nature of the event triggering the VAT write-off. The factors considered when evaluating to which account VAT recoverable is written off are as follows: i) if VAT is determined to be non-recoverable due to significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results or negative industry or economic trend
 VAT recoverable will be written-off to cost of goods sold
 or ii) if VAT is determined to be non-recoverable due to significant changes in the strategy of the overall business
 VAT recoverable would be written off as impairment loss. For information on write-offs of VAT recoverable
 The Company classified its leases at the inception date as either a capital lease or an operating lease. A lease is a capital lease if the following conditions exist: a) ownership is transferred to the lessee by the end of the lease term
 b) there is a bargain purchase option
 c) the lease term is at least 75% of the property&#39;s estimated remaining economic life or d) the present value of the minimum lease payments at the beginning of the lease term is 90% or more of the fair value of the leased property to the lessor at the inception date. A capital lease is accounted for as if there was an acquisition of an asset and an incurrence of an obligation at the inception of the lease. All other leases are accounted for as operating leases. There is no capital leases commitment as of December 31
 2012. For information on capital and operating leases
 The Company receives employee and certain non-employee services in exchange for (a) equity instruments of the Company or (b) liabilities that are based on the fair value of the Company&#39;s equity instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of such equity instruments. The Company accounts for stock compensation expense under the fair value recognition provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718 (ASC 718)
 which requires companies to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option pricing model. See Note 12
 Stock Warrants and Options
 Basic earnings per share does not include dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution of securities that could share in the earnings of an entity
 similar to fully-diluted earnings per share. Such shares are excluded if determined to be anti-dilutive. Of the 787
000 options outstanding at December 31
 2012
 547
000 options were anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. The number of shares of common stock underlying the outstanding stock warrants and options at December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were 240
000
 767
564 and 1
055
564
 respectively
 The Company&#39;s subsidiaries in China receive government subsidies from local Chinese government agencies in accordance with relevant Chinese government policies. In general
 the Company presents the government subsidies received as part of other income unless the subsidies received are earmarked to compensate a specific expense
 which have been accounted for by offsetting the specific expense
 Research and development expenses are expensed as incurred. The research and development expenses for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $573
508
 $495
815 and $638
899
 Under the corporate law and relevant regulations in the PRC
 all of the subsidiaries of the Company located in the PRC are required to appropriate a portion of its retained earnings to statutory reserve. All subsidiaries located in the PRC are required to appropriate 10% of its annual after-tax income each year to the statutory reserve until the statutory reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital. In general
 the statutory reserve shall not be used for dividend distribution purposes. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the appropriation of statutory reserves were $4.6 million
 $7.1 million and $6.4 million
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the appropriation of statutory reserves were $34.1 million and $29.5 million
 respectively
 The Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Codification 220
 
Zhongpin Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 4
 2003 and is subject to federal income tax and Delaware state income tax. Falcon Link was established under the laws of the British Virgin Islands on July 21


 2012
 and is subject to Hong Kong profits tax of 16.5%. The Company&#39;s other subsidiaries
 which are all located in China
 are subject to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax (EIT) Law
 which became effective January 1
 2008 and has a uniform statutory tax rate of 25 percent. Under the EIT Law
 income derived by an enterprise from the primary processing of agricultural products (including slaughtering live hogs) is exempt from EIT. Consequently
 10 of the Company&#39;s 19 subsidiaries in China which principally operate in the slaughtering business in China
 The Company&#39;s other 9 subsidiaries in China are subject to the uniform 25% tax rate in relation to non-primary processing of agricultural products
 Zhongpin (Hong Kong) Trading Co.
 There is no consolidated enterprise income tax return concept in China. As a result
 if one subsidiary has net income
 that net income cannot be offset by the loss incurred in another subsidiary within the consolidated company. Similarly
 if one subsidiary has a net operating loss
 The Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. See Note 10
 Income Taxes
 The consolidated financial statements for prior years reflect certain reclassifications
 which have no effect on previously reported results
 The Company has reviewed recently issued accounting standards which have not yet been adopted in order to determine their potential effect
 if any
 on the results of operations or financial position of the Company. Based on that review
 the Company does not believe that any of those accounting pronouncements will have a significant effect on its current or future financial position
 results of operations
 cash flows or disclosures.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Tables)

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment
At December 31
 Plants and buildings
368
003
326
254
 Machinery and equipment
156
202
136
356
7
101
6
058
4
522
4
010
 (65
382
 (44
749
 470
447
 427
929
871



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment
At December 31
171
18
774
41
4
 (2
475
 16
516
384




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Years ending December 31
107
107
40
254
196




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment) (Details) (USD $)











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


        

382
146)

749
964)


        

447
775

929
871



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


        

475
320)

475
320)


        

516
384

516
384



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property and equipment
 gross

003
263

254
157



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property and equipment
 gross
        

678



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property and equipment
 gross

202
442

356
055



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property and equipment
 gross
        

774
120



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property and equipment
 gross

101
927

058
994



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property and equipment
 gross
        

492



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property and equipment
 gross

522
289

010
629



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property and equipment
 gross
        

414




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      














 2009

          



 2012

          



 2009

          



 2012

          



 2009

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

900
000


Loan amount
 percentage of pledged assets
 no guarantee
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loan amount
 percentage of pledged assets
 with guarantee
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

976
249

277
749
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

900
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

300
000
        

800
000
        

900
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

900
000
        

400
000
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        


        

919
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

891
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

163
        

372
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage of the value of pledged assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage of the value of pledged assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
3
4
5
6
7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

441
332

845
095


        

954
161

444
216


        

369
700

171
060


Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $4
775
526 and $2
323
920

167
801

161
898


Other receivables
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $493
484 and $449
048

060

081
311


        

798
356

320
357


        

979
226

944
020


        

127

633


        

166

116
108


VAT recoverable
 net

719
543

472
864


        

179

791


        

413

545
534


        

574
064

054
887


        

289

122


Property
 plant and equipment (net)

447
775

929
871


        

285
461

930
404


        

509
865

887
224


        

785
769

981
393


        
        

665


        

554
680
        


        

218
634
903

268
566


        
        
        


        

632
849

653
574


        

333
386

627
006


        

183
597

016
419


        
        

769
600


        

918
351

693
948


        

053
321

873
586


        

353
887

596
651


        

935
877

550
096


        

778
724

822
812


        

852

773


        

274
844

672
465


        

869

399


        
        

615
449


        

792
652

261
330


        

386
002

988
693


        

197
367

062
336


        
        
        


Common stock: par value $0.001; 100
000
000 authorized; 40
376
182 and 40
355
502 shares issued as of December 31
 2012 and 2011; 37
209
344 and 37
556
964 shares outstanding as of December 31
 2012

376

355


        

063
993

364
449


        

268
748

200
071


Treasury stock
 at cost: 3
166
838 and 2
798
538 shares as of December 31
 2012 and 2011

225
646)

131
074)


        

413
960

905
053


        

561
431

378
854


        

105

376


        

437
536

206
230


        

218
634
903

268
566




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and/or sale of goods and services not classified as Trade Payables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 14
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 41
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)(1)
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph Exhibit 4-8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

         2004

         2004

        07
         2006

        07
         2006

         2006

         2006

         2006

         2006

         2006

         2006

         2006

         2006

         2007

         2007

        01
         2007

        01
         2007

         2007

         2007

         2008

         2008

         2008

         2008

         2010

         2010

        06
         2010

        06
         2010

        01
         2011

        01
         2011

        03
         2011

        03
         2011

         2011

         2011

         2012

         2012

         2012

         2012


        

111

060
000

585
398

000
000

094
422

800
000

665

500
000

893
652

000
000

215

000
000

703
452

000
000

783
487

000
000

639
145

000
000

688

000
000

461
796

000
000

298
798

000
000

292
994

000
000

287
841

000
000

356
388

000
000

196

000
000

000
000

000
000

700

000
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

115
179

215
032

279
969


        
        
        
        


        

364
078

415
069

613
922


        

390
501

886
475

422
251


        
        
        

074)


        

478
601

685

311


        

048
453

614
167

015
780


        

961)

123)

139
783)


        

647)
        
        


        

566

610
815

343
771


        
        
        
        


        

150
874)

129
664)

049
304)


        

773)

590)

947)


        

524
762

366
517)

552
498)


        

486)

478

997)


        

050
162

711
256)

194
171


        

158
305

119)

424
121)


        

498
272)

611
116)

150
913)


Deferred tax asset/liability
 net

765)

696)

560)


        

469
594

527

677


        

650

782

984


        

797
735)

542
278

453)


        

745
655)

003
595

637
437


        

248

007
167
        


        

704
541

835
646

506
546


        

347)

678

633)


        

633
655)

778
601

693
920


        

610
642)

973

463)


        

416
828

806
887

637
993


        
        
        
        


Prepayment on property
 plant and equipment

543
754)
        
        


        

722
313)

581
832)

895
121)


        

675
648)

970
620)

719
217)


        

416
974)

504
812)

925
116)


        

138
124)
        

282
316)


        

300

298
        


        
        

236
828)

530
627)


        
        
        

151)


        

740
042
        
        


        

430
471)

202
794)

795
548)


        
        
        
        


Proceeds from (repayment of) bank notes
 net

848
050)

479
016

199
139)


        

364
990

472
347

559
768


        

151
102)

749
090)

171
859)


        

325
615

772
404

681
885


        

077
545)

382
141)

086
899)


        

758
997)

576
095)

729
655)


        
        

356
662
        


        

812
322)

131
074)
        


        

000
        

888
992


        
        

953
        


        

207
686)
        
        


        

018
903

041
982

943
093


        

977

026
834

404
389


        

596
237

672
909

189
927


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

845
095

172
186

982
259


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

441
332

845
095

172
186


        
        
        
        


        

002
672

387
434

717
320


        

714
735

675
144

880
679




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2012





          



 2012





          



 2012



          



 2012





          



 2012





          



 2012



          



 2011





          



 2011





          



 2012



          



 2010





          



 2010





          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2010





          



 2010





          



 2012





          



 2012





          



 2010





          



 2010





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2011





          



 2010





          



 2010





          



 2010





          



 2010





          



 2012





          



 2012





          



 2010





          



 2010





          



 2012



          



 2010





          



 2010





          



 2012





          



 2012





          



 2009





          



 2009





          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2010



          



 2010



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2010

          



 2009



          



 2009



          



 2002



          



 2012



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

140
085
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

650
364
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

700
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

700
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

976
249

277
749
        

183
120

000
000
        
        
        
        
        

659
932

283
674
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

525
336

099
525
        
        
        

400
000

400
000
        
        

200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

100
000

100
000
        
        
        
        
        

700
000

700
000
        
        

623
549

619
581
        
        

932
225

077
211
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

200
000

000
000

100
000

000
000

900
000

000
000
        
        
        
        

400
000

000
000
        

000
000

000
000
        

000
000

000
000
        

400
000

000
000
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        

900
000

000
000
        

500
000

000
000

700
000

000
000

000
000

000
000
        
        

400
000

000
000
        

300
000

000
000
        
        

100
000

000
000
        
        

600
000

200
000
        
        
        

100
000

000
000

504
969
        


        
        
        
        

500
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

600
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

        01
         2014
        
        

        01
         2014
        
        
        
        
        

         2013
        
        
        
        

        01
         2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

        03
         2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

         2041


Repayment date
 minimum
        
        
        

        01
         2013

        01
         2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

        01
         2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

        01
         2011
        
        
        

        01
         2013
        
        
        
        
        
        

        01
         2011
        
        
        
        
        
        

        01
         2010
        
        
        

         2010
        
        
        

        01
         2012
        
        
        
        
        
        


Repayment date
 maximum
        
        
        

        01
         2020

        01
         2020
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

        01
         2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

        01
         2014
        
        
        

        01
         2015
        
        
        
        
        
        

        01
         2013
        
        
        
        
        
        

        01
         2014
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

        01
         2014
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

077
545

382
141

086
899
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

452
882
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

083


        

600
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

213
004

544
822

655
602
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

213
004

190
103

535
089
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
December 31
 24
659
 14
283
76
525
81
099
1
052
1
197
11
932
15
077
38
183
 1
623
 1
619
153
976
113
277
 (52
183
 (16
016
 101
792
 97
261
330


        
Due in the year of
52
183
52
660
20
682
5
409
 23
039
153
976
 (52
183
 101
792
652




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 The Company operates in only one segment: meat production. The Company&#39;s vegetable and fruit operations
 both financially and operationally
 do not represent a significant enough portion of its business to constitute a separate segment. However
 the Company&#39;s product lines are divided into two divisions: pork and pork products
 The pork and pork products division is involved primarily in the processing of live hogs into fresh
 frozen and processed pork products. The pork and pork products division markets its products domestically to retail stores and to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators and noncommercial food service establishments
 such as schools
 hotel chains
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 The vegetables and fruits division is involved primarily in the processing of fresh vegetables and fruits. The Company contracts with more than 100 farms in Henan province and nearby areas to produce high-quality vegetable varieties and fruits suitable for export purposes. The proximity of the contracted farms to operations ensures freshness from harvest to processing. The Company contracts with those farms to grow more than 25 categories of vegetables and fruits
 including asparagus
 sweet corn
 broccoli
 mushrooms
 December 31
1
 1
 1
 December 31
1
1
 1
 1
 December 31





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Years Ended December 31
55
334
73
029
66
794
(3
9
9
 (5
556
 (4
015
 (4
291
 49
773
 69
023
 62
513
494


        
Years Ended December 31
5
666
4
738
4
260
(7
69
(26
 5
658
 4
808
 4
233
525


        
At December 31
653
315
219
257
 (72
800
572
(1
142
(603
 10
057
 7
553
8
915
6
950
 (9
659
 (7
474
 (743
 (524
399


        
Years Ended December 31





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 The Company is subject to substantial risks from
 among other things
 intense competition associated with the industry in general
 other risks associated with financing
 liquidity requirements
 foreign currency exchange rates
 and operating in the PRC under its various laws and restrictions.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 21
 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Expected volatility
 minimum
        
        
        


Expected volatility
 maximum
        
        
        


Risk-free interest rate
 minimum
        
        
        


Risk-free interest rate
 maximum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */
var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw'
    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}
			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }
        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';
		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;
				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5
 matches.length );

					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();

						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}
        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';
			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{


'+

					\n+'    body {'+
					\n+'    }'+
					\n+'    table {'+
					\n+'    }'+



						objHtml +


			}
			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();
			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( \n );
			var longest = 0;


					longest = Math.max( longest
 lines[p].length );
				}
			}
			//Decide on the default view

			//Build formatted view

			var formatted = '';

				if( text.length == 1 ){

;
				}else{

\n;
					}
				}
			}else{
';
			}


'+

				\n+'    body {'+
				\n+'       background-color: #f0f9ee;'+
				\n+'       font-family: Arial
 san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+
				\n+'    }'+
				\n+'    table {'+
				\n+'       font-size: 1em;'+
				\n+'    }'+




				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+





			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();
			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }
		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    }
    toggle:function( win
 domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;
        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';
        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';
        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }
        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    }
	LastAR : null
	showAR : function ( link
 id
 win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}
		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);
			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}
		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	}
	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;
		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}
		}
	}
	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 Zhongpin Inc. (the Company) is incorporated in the State of Delaware as a holding company and Henan Zhongpin Food Share Company Limited (Henan Zhongpin) was incorporated in the People&#39;s Republic of China (the PRC). Henan Zhongpin is headquartered in Changge City
 Henan province. Through its subsidiaries
 Henan Zhongpin is principally engaged in the production of pork
 prepared meat products and vegetables and fruits
 and the retail sales of pork
 processed pork products
 vegetables and fruits and other grocery items to customers throughout China and other export countries
 Zhongpin Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware under the name Strong Technical Inc. for the purpose of operating a personnel outsourcing service that provides skilled workers to industry. On March 30
 2005
 On May 20
 2005
 Henan Zhongpin Food Co.
 Ltd. (HZFC) was established in China for the sole purpose of holding the capital stock of Henan Zhongpin and its subsidiaries. The owners of Henan Zhongpin formed HZFC with an initial investment of 16
000
000 Renminbi (RMB) ($1
932
367). HZFC acquired Henan Zhongpin by paying 15
040
000 RMB ($1
816
425) to the shareholders of Henan Zhongpin in exchange for 100% ownership of Henan Zhongpin. The transaction was accounted for as a transfer of entities under common control
 wherein Henan Zhongpin was the continuing entity with an increase in registered capital of 960
000 RMB ($115
 On July 21
 2005
 Falcon Link Investment Limited (Falcon) was incorporated in the territory of the British Virgin Islands (BVI) as a holding company for the purpose of owning all of the equity interests of HZFC. Falcon acquired 100% ownership of HZFC by paying 21
285
300 RMB ($2
650
000) to the shareholders of HZFC
 who also were the shareholders of Falcon. The transaction was accounted for as a transfer of entities under common control
 On January 30
 2006
 Zhongpin
 Inc.
 then known as Strong Technical Inc.
 consummated an agreement with the shareholders of Falcon whereby Zhongpin Inc. issued 11
250
000 shares of common stock in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding stock of Falcon. Immediately prior to the transaction there were 502
568 shares outstanding as compared to 11
752
568 shares outstanding immediately following the transaction. Consequently
 Falcon became a wholly owned subsidiary of Zhongpin Inc. The transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition resulting in a recapitalization of Falcon
 wherein Falcon&#39;s historical financial statements became those of Zhongpin Inc.
 On January 31
 2006
 in conjunction with acquisition of Falcon
 Zhongpin Inc. (then known as Strong Technical Inc.) sold for $8.00 per unit 3.45 million units
 each consisting of two shares of Series A convertible preferred stock and a five-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at a purchase price of $5.00 per share. Each share of preferred stock is convertible into one share of common stock. The shares of Series A convertible preferred stock originally issued in such transaction were convertible into an aggregate of 6
900
000 shares of common stock and the warrants originally issued in such transaction were exercisable to purchase an aggregate of 3
450
 On February 16
 2006
 Zhongpin Inc. (then known as Strong Technical Inc.) amended its articles of incorporation to change its name from Strong Technical Inc. to Zhongpin Inc. In the same amendment
 the company changed its authorized common stock to 100
000
000 shares with a par value of $0.001 per share and its authorized preferred stock to 25
000
 On February 16
 2006
 Zhongpin Inc. effected a 1:35.349 reverse split of its outstanding common stock. Immediately prior to the split
 415
442
354 shares of common stock were outstanding as compared to 11
752
568 shares of common stock outstanding immediately following the split. The aggregate number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of its outstanding shares of Series A convertible preferred stock was reduced from 243
908
100 shares of common stock to 6
900
000 shares of common stock
 and the aggregate number of shares of its common stock issuable upon the exercise of its outstanding warrants was reduced from 121
954
050 shares of common stock to 3
450
 PRC/Aug. 11
5
060

 PRC/June 7
60
000

585
 PRC/Aug. 21
34
800

094
 PRC/Sept. 14
1
500

 PRC/Sept. 25
15
000

893
 PRC/Sept. 27
5
000

 PRC/Jan.18
60
000

703
 PRC/Mar. 1
60
000

783
 PRC/Sept. 14
100
000

639
 PRC/Dec. 11
1
000

 PRC/Dec. 26
10
000

461
 PRC/May 12
100
000

298
 PRC/Aug. 6
170
000

292
 PRC/June 1
15
000

287
 PRC/June 3
300
000

356
 PRC/Nov.15
5
000

 Zhongpin (Hong Kong) Trading Co.
 HK/Sept. 11
$1
000
 PRC/Nov. 12
1
000

700)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts

775
526

323
920


Other receivables
 allowance for doubtful accounts

484

048


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

376
182

355
502


Common stock
 shares outstanding

209
344

556
964


Treasury stock
 shares

166
838

798
538




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 During 2012
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2
375 shares of common stock were exercised with an exercise price of $8.00 per share on a cashless basis. In connection with these transactions
 the Company issued an aggregate of 680 shares of common stock. For cash flow purposes
 During 2012
 options to purchase an aggregate of 20
000 shares of common stock were exercised on a broker-assisted cashless basis. In connection with the transaction
 the Company issued 20
 During 2012
 the Company repurchased 368
300 shares of common stock from the secondary market. In connection with the transaction
 During 2011
 the Company issued 5
000
000 shares of common stock at $14.10 per share. In connection with the transaction
 During 2011
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 15
000 units were exercised on a cashless basis. Each unit is comprised of two shares of the Company&#39;s Series A preferred stock and a five-year warrant to purchase one share of the Company&#39;s common stock with the exercise price of $5.00 per share. At the time of exercise of the unit warrants
 the holders also exercised the underlying warrants to purchase shares of common stock. In connection with these transactions
 the Company issued an aggregate of 17
342 shares of common stock. For cash flow purposes
 During 2011
 the Company repurchased 2
798
538 shares of common stock from the secondary market. In connection with the transaction
 the Company paid approximately $23.1 million.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

         2012
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

209
344
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 As of December 31
 2012
 the Company had outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 787
000 shares of common stock. No warrants are outstanding as of December 31
 On January 30
 2006
 the Company&#39;s board of directors and shareholders adopted and approved
 and on February 27
 2007 the Company&#39;s board of directors and shareholders approved the amendment and restatement of
 the Company&#39;s Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan). The Incentive Plan allows for awards of stock options
 restricted stock grants and share appreciation rights for up to 1
800
000 shares of common stock. On April 21
 2008
 the Compensation Committee of the Company&#39;s board of directors approved
 and on June 26
 2008 the Company&#39;s shareholders approved
 an amendment to the Incentive Plan for the purpose of increasing the authorized shares from 1
800
000 shares to 2
500
On March 31
 2011
 the Company granted stock options to an executive officer to purchase 34
000 shares of the Company&#39;s common stock with an exercise price of $15.15 per share


On April 24
 2011
240
000 shares of the Company&#39;s common stock with an exercise price of $15.48 per share
 equal to the closing price of the Company&#39;s common stock on April 21
 2011


 On March 31
 2010
 the Company granted stock options to an executive officer to purchase 33
000 shares of the Company&#39;s common stock with an exercise price of $12.70 per share
 equal to the closing price of the Company&#39;s common stock on March 31
 2010. These options were accounted for using the fair value method
 On April 24
 2010
 the Company granted stock options to its 22 employees to purchase 240
000 shares of the Company&#39;s common stock with an exercise price of $13.42 per share
 equal to the closing price of the Company&#39;s common stock on April 23
 2010
 the last trading day before April 24
 2010 (Saturday). These options were accounted for using the fair value method
 The Company adopted the fair value recognition which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all stock-based payment awards made to the Company&#39;s employees and directors
 including stock options and employee stock purchases. Stock-based compensation expense for stock options was based on the grant-date fair value. During the process of estimating the fair value of the stock options granted and recognizing share-based compensation
 The fair value for these awards was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions
Years Ended December 31
The expected volatilities are based on the historical volatility of the Company&#39;s common stock. The observation is made on a weekly basis. The observation period covered is consistent with the expected life of the options. The risk-free rate is consistent with the expected terms of the stock options and is based on the United States Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. In estimating expected lives of the options

 along with historical experience; however
 due to insufficient historical data from which to reliably estimate expected lives
 Zhongpin used estimates based on the simplified method set forth by the SEC in Staff Accounting Bulletins No. 107
 where expected life is estimated by summing the award&#39;s vesting term and contractual term and dividing that result by two. Insufficient historical data from which to reliably estimate expected lives is expected to exist for the foreseeable future due to different terms associated with awards granted in recent years
 At December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the Company had nil
 $446
026 and $446
026 unrecognized stock-based compensation

1
055
720
274
(15
1
314
993
(22
(505
787
787
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock warrants and options granted during the years 2012
 2011 and 2010 was nil
 $6.10
 $5.40
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of warrants and options exercised during the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 was approximately $29
750
 $208
500 and $9
577
157
 The total fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 was $4
230
300
 $1
474
050
 $1
480
100
 respectively. The total stock-based compensation for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $515
566
 $1
610
815 and $2
343
771
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

519
000

745
000

212
000

127
000

886
000

086
000

453
000

783
000

639
603
334

456
208
266

720
275


        

791
000

498
000

621
000

476
000

230
000

037
000

146
000

916
000

385
506

328
603

729
471


        

834
000

280
000

732
000

535
000

252
000

726
000

642
000

784
000

381
145

404
041

285
531


        

848
000

043
000

981
000

197
000

700
000

323
000

315
000

883
000

068
677

220
727

279
969


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

639
603
334

456
208
266

720
275


        

486
217
828)

304
879
663)

990
804)


        

385
506

328
603

729
471


        
        
        
        


        

828
805)

232
976)

062
697)


        

553
595)

581
604)

726
564)


        

508)

815)

899)


        

048
453

614
167

015
780


        

004
361)

924
562)

443
940)


        

381
145

404
041

285
531


        
        
        
        


Interest expenses
 net

426
753)

547
864)

910
006)


Other income (expenses)
 net

223
272

075

953
667


        

310
979

933
821

184
302


        

159
        
        


        

607
343)

380
968)

772
037)


        

773
802

023
073

513
494


        

658
623)

808
041)

233
525)


        

115
179

215
032

279
969


        

502)

695
        


        

068
677

220
727

279
969


        

511
134

361
288

638
236


        

227)

388)
        


        

508
907

327
900

638
236


        

626
313

576
320

918
205


        

729)

693)
        


        

577
584

548
627

918
205


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

273
652

505
027

837
656


        

328
792

539
880

270
410




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 45
 46
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 The Company&#39;s land use rights as of December 31
At December 31
124
983
102
918
 (8
198
 (5
936
 116
785
 96
981
 The amortization of land use rights for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $2
390
501
 $1
886
475
 $1
422
251
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

        

      






PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT [Abstract]
        


PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
PROPERTY
 A summary of property
 plant and equipment as of December 31
At December 31
 Plants and buildings
368
003
326
254
 Machinery and equipment
156
202
136
356
7
101
6
058
4
522
4
010
 (65
382
 (44
749
 470
447
 427
929
 The depreciation expenses for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $23
364
078
 $17
415
069 and $13
613
922
 Of the above information
 property
 plant and equipment under the sale-leaseback agreement at cost as of December 31
At December 31
171
18
774
41
4
 (2
475
 16
516
 The deferred losses were fully amortised upon termination of the sale-leaseback agreements in November 2012. The deferred losses included in the property and equipment balance were $0 and $1
375
173 at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 and would be amortized over the lease term. Of the depreciation expenses
 $1
372
641 and $1
120
654 were amortization of deferred loss and depreciation expense from assets under capital lease
 respectively
 for the year ended December 31
 2012; $1
513
776 and $1
472
010 were amortization of deferred loss and depreciation expense from assets under capital lease
 respectively
 for the year ended December 31
 In the fourth quarter 2012
 the Company suspended the production activities of Deyang Zhongpin due to the increasing raw material hog prices and its underperformance in the past years and determined that the carrying value of the assets at Deyang Zhongpin will not be fully recovered. In accordance with the Company&#39;s policy for impairment of long-lived assets
 an impairment loss of $2
712
908 was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2012 to adjust the carrying value of Deyang Zhongpin&#39;s property
 plant and equipment to the Company&#39;s estimate of their fair value. Fair value was estimated using the replacement cost method by comparison to the available surrounding market. As the Company has no intention to sell the facility
 no third party buyer price was solicited. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 impairment loss of property
 plant and equipment were $2
712
908
 nil and nil
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 Earnings per share (basic and diluted) for the years ended December 31
 2012
Years Ended December 31
 44
068
 64
220
58
279
37
273
38
505
34
837
 55
 34
 432
 37
328
 38
539
 35
270
 Of the 787
000 options outstanding at December 31
 2012
 547
000 options were anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31
 2012. 240
000 options were dilutive and therefore included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31
 2012. All potentially dilutive securities were included in diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31
 2012 as the average market price is greater than the exercise price of the options outstanding.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 Amounts outstanding under the Company&#39;s long-term debt arrangements at December 31
December 31
December 31
 24
659
 14
283
76
525
81
099
1
052
1
197
11
932
15
077
38
183
 1
623
 1
619
153
976
113
277
 (52
183
 (16
016
 101
792
 97
261
 In April 2012
 Changchun Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with China Development Bank pursuant to which Changchun Zhongpin may borrow up to RMB 300 million ($47.7 million). Changchun Zhongpin drew down RMB 125 million ($19.9 million) in April 2012
 RMB 76 million ($12.1 million) in July 2012 and RMB39 million ($6.2 million) in October 2012. As of December 31
 2012
 Changchun Zhongpin had RMB 60 million ($9.5 million) available for borrowing under such loan agreement. All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (7.21% per annum on December 31
 In April 2012
 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with China Construction Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 15 million ($2.4 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.65% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable on each anniversary of the agreement based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms) and are payable in March 2014. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 In March 2012
 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with China Construction Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 50 million ($8.0 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.65% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable on each anniversary of the agreement based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms) and are payable in March 2014. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 In June 2011
 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with China Construction Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 50 million ($8.0 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.08% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable on the anniversary of the agreement based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms) and are payable in installments in March and June 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 In December 2010
 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 25 million ($4.0 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.15% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&#39;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable in December 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 In September 2010
 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 75 million ($11.9 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40 % per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&#39;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable in installments on various scheduled repayment dates between September 2011 and December 2014. Borrowings under the loan agreement are guaranteed by our wholly owned subsidiary
 Zhumadian Zhongpin. Henan Zhongpin has repaid $0.5 million in aggregate
 and $11.4 million remained outstanding as of December 31
 In July 2010
 Tianjin Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Tianjin Zhongpin may borrow up to RMB 300 million ($47.7 million). Tianjin Zhongpin drew down RMB 50 million ($8.0 million) in July 2010
 RMB 80 million ($12.7 million) in November 2010 and RMB 110 million ($17.5 million) in May 2011. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 property and plant of Tianjin Zhongpin. As of December 31
 2012
 the total outstanding balance under the agreement was $30.2 million and Tianjin Zhongpin had $1.6 million available for borrowing under the loan agreement. All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&#39;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable in installments in June 2013
 In June 2010
 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with China Construction Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 40 million ($6.4 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (5.76% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable on each anniversary of date of the agreement based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms) and are payable on June 29
 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 In April 2010
 in connection with the purchase of a piece of land from Changge Old Town
 Changge Old Town extended a loan to Henan Zhongpin with a principal amount of RMB 10.2 million ($1.6 million) and bearing interest at the rate of 7.00% per annum payable on June 30
 2010 and each anniversary thereafter. Such loan does not have a fixed term and the principal amount of the loan should be repaid by Henan Zhongpin upon six months prior written notice from Changge Old Town. The full amount of the loan remained outstanding as of December 31
 In March 2010
 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 53 million ($8.4 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&#39;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable in installments on various scheduled repayment dates between December 2011 and December 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 property and plant of Henan Zhongpin. Henan Zhongpin has repaid $6.3 million in aggregate
 and $2.1 million remained outstanding as of December 31
 In February 2010
 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 71 million ($11.3 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.15% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&#39;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable on February 3
 2013. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 In December 2009
 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Agriculture Bank of China pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 70 million ($11.1 million). All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40% per annum on December 31
 2012 and adjustable in the month immediately following the publishing of rate adjustments by the People&#39;s Bank of China during the term of the loan) and are payable in installments on various scheduled repayment dates between December 2010 and December 2014. Borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the land use rights
 property and plant of Luoyang Zhongpin. Henan Zhongpin has repaid $1.4 million in aggregate
 and $9.7 million remained outstanding as of December 31
 In November 2009
 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with China Merchants Bank pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin borrowed RMB 95 million ($15.1 million). The first 50% of the loan was drawn down in November 2009 and the remaining 50% of the loan was drawn down in March 2010. All amounts borrowed under the loan agreement bear interest at a floating rate that is based on the prime rate published by the People&#39;s Bank of China for loans with the same or similar terms on the drawdown date (6.40% per annum on December 31
 In May 2002
 Henan Zhongpin entered into a loan agreement with the Bank of Communications
 Zhengzhou Branch
 which is the intermediary bank for a 40-year term loan in the amount of $2
504
969 from the Canadian government. Under the terms of the loan agreement
 58% of the principal amount ($1
452
882) of this loan bears interest at the fixed rate of 6.02% per annum and remaining principal amount of this loan is interest free. The loan is repayable in a fixed amount of $42
083
 which includes both principal and interest
 that is payable on a semi-annual basis through November 15
Due in the year of
52
183
52
660
20
682
5
409
 23
039
153
976
 (52
183
 101
792
 Of the $382.6 million short-term and long-term loans outstanding as of December 31
 2012
 $109
140
085 are secured by land use rights and property
 plant and equipment of the Company&#39;s subsidiaries. The total amount of land use rights and property
 plant and equipment pledged was $181
650
364 as of December 31
 For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 loan interest including short-term and long-term bank loans of $34
213
004
 $23
544
822 and $8
655
602 were incurred
 and $34
213
004
 $23
190
103 and $ $7
535
089 were charged to interest expense
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

183
597
        


        

660
887
        


        

682
523
        


        

409
275
        


        

039
967
        


        

976
249

277
749


        

183
597)

016
419)


        

792
652

261
330




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 Construction in progress as of December 31
December 31
December 31
 886
926
30
838
128
5
576
2
215
1
065
375
338
42
868
62
164
108
40
838
7
954
 46
 86
509
 47
887
 Estimated cost to complete current construction in process is $4.4 million. For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the amount of interest capitalized is $0 and $354
719
Represents date all regulatory permits and approvals are received and project is placed in service. In certain cases
 construction of a project may be substantially completed and the project may be operational during a testing period prior to such date.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 12
 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 3
 6
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 million aggregate principal amount of short-term bank loans at December 31
 2012
 million were guaranteed by the Company&#39;s subsidiaries in China
 loans in the aggregate principal amount of $8.0 million were secured by land use right of the Company&#39;s subsidiaries
 and loans in the aggregate principal amount of $19.1 million were guaranteed by Huanghe Enterprises Group Co.
 Ltd.
 an unaffiliated third party (Huanghe Group). These loans bear interest at prevailing lending rates in China ranging from 5.88 % to 7.22% per annum.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 The income before income taxes for the years ended December 31
 2012
Years Ended December 31
55
334
73
029
66
794
(3
9
9
 (5
556
 (4
015
 (4
291
 49
773
 69
023
 62
513
 The income tax provision for the years ended December 31
 2012
Years Ended December 31
5
666
4
738
4
260
(7
69
(26
 5
658
 4
808
 4
233
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components that give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31
At December 31
653
315
219
257
 (72
800
572
(1
142
(603
 10
057
 7
553
8
915
6
950
 (9
659
 (7
474
 (743
 (524
 The U.S. entity had an accumulated net operating loss (NOLs) of $23
808
453 and $18
251
851 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Under the U.S. tax laws
 the net operating loss can be carried forward for 20 years and carried back for 2 years. Accordingly
 the nominal deferred tax assets could be $8
094
874 as of December 31
 2012. A valuation allowance is required when there is significant uncertainty as to the realizability of deferred tax assets. Because the realization of the U.S. entity&#39;s deferred tax assets is dependent upon future income in the U.S. operations that have generated losses
 management determined that the U.S. entity does not meet the more likely than not threshold that NOLs and deferred tax assets will be realized. Accordingly
 The PRC subsidiaries had an accumulated net operating loss of $7
851
933 and $4
661
345 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Under the PRC tax laws
 the net operating loss can be carried forward for 5 years and cannot be carried back. Accordingly
 the nominal deferred tax assets could be $1
962
725 as of December 31
 2012. Management believes that only portion of these potential tax benefits is more likely than not to be realized as these PRC subsidiaries will generate operating profits in the foreseeable future. As a result
 a valuation allowance of $1
706
 Pursuant to PRC Enterprise Tax Law (EIT)
 the PRC subsidiaries of Zhongpin Inc. is obligated to withhold income tax on dividends paid-out to the U.S. entity
 a foreign entity
 and non-resident
 for earnings retained after January 1
 2008. As the PRC subsidiaries are wholly or majority owned by the U.S. holding entity
 the Company anticipates no cash dividends in the foreseeable futures
 and all earnings will be used to re-invest in the PRC subsidiaries. Accordingly
Years Ended December 31





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          












          

        
        


        
        
        


        

808
453

251
851


        

094
874
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

851
933

661
345


        

962
725
        


        

706
373
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


Stock issued
 shares
        

000
000
        


Common stock
 price per share
        
        
        


        
        

400
000
        


        

375

000
        


        
        
        
        


Warrants exercised (cashless)
 shares
        

342
        


Options exercised on broker-assisted cash basis
 shares

000
        
        


        

000
        

040


Treasury stock
 shares

166
838

798
538
        


        

225
646

131
074
        


Common share repurchase
 shares

300
        
        


        

094
572)

131
074)
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

165

342


        

614

449


        

600)
        


        

179

791


        
        
        


        

142
290)

109)


        

057
599

553
484


        

915
309

950
375


        

659
178)

474
774)


        

869)

399)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
December 31
 886
926
30
838
128
5
576
2
215
1
065
375
338
42
868
62
164
108
40
838
7
954
 46
 86
509
 47
887
 Estimated cost to complete current construction in process is $4.4 million. For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the amount of interest capitalized is $0 and $354
719
Represents date all regulatory permits and approvals are received and project is placed in service. In certain cases
 construction of a project may be substantially completed and the project may be operational during a testing period prior to such date.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


VAT recoverable
 net of impairment

682
114

166
505


        

962
571)

693
641)


        

719
543

472
864




        
          

        
          
            

 net of impairment
 before taking into consideration any valuation allowance
 as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 In May 2012
 Henan Zhongpin entered into a mutual guarantee agreement with Huanghe Group
 upon the expiration of a previous mutual guarantee agreement between Henan Zhongpin and Huanghe Group. Under the agreement
 Henan Zhongpin agreed to guarantee bank loans of Huanghe Group in an amount up to $23.9 million and Huanghe Group agreed to guarantee Henan Zhongpin&#39;s bank loans in an amount up to $23.9 million. The agreement will expire in May 2013. At the expiration of the agreement
 The business purpose for the mutual guarantee is to provide each party with a credit line from banks that would have otherwise been unavailable absent the guarantee. As bank credit loans are generally unavailable in China
 companies are required to provide either a pledge of assets
 a third-party guarantee or a combination of both in order to receive loans. In the case of pledges
 companies can pledge their assets
 including
 among other things
 land
 buildings and machines
 to banks as collateral to secure loans; however
 banks generally will only loan up to 50% to 70% of the value of the pledged assets. Alternatively
 if a company provides the banks with a guarantee agreement
 Henan Zhongpin&#39;s obligation as guarantor to repay loans on behalf of Huanghe Group will only arise if Huanghe Group cannot repay its loans and proceeds from liquidating Huanghe Group&#39;s pledged assets are insufficient to cover its outstanding debt. Henan Zhongpin&#39;s actual liability for such guarantee
 should the guarantee obligation become due
 will vary depending on the difference between the outstanding bank loan plus accrued interest and the proceeds received for the liquidated collateral. Henan Zhongpin did not pledge any of its assets in connection with the mutual guarantee agreement as this guarantee was not based on credit quality concerns
 but rather based on the local banks&#39; requirements. In the event Henan Zhongpin is required to pay all or a portion of any loans covered by the mutual guarantee
 At December 31
 2012
 Henan Zhongpin had outstanding guarantees for $18.9 million of Huanghe Group&#39;s bank loans under the agreement. All of the bank loans guaranteed by Henan Zhongpin will mature within the next 12 months. As a result
 the maximum potential amount of future payments (undiscounted) Henan Zhongpin could be obligated to make under the mutual guarantee at such date was $18.9 million. The Company did not record any liability on its balance sheet with respect to this mutual guarantee as the Company believes
 based upon its continuing due diligence on Huanghe Group and its business
 On March 27
 2012
 the Company announced that its Board of Directors had received a preliminary
 non-binding proposal from the Company&#39;s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Xianfu Zhu
 stating that Mr. Zhu intended to seek to purchase the remaining shares of the Company that he does not presently own (the Proposed Buyout). Following this announcement
 at least three lawsuits have been filed in Delaware naming the members of the Company&#39;s Board of Directors and/or the Company as defendants. On November 26
 2012
 the Company announced that it had entered into a definitive merger agreement with Golden Bridge Holdings Limited
 a Cayman Islands exempted company (Parent)
 Golden Bridge Merger Sub Limited
 a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub) and Mr. Xianfu Zhu (the Merger Agreement). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the transactions contemplated thereby
 at the effective time of the merger
 each share of the Company common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than shares owned by (i) Parent or Merger Sub
 (ii) Mr. Xianfu Zhu
 Mr. Baoke Ben
 Mr. Chaoyang Liu
 Mr. Qinghe Wang
 Mr. Shuichi Si and Ms. Juanjuan Wang
 (iii) the Company or any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company or (iv) stockholders who have properly exercised and perfected appraisal rights under Delaware law)
 will be converted automatically into the right to receive $13.50 in cash
 without interest. Following the November 2012 announcement of the Merger Agreement
 one additional lawsuit was filed in Delaware naming as defendants the members of the Company&#39;s Board of Directors
 the Company
 Parent
 On April 3
 2012
 a verified shareholder class action lawsuit was filed by Phillip Meeks in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against the Company and members of its Board of Directors
 alleging that
 inter alia
 the Company&#39;s Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the Proposed Buyout
 and that the price per share proposed by Mr. Zhu represented inadequate consideration in light of the Company&#39;s intrinsic value and future prospects
 and that the Company aided and abetted the breach of fiduciary duties. The plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing the Company from proceeding with the Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu
 On April 11
 2012
 a verified shareholder class action lawsuit was filed by Richard Bauschard in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against members of the Company&#39;s Board of Directors
 alleging that
 inter alia
 the Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the Proposed Buyout
 and that the price per share proposed by Mr. Zhu represented inadequate consideration in light of the Company&#39;s intrinsic value and future prospects. The plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing the defendants from proceeding with the Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu
 On April 18
 2012
 a verified shareholder class action lawsuit was filed by Harry Vonderlieth in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against the Company and members of its Board of Directors
 alleging that
 inter alia
 the Company&#39;s Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties to the shareholders in connection with the Proposed Buyout
 and that the price per share proposed by Mr. Zhu represented inadequate consideration in light of the Company&#39;s intrinsic value and future prospects
 and that the Company aided and abetted the breach of fiduciary duties. The plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing the Company from proceeding with the Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu
 On December 4
 2012
 after the announcement of the Company&#39;s entering into the Merger Agreement
 a verified shareholder class action lawsuit was filed by Ernesto Rodriguez in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against the Company and members of its Board of Directors
 Parent and Merger Sub
 alleging that
 inter alia
 the Company&#39;s Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties to the Company&#39;s shareholders in connection with the Proposed Buyout and the Merger Agreement
 and that the price per share and other terms provided for in the Merger Agreement are inadequate and unfair in light of the Company&#39;s intrinsic value and future prospects
 and that the Company
 Parent and Merger Sub aided and abetted the breach of fiduciary duties. The plaintiff seeks damages
 declaratory relief and injunctive relief
 including an order preventing the Company from proceeding with the Proposed Buyout or any transaction with Mr. Zhu
 In accordance with accounting standards regarding loss contingencies
 the Company accrues an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated
 and the Company discloses the amount accrued and an estimate of any reasonably possible loss in excess of the amount accrued
 if such disclosure is necessary for the Company&#39;s financial statements not to be misleading. The Company does not accrue liabilities when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated
 Because litigation outcomes are inherently unpredictable
 the evaluation of legal proceedings often involves a series of complex assessments by management about future events and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. If the assessments indicate that loss contingencies that could be material to any one of the Company&#39;s financial statements are not probable
 but are reasonably possible
 or are probable
 but cannot be estimated
 then the Company discloses the nature of the loss contingencies
 With respect to the legal proceedings and claims described above
 such litigation is still in its preliminary stages and the final outcome
 including the Company&#39;s liability
 if any
 with respect to such litigation
 is uncertain. At present
 the Company is unable to estimate a reasonably possible range of loss
 if any
 that may result from such litigation. If an unfavorable outcome were to occur in the litigation described above
 the impact could be material to the Company&#39;s business
 financial condition
 In addition
 it is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under the indemnification provisions under the terms and conditions of applicable bylaws
 certificates or articles of incorporation
 In November 2009

 Ltd. (CMB Leasing) pursuant to which Henan Zhongpin sold to CMB Leasing equipment with a book net value of $8.3 million for $5.9 million and leased such equipment back. The lease payments for this equipment are paid on a quarterly basis over a three-year period and consist of a fixed payment based upon a 36-month amortization of the purchase price plus an interest component that is based upon the rate announced from time to time by the People&#39;s Bank of China for three-year loans. At December 31
 2012
 the quarterly rental fee under the agreement was $571
163
 In November 2009
 Luoyang Zhongpin entered into a sale-leaseback agreement with CMB Leasing pursuant to which Luoyang Zhongpin sold to CMB Leasing equipment with a book net value of $6.8 million for $4.4 million and leased such equipment back. The lease payments for this equipment are paid on a quarterly basis over a three-year period and consist of a fixed payment based upon a 36-month amortization of the purchase price plus an interest component that is based upon the rate announced from time to time by the People&#39;s Bank of China for three-year loans. As of December 31
 2012
 the quarterly rental fee under the agreement was $428
372
In November 2009
 Zhumadian Zhongpin entered into a sale-leaseback agreement with De Lage Landen (China) Co.
 Ltd. (De Lage Landen) pursuant to which Zhumadian Zhongpin sold to De Lage Landen equipment with a book net value of $5.9 million for $6.0 million and leased such equipment back. The lease payments for this equipment are paid on a monthly basis over a three-year period and consist of a fixed payment based upon a 36-month amortization of the purchase price plus an interest component that is based upon the rate announced from time to time by the People&#39;s Bank of China for three-year loans. At December 31
 2012
 the monthly rental fee under the agreement was $190
891
 In April 2012
 Henan Zhongpin entered into a lease agreement with China Resources Shuguang Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. for the office in Beijing. The monthly rental fee and utility fee under the agreement was $8
 As of December 31
 2012
Years ending December 31
107
107
40
254
196




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Year Ended December 31
(Unaudited
 in thousands
441
415
408
374
1
639
42
39
35
35
153
16
18
17
19
72
9
11
10
12
44
Year Ended December 31
(Unaudited
 in thousands
405
398
366
285
1
456
36
40
39
35
151
15
24
23
22
86
Year Ended December 31
(Unaudited
 in thousands
9
18
19
16
64
221




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 23
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 December 31
1
 1
 1
 December 31
1
1
 1
 1
 December 31





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2009

842
856

662
        

169
902

699
375

938
917

842
856
        


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2009

662
314

662
314
        
        
        
        
        
        


Warrants exercised (cashless)
 shares
        

057
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Warrants exercised (cash)
 shares
        

789
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

503
952
        
        

503
454
        
        

503
952
        


Option exercised
 shares
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

040
        
        

997
        
        

040
        


        

343
771
        
        

343
771
        
        

343
771
        


        

279
969
        
        
        

279
969
        

279
969
        


        

638
236
        
        
        
        

638
236

638
236
        


Balance at Dec. 31
 2010

993
824

338
        

401
989

979
344

577
153

993
824
        


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2010

338
160

338
160
        
        
        
        
        
        


Warrants exercised (cashless)
 shares

342

342
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Option exercised
 shares

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

610
815
        
        

610
815
        
        

610
815
        


Common shares offering
 shares
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

356
662

000
        

351
662
        
        

356
662
        


Common share repurchase
 shares
        
        

798
538)
        
        
        
        
        


        

131
074)
        

131
074)
        
        
        

131
074)
        


        

215
032
        
        
        

220
727
        

220
727

965)


        

361
288
        
        
        
        

327
900

327
900

388


        

683
        
        
        
        
        
        

683


Balance at Dec. 31
 2011

206
230

355

131
074)

364
449

200
071

905
053

378
854

376


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2011

556
964

355
502

798
538)
        
        
        
        
        


Warrants exercised (cashless)
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Option exercised
 shares

375

000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        

980
        
        

000
        


        

566
        
        

565
        
        

565
        


Common share repurchase
 shares

300
        

300)
        
        
        
        
        


        

094
572)
        

094
572)
        
        
        

094
572)
        


        

115
179
        
        
        

068
677
        

068
677

502


        

511
134
        
        
        
        

508
907

508
907

227


Balance at Dec. 31
 2012

437
536

376

225
646)

063
993

268
748

413
960

561
431

105


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2012

209
344

376
182

166
838)
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 A summary of VAT recoverable at December 31
At December 31
 VAT recoverable
42
682
35
166
 (9
962
 (4
693
 32
719
 30
472
 For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 valuation allowance against VAT recoverable totaled to $5
268
930
 $4
693
641 and nil
 In the fourth quarter of 2012
 the Company suspended the production activities of Deyang Zhongpin due to the increasing raw material hog prices in the region and has planned to change the subsidiary into a trading only subsidiary. The Company determined that the VAT recoverable balance for Deyang Zhongpin will not be utilized as trading of agricultural products are not subject to input or output value-added taxation. As such
 Deyang Zhongpin&#39;s entire VAT recoverable balance of $1
335
 In the fourth quarter of 2011
 the Company terminated the operating leases of buildings and equipment of Jilin Zhongpin due to the new opening of Changchun Zhongpin
 which will substantially cover the Jilin province
 and suspended the production activities in Jilin Zhongpin. The Company determined that the VAT recoverable balance for Jilin Zhongpin will not be utilized as there will not be any output VAT generation for input VAT deduction in the future. As such
 Jilin Zhongpin&#39;s entire VAT recoverable balance of $1
614
 In the fourth quarter of 2010
 the Company terminated the operating leases of buildings and equipment of Heilongjiang Zhongpin due to the local market condition as well as the fact that the leased equipment was getting too outdated. The Company determined that the VAT recoverable balance for Heilongjiang Zhongpin will not be utilized as there will not be any output VAT generation for input VAT deduction in the future. As a result
 Heilongjiang Zhongpin&#39;s entire VAT recoverable balance of $1
015
780 was written off as impairment loss in 2010.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

976
249

277
749

659
932

283
674

525
336

099
525

052
087

197
758

932
225

077
211

183
120

000
000
        

623
549

619
581


        

183
597)

016
419)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

792
652

261
330
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      






























        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Outstanding
 beginning balance
        
        
        
        

314
564

055
564
        


Exercisable
 beginning balance
        
        
        
        

000

000
        


        

000

000

000

000
        

000
        


        
        
        
        
        

375)

000)
        


        
        
        
        
        

189)
        
        


Outstanding
 ending balance
        
        
        
        

000

314
564

055
564


Exercisable
 ending balance
        
        
        
        

000

000

000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Outstanding
 beginning balance
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Exercisable
 beginning balance
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Outstanding
 ending balance
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Exercisable
 ending balance
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
 Effective July 1
 2009
 the Company adopted the authoritative pronouncement issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB) regarding non-controlling interests in consolidated financial statements. The pronouncement requires non-controlling interests to be separately presented as a component of equity in the consolidated financial statements.


        
RMB
 the national currency of China
 is the primary currency


        
 Certain accounting principles require subjective and complex judgments to be used in the preparation of financial statements. Accordingly
 a different financial presentation could result depending on the judgments
 estimates
 or assumptions that are used. Such estimates and assumptions include
 but are not specifically limited to
 those required in the valuation of long-lived assets
 allowance for doubtful accounts
 reserves for inventory obsolescence
 valuation allowances for value added tax (VAT) recoverable and deferred tax assets
 and determination of stock based compensation.


        
 Revenues generated from the sales of various meat products and vegetables and fruits are recognized when these products are delivered to customers in accordance with previously agreed upon pricing and delivery arrangements
 and the collectability of these sales is reasonably assured. Since the products sold by the Company are primarily perishable and frozen food products
 the right of return is only valid for a few days and has been determined to be insignificant by the management of the Company. Accordingly
 no provision has been made for returnable goods. Revenues presented on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income are net of sales taxes.


        
        


        
 Under the terms of the credit agreements with certain of its lenders
 Henan Zhongpin has agreed to maintain with such lenders an amount of cash that will serve as collateral for its delivery of such lenders&#39; bank promissory notes. The amount of bank promissory notes that are to be delivered by Henan Zhongpin to such lenders can be up to twice the amount of such deposits. As such deposits may not be withdrawn by Henan Zhongpin without restriction
 such cash deposits are presented as restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheets.


        
 The Company only accepts notes issued by banks in the normal course of business as payment for products sold by the Company. These bank notes receivables have maturity dates of up to 180 days and bear no interest. In addition
 the Company may also acquire bank notes receivable
 with maturity of less than 6 months
 from third parties
 at a lower cost compared to the face value of the bank notes
 The Company can hold these bank notes until the maturity date and collect the amount from the issuing banks
 or the Company can use these bank notes as means for payment for goods or services received. The Company accrues no provision for these bank notes as such bank notes have little risk of default in China.


        
 During the normal course of business
 the Company&#39;s policy is to ask customers to make deposits in reasonable and meaningful amounts on a case-by-case basis. For certain customers
 The Company regularly evaluates and monitors the creditworthiness of each of its customers in accordance with the prevailing practice in the meat industry and based on general economic conditions in China. The Company maintains a general policy of providing 100% allowance for doubtful accounts in an amount equal to the aggregate amount of those accounts that are not collected within one year plus an amount equal to 5% of the aggregate amount of accounts receivable less than one year old. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed
 the receivable is written off against the allowance. The Company also examines the credit terms of significant customers regularly and asks for more cash deposits if these customers appear to have any indicators of delaying their payments to the Company. Such deposits are usually applied for the collection of the outstanding accounts receivable during the year. With such a practice in place
 the Company did not have any specific allowance for doubtful accounts provided against specific customers as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
December 31
December 31
2
323
1
708
2
478
714
 (26
 (99
 4
775
 2
323
920


        
 Inventories are comprised of raw materials and low-value consumables
 work-in-progress
 and finished goods. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market-based prices according to the weighted average method. Production cost components include the purchase cost of live hogs
 direct labor
 depreciation
 packaging material
 utility expense and other manufacturing overhead. By using a systematic costing system
 the production cost is allocated to various products at the stage of work-in-progress and finished goods
 respectively. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price
 in the ordinary course of business
 less estimated costs to complete and dispose. The Company regularly inspects the shelf life of prepared foods and
 if necessary
 writes down their carrying value based on their salability and expiration dates as cost of goods sold.


Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
 Property
 Maintenance and repairs are charged directly to expense as incurred
 whereas improvements and renewals are generally capitalized in their respective property accounts. When an item is retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and applicable accumulated depreciation are removed and the resulting gain or loss is recognized and reflected as a line item under other income (expenses).


        
 The Chinese government owns all of the parcels of land on which the Company&#39;s plants are built. In China
 land use rights for commercial purposes are granted by the PRC government typically for a term of 40-50 years. The Company is required to pay a lump sum of money to the State Land and Resource Ministry of the applicable locality to acquire such rights. The Company capitalizes the lump sum of money paid and amortizes these land use rights by using the straight line method over the term of the land use license granted by the applicable governmental authority.


        
        


        
 The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of that asset. Whenever any such impairment exists
 an impairment loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. For information on impairment associated with long-lived assets
 please see Note 5.


        
 The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 advance to vendors
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 short-term loans are reasonable estimates of their fair value because of the short maturity of these items. The carrying amounts of capital lease obligations approximate their fair value based on the Company&#39;s current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of arrangements. Long-term debt approximates fair value since the bank term loans are fixed rate instruments and bear interests at the rate dictated and published by the People&#39;s Bank of China. The current rates published by the People&#39;s Bank of China approximate the interest rates of the loans outstanding. Please see Note 14 for further details of fair value measurement.


        
 Full time employees of the PRC entities participate in a government mandated employer defined contribution plan
 pursuant to which certain pension benefits
 medical care
 unemployment insurance and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require the Company to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees&#39; salaries. The total provision for such employee benefits was $2
206
890
 $1
449
978 and $839
062 for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.


        
        


        
 Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense amounted to $3
407
486
 $3
913
185 and $3
484
126 for fiscal 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.


        
 All China-based enterprises are subject to a VAT imposed by the PRC government on their domestic product sales. The output VAT is charged to customers who purchase goods from the Company and the input VAT is paid when the Company purchases goods from its vendors. Input VAT rates are 13% for most of the purchasing activities conducted by the Company. Output VAT rate is 13% for chilled pork products
 frozen pork products and vegetable and fruit products
 On a quarterly basis
 the Company forecasts for each of its subsidiaries separately the amount of sales revenue necessary to fully utilize the VAT recoverable. Once the VAT recoverable for a subsidiary is determined to be non-recoverable in part or in full
 the VAT recoverable is written off and booked as cost of goods sold or as impairment loss
 depending on the nature of the event triggering the VAT write-off. The factors considered when evaluating to which account VAT recoverable is written off are as follows: i) if VAT is determined to be non-recoverable due to significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results or negative industry or economic trend
 VAT recoverable will be written-off to cost of goods sold
 or ii) if VAT is determined to be non-recoverable due to significant changes in the strategy of the overall business
 VAT recoverable would be written off as impairment loss. For information on write-offs of VAT recoverable
 please see Note 4.


        
 The Company classified its leases at the inception date as either a capital lease or an operating lease. A lease is a capital lease if the following conditions exist: a) ownership is transferred to the lessee by the end of the lease term
 b) there is a bargain purchase option
 c) the lease term is at least 75% of the property&#39;s estimated remaining economic life or d) the present value of the minimum lease payments at the beginning of the lease term is 90% or more of the fair value of the leased property to the lessor at the inception date. A capital lease is accounted for as if there was an acquisition of an asset and an incurrence of an obligation at the inception of the lease. All other leases are accounted for as operating leases. There is no capital leases commitment as of December 31
 2012. For information on capital and operating leases
 please see Note 15.


        
 The Company receives employee and certain non-employee services in exchange for (a) equity instruments of the Company or (b) liabilities that are based on the fair value of the Company&#39;s equity instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of such equity instruments. The Company accounts for stock compensation expense under the fair value recognition provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718 (ASC 718)
 which requires companies to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option pricing model. See Note 12
 Stock Warrants and Options
 for further discussion on stock compensation expense.


        
 Basic earnings per share does not include dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution of securities that could share in the earnings of an entity
 similar to fully-diluted earnings per share. Such shares are excluded if determined to be anti-dilutive. Of the 787
000 options outstanding at December 31
 2012
 547
000 options were anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. The number of shares of common stock underlying the outstanding stock warrants and options at December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were 240
000
 767
564 and 1
055
564
 respectively
 which were all included in the computation of diluted earnings per share.


        
 The Company&#39;s subsidiaries in China receive government subsidies from local Chinese government agencies in accordance with relevant Chinese government policies. In general
 the Company presents the government subsidies received as part of other income unless the subsidies received are earmarked to compensate a specific expense
 which have been accounted for by offsetting the specific expense
 such as research and development expense or interest expenses. Unearned government subsidies received are deferred for recognition until the criteria for such recognition could be met.


        
 Research and development expenses are expensed as incurred. The research and development expenses for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were $573
508
 $495
815 and $638
899
 respectively.


        
 Under the corporate law and relevant regulations in the PRC
 all of the subsidiaries of the Company located in the PRC are required to appropriate a portion of its retained earnings to statutory reserve. All subsidiaries located in the PRC are required to appropriate 10% of its annual after-tax income each year to the statutory reserve until the statutory reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital. In general
 the statutory reserve shall not be used for dividend distribution purposes. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the appropriation of statutory reserves were $4.6 million
 $7.1 million and $6.4 million
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the appropriation of statutory reserves were $34.1 million and $29.5 million
 respectively
 and included in the Company&#39;s retained earnings.


        
 The Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Codification 220
 
 which establishes standards for reporting and presentation of comprehensive income and its components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements. The Company has chosen to report comprehensive income in the statements of operations and comprehensive income. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to shareholders&#39; equity except those due to investments by owners and distributions to owners.


        
Zhongpin Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 4
 2003 and is subject to federal income tax and Delaware state income tax. Falcon Link was established under the laws of the British Virgin Islands on July 21


 2012
 and is subject to Hong Kong profits tax of 16.5%. The Company&#39;s other subsidiaries
 which are all located in China
 are subject to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax (EIT) Law
 which became effective January 1
 2008 and has a uniform statutory tax rate of 25 percent. Under the EIT Law
 income derived by an enterprise from the primary processing of agricultural products (including slaughtering live hogs) is exempt from EIT. Consequently
 10 of the Company&#39;s 19 subsidiaries in China which principally operate in the slaughtering business in China
 The Company&#39;s other 9 subsidiaries in China are subject to the uniform 25% tax rate in relation to non-primary processing of agricultural products
 Zhongpin (Hong Kong) Trading Co.
 There is no consolidated enterprise income tax return concept in China. As a result
 if one subsidiary has net income
 that net income cannot be offset by the loss incurred in another subsidiary within the consolidated company. Similarly
 if one subsidiary has a net operating loss
 The Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. See Note 10
 Income Taxes
 for further information regarding our income taxes.


        
 The consolidated financial statements for prior years reflect certain reclassifications
 which have no effect on previously reported results
 to conform to the current year presentation.


        
 The Company has reviewed recently issued accounting standards which have not yet been adopted in order to determine their potential effect
 if any
 on the results of operations or financial position of the Company. Based on that review
 the Company does not believe that any of those accounting pronouncements will have a significant effect on its current or future financial position
 results of operations
 cash flows or disclosures.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 10
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 5
 7-20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7-15
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph i
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 6
 7-15
 17
 18
 19
 32
 34
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 7
 9
 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Schedule of Property

      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Schedule of Property



      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    




    








    

Dec. 31


Sep. 30


Jun. 30


Mar. 31


Dec. 31


Sep. 30


Jun. 30


Mar. 31

    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Years Ended December 31
 44
068
 64
220
58
279
37
273
38
505
34
837
 55
 34
 432
 37
328
 38
539
 35
270
410




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 The Company has adopted ASC Topic 820
 
 which defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in GAAP
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It does not require any new fair value measurements
 but provides guidance on how to measure fair value by providing a fair value hierarchy used to classify the source of the information. It establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy of valuation techniques based on observable and unobservable inputs
 Level 2 - Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 The carrying value of financial items of the Company including cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 other receivables
 advance to vendors
 accrued liabilities and short-term borrowings loans
 approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature and are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company&#39;s financial items are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 advance to vendors
 The following table sets forth the Company&#39;s financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis and where they are classified within the hierarchy as of December 31
64
781
64
781
153
976
153
976
 Note receivable approximates fair value since it bears interest at SHIBOR
 as is normally charged for notes of similar nature. Long-term debt approximates fair value since the bank loans are fixed rate instruments and bear interests at the rate dictated and published by the People&#39;s Bank of China. The current rates published by the People&#39;s Bank of China approximate the interest rates of the loans outstanding.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 15C
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 44A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 3
 10
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17-22
 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 32
 33
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













