

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-14-000496
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140331
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001101026
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				870699977
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30415
		FILM NUMBER:		14728380
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 WEST SQUARE LAKE RD
		CITY:			BLOOMFIELD HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(248) 452 9866
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 WEST SQUARE LAKE RD
		CITY:			BLOOMFIELD HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48302
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTERN GLORY HOLE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991215






















 2013






Health Enhancement Products
 Inc.














2804 Orchard Lake Rd.
 Suite 202
 Keego Harbor
 MI 48320












Common Stock
 par value $.001 per share 



 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 






 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 



 if any
 every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 



 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. &nbsp;See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer
&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one).





















 2013 by non-affiliates of the issuer was $37
734
238 based on the closing price of the registrant&#146;s common stock on such date.


 2014
 there were 122
368
760 shares of $.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding







HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC.






























Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


































&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.































 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. These statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause our or our industry&#146;s actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to statements regarding: 



















 you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as &#147;may&#148;
 &#147;&nbsp;will&#148;
 &#147;should&#148;
 &#147;could&#148;
 &#147;would&#148;
 &#147;expects&#148;
 &#147;plans&#148;
 &#147;anticipates&#148;
 &#147;believes&#148;
 &#147;estimates&#148;
 &#147;projects&#148;
 &#147;predicts&#148;
 &#147;potential&#148; and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors that may cause our actual results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties
 you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also
 these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Except as otherwise required by law
 we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained in this report to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events
 conditions or circumstances on which any of our forward-looking statements are based. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 













 1983
 under the name of &#147;L. Peck Enterprises
 Inc.&#148; On May 27
 1999
 we changed our name to &#147;Western Glory Hole
 Inc.&#148; &nbsp;From 1990 until October 2003
 we had no business operations; we were in the development stage and were seeking profitable business opportunities. &nbsp;On October 30
 2003
 we acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of Health Enhancement Corporation (HEC) in exchange for 9
000
000 of our shares
 making HEC our wholly-owned subsidiary. In connection with this transaction
 we changed our name to Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. (HEPI). 


 AZ produced and marketed a liquid dietary supplement with marginal success beginning in 2003 until sales were suspended in January of 2012. &nbsp;&nbsp;


 in place since December 2011
 determined the sole focus for the near term was to move forward with a research-based product development program. &nbsp;Over the course of 2012 and 2013
 we engaged fully in such activities
 all as more fully explained herein. &nbsp;We are implementing a business model in which we would derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients that may be derived from or are initially based on the algae cultures. We expect that these planned new products will likely be sold to much larger
 better-financed animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. &nbsp;The anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 and b) bulk sales of such ingredients. These bulk ingredients will likely be made by contracted ingredient manufacturers and then sold by us to animal food
 dietary supplement and medical food processors and/or name-brand marketers. Further
 we expect to license our bioactive molecules as lead compounds or templates for synthetic variants intended for therapeutic applications.


 we established HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. as our wholly owned subsidiary (HEPI Pharma). The purpose of HEPI Pharma was to develop potential pharmaceutical applications for the bioactive ingredients that may be derived from our algae cultures.


 we formed Zivo Biologic
 Inc.
 a Delaware Corporation
 for the purpose of manufacturing and commercialization of proprietary ingredients for non-medicinal animal health applications. Zivo Biologic is 100% owned by Health Enhancement Products
 Inc.


 we acquired the assets
 consisting primarily of intellectual property rights
 of Wellness Indicators
 Inc. (&#147;Wellness&#148;)
 a Michigan corporation based in Illinois. &nbsp;&nbsp;Concurrently
 we formed WellMetris
 LLC (&#147;WellMetris&#148;) as a 100% owned entity of HEPI. &nbsp;We assigned all of the intellectual property acquired to WellMetris. The mission of WellMetris is to develop
 manufacture
 market and sell Wellness Tests. &nbsp;The Wellness Tests are intended to provide individuals the information and opportunity to optimize their health and identify future health risks or to provide insurers
 employers and healthcare providers timely information to intervene with wellness programs
 fitness regimes or other preventative measures.






 we intend to approach potential customers or licensees in the following market verticals. &nbsp;The products described throughout this document are still in the development stage
 and subject to development risk. &nbsp;There can be no assurance that any of the products described below will prove to be effective
 or if found to be effective
 will be able to be produced in a commercially viable manner.




 or significantly reducing symptoms
 of bovine mastitis &#150; a condition that effectively stops milk production. According to the National Mastitis Council
 the condition affects 10% of the U.S. dairy herd at any one time
 costing producers approximately $1
100 per case. In the U.S. alone
 causes a highly contagious and potentially fatal form of bovine mastitis (an infection of the mammary gland)
 for which there currently is no treatment. &nbsp;In the cow&#146;s udder
 mammary epithelial cells form an immunological barrier to protect the mammary gland. &nbsp;When bacteria or other pathogens break through this barrier
 an infection sets in
 affecting quality and quantity of milk produced. &nbsp;&nbsp;Our compounds showed promising early results for restoration of the immunological barrier in experiments conducted in vitro
 as conducted by the Principle Researcher at the University of Wisconsin
 Department of Dairy Science. 







 2013
 we entered into a confidential Collaboration and Option Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;) with a global animal health company in connection with the prevention
 treatment
 and management of bovine mastitis. &nbsp;In the Agreement
 we granted to the counterparty an exclusive option to negotiate an exclusive license with us. &nbsp;Specifically
 upon completion of a collaborative study (which is in process)
 the Agreement provides for a 90 day exclusivity period for evaluation of results and
 based on the counterparty&#146;s desire for an exclusive license thereto
 90 days to conclude an exclusive license agreement. 


 we intend to move on three related fronts &#150; working to bring an algal feed ingredient to market in the United States by amplifying the algae culture; working to produce a bovine dietary supplement for global consumption outside the U.S.; and
 putting ourselves in a position to license the isolated bioactive molecules to a pharmaceutical or drug development company for synthetic development as a prescribed drug for production animal applications.


 also known as &#147;shipping fever.&#148; BRDC typically occurs when beef cattle are shipped from the ranch to the feedlot prior to processing. According to the American Association of Beef Producers
 cattle ranchers and feedlot operators attribute a 30% loss in body weight to BRDC when it occurs &#150; a $10 billion problem in the U.S. alone. We are planning a field study to validate several dosing modalities before offering a licensing option. 


 which if successful could allow a relatively rapid release to production and sales as a companion animal dietary supplement. According to the Nutrition Business Journal
 the canine joint-health dietary supplement market segment tops $360 million in the U.S. alone. Estimates for the world market may be substantially higher
 but such estimates are difficult to obtain. If our product is proven to be effective and can be produced on an efficient basis
 we intend to sell or license our product as a supplement ingredient to larger
 well-established and profitable brand-names in the pet industry. &nbsp;We have conducted a number of studies simulating the effects of osteoarthritis with positive results.


 the isolated bioactive molecules found in the amplified algae product can be licensed to a pharmaceutical company for development as a synthetic prescription drug. We expect that the process of developing and testing such a drug could take years. &nbsp;Therefore
 as is common practice
 we intend to work toward negotiating a reasonable upfront licensing fee
 milestone payments upon each successful conclusion of Phases 1
 2 and 3
 followed by pre-market approval; and finally
 a steady stream of royalties in the future. The other revenue streams generated by feed and supplement sales may begin to be realized in 2015. Much of the research and licensing progress is paced by the availability of capital funding and/or debt financing.




 functional foods
 or health foods
 represent an estimated $20 billion business in the U.S. and a $28 billion business in Europe. The Middle East
 although significantly smaller
 is growing at a rate of 12-14% annually
 followed closely by the newly-affluent in China and India. These foods typically are processed products that contain one or more staple foods augmented with a variety of performance-enhancing ingredients.






 Omega-3 fish oil
 resveratrol
 saw palmetto and similar supplements attests to the American public&#146;s obsession with &#145;natural&#146; products. The dietary supplement business is a $28 billion industry in the U.S. alone
 and twice that the world over. 


 we will endeavor to private-label the compound or finished product for larger
 established marketers and retailers. If we are able to accomplish this
 we believe this is a more efficient use of capital and resources while still retaining control of the intellectual property
 the manufacturing process and pricing decisions. We do not intend to be placed in a position where our premier product application is commoditized and we must compete on price. 




 during or after various medical procedures
 including surgery
 chemotherapy
 radiation therapy and physical therapy. At times
 medicinal foods are used to augment the effects of prescription drugs. These medicinal foods are expensive and typically reimbursed by health insurers.







 but the standards are less stringent than pharmaceutical applications. &nbsp;Once again
 under our new business model
 if we are able to produce a commercial product in this area
 we will endeavor to enter into a private-label arrangement with a larger strategic partner to produce and distribute this product application.


 we developed an alternate use for extracted algal carrageenan
 which can be mixed with sugar and other ingredients to create a gelatin-like substance and then mixed with over-the-counter medications
 dietary supplements
 gluten-free proteins
 medical food ingredients such as electrolytes
 and our own
 proprietary algal compounds to create a novel delivery method for children and individuals who can&#146;t swallow pills or chew
 but are not candidates for intravenous feeding or medical intervention.


 remains inert with the majority of such active ingredients
 and remains stable and flavorful at room temperature for up to two (2) years. A provisional patent has been filed while various combinations of medicines and supplements are being evaluated as ingredient candidates. &nbsp;


 we will endeavor to license or private-label this new development to larger
 well-established brand names in their respective fields.




 the process for developing a new prescription drug is costly
 complex and time-consuming. It is an undertaking well beyond our current financial capabilities and one that may take years to achieve. We will likely seek a partnership with a co-developer that will share in the risk and expense of the initial development process
 and then share in any royalties resulting from the licensing or sale of any synthetic molecule and its homologs we are able to develop and license.


 licenses fees and royalty payments across animal and human applications. 




 manufacturing
 marketing
 and selling tests that we believe will allow individuals and their care providers to optimize &nbsp;personal health and identify future health risks. &nbsp;We plan to develop and commercialize such tests in three phases:



 we plan to develop and commercialize a series of tests
 which are intended to measure indicators of good health and optimal metabolic function (collectively
 the &#147;Phase One Test&#148;). &nbsp;The Phase One Test is being designed to measure biomarkers related to oxidative stress
 inflammation
 and antioxidant capacity to establish a metabolic assessment from which intervention can commence
 and from which metabolic syndrome can be inferred.


 we plan to develop and commercialize a testing technology &nbsp;focused on &nbsp;the positive or negative metabolic effects of diet and dietary supplements in a self-administered format that integrates with smartphone operating systems.


 we plan to develop and commercialize tests intended to provide a complete metabolic profile for an individual utilizing the metabolites present in urine. &nbsp;&nbsp;The Company believes the Phase Three Tests will allow identification of healthy versus unhealthy bodily processes in real-time.


 diabetes
 autoimmune diseases and cancer. &nbsp;&nbsp;The Wellness Tests are intended to identify pre-conditions to such illnesses. &nbsp;Such identification may allow for early intervention and reduce incidence of such illnesses or forestall their onset. &nbsp;This is critically important to large employers
 insurers and governmental agencies who are payers for health claims and are facing massive increases in premiums or cash outlays. 


 report
 record and manage wellness and health data for large groups such as pension funds
 accountable care organizations
 state Medicaid agencies and their actuarial consultants
 underwriters
 re-insurers and wellness consultants. The software also contains tools to conduct meta-analysis of baseline health benchmarks and monitor the progress of pre-clinical intervention programs within large groups.















 Omega-3 and antioxidants are made and marketed in a fiercely competitive
 price-sensitive market environment. Proprietary products offered by some marketers are often dogged by unsubstantiated claims of product efficacy or present potential product safety issues
 which in turn draw the attention of regulators. The optimal position for a supplement and ingredient maker is when pricing power can be exerted through well-protected intellectual property and further backed by well-documented safety and efficacy claims.


 Cognis
 ConAgra
 Cargill and Nestle
 each of which has active M&amp;A efforts
 a large scientific staff and a generous R&amp;D budget to develop supplements and ingredients for a wide range of applications. However
 we intend to approach these very same competitors as potential strategic partners
 in order to leverage their specific expertise in certain food and supplement categories where a mutually beneficial relationship can be struck. &nbsp;There can be no assurance that this strategy will be effective.


 the companion animal dietary supplement segment
 and specifically joint health
&nbsp;is made up almost exclusively of chondroitin/glutathione supplements
 which have dominated that segment for more than a decade. This $360 million segment represents a potentially lucrative opportunity to introduce a completely new product if we are able to demonstrate superior benefits and produce a product at a comparable price. 


 the animal health market as it pertains to mastitis in dairy cows
 and specifically feed ingredients that exhibit beneficial properties
 has been largely in the realm of yeast-based products. Only recently has there been a focus on algae-based alternatives
 as promoted by Alltech with its $200 million expansion of an algae facility in Kentucky. In the U.S.
 feed ingredients cannot be promoted using any form of health claim
 and dietary supplements for production animals are non-existent. However
 outside the U.S.
 the use of dietary supplements is widespread
 and we intend to market our refined ingredients to a worldwide market in partnership with a global brand name.




 which changes markedly throughout the day. Blood-based wellness tests are even less reliable because the biomarkers for oxidative stress and inflammation are extremely dynamic and will change before the blood can be tested
 casting doubt on the results. 


 there is no guarantee that our products will be proven to be effective and commercially viable
 or that a larger
 better-financed competitor may not emerge once we begin promoting our products. &nbsp;






 including algae
 and these source materials are held in growing environments at our contract research facilities. We are using these materials for research and development purposes only. &nbsp;&nbsp;We have also contracted a well-known research facility where we have cryopreserved a broad sampling of our cultures. &nbsp;




 we will need two physical components to deliver our services. &nbsp;A dedicated
 custom reader device and a test strip comprised of eight (8) different chemistry tests on a single urine test strip housed in a proprietary cartridge.



 custom reader device is manufactured by a third party to our specifications. &nbsp;We do not believe that there is a risk of supply
 as there are several manufacturers available to produce the unit.


 as there are several manufacturers available to produce the units.








 we have readjusted the business model to focus in the near term on research and development in order to license our product and technology to third parties. &nbsp;At this time
 there are no customers providing any revenue.






 we are only manufacturing the product for purposes of research and development programs that are currently underway. 




 we are using third parties to manufacture our custom reader device and a test strips.




 we have secured a patent and federal trademark registrations in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (&#147;USPTO&#148;) as described below: 



807
622 relates to our proprietary complex algale culture. &nbsp;The title of the patent is: Composition and use of phyto-percolate for treatment of disease. &nbsp;This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phyto-percolate that is derived from fresh water mixture including algae. The invention further relates to the potential use of the phyto-percolate in a variety of disease states. &nbsp;This patent was filed on November 30
 2006 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date (which can be extended via Patent Term Adjustment and Patent Term Extension). The initial term would expire on November 30
 2026. &nbsp;


 trade names
 service marks
 and the like which will continue as long as we use those respective marks.


 await examination or are in process:









7
807
622









2
631
773






Response to Examination Report filed 10/01/12




12/897
574










12/947
684





PCT/US2010/056862 Canadian App. No. 2
780
144
Annuity paid
 request for examination due 11/16/15





























12/067
735
Second Office Action received
 response entered 4/22/13

Composition for Affecting Cytokines
 Lactoferrin
 and Serum amyloid A

61/834
842
Application Filed 6/13/2013
 non-provisional and PCT due 6/13/14




National Phase entered 8-22-12 (US
 JP
 MX)
















SN 13/580
471
















SN 61/835
282




SN 2
827
401





SN 61/871
665




SN 61/872
928




SN 13/812
220




SN 13/435
662


Systems
 Methods and Program Products for Collecting and Organizing Health Data

SN 13/397
360




SN 13/550
342




61/367
486





61/480
114



























 our product(s) are subject to extensive governmental regulations. &nbsp;In the United States
 these laws
 regulations and other constraints exist at the federal
 state and local levels and at all levels of government in foreign jurisdictions. The majority of these regulations directly relate to (1) the formulation
 clinical testing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 sale and storage of our product(s) and (2) product claims and advertising
 including claims and advertising by us
 as well as claims and advertising by distributors for which we may be held responsible.




 the formulation
 testing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 storing
 labeling
 promotion
 advertising
 distribution and sale of our product(s) are subject to regulation by various governmental agencies
 primarily (1) the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and (2) the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). &nbsp;Our activities also are regulated by various agencies of the states and localities and foreign countries in which our product(s) are manufactured
 promoted
 distributed and sold. The FDA
 in particular
 regulates the formulation
 manufacture and labeling of conventional foods
 dietary ingredients and dietary supplements (or nutraceuticals).


 drugs
 cosmetics and medical devices in the United States. &nbsp;To the extent that we manufacture finished product(s) for sale to consumers (and in certain other limited circumstances where we sell our product as an ingredient)
 FDA regulations require us to comply with current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) regulations for the preparation
 packing and storage of dietary supplements. &nbsp;This is a complex series of regulations that have posed significant compliance challenges to the supplement industry. &nbsp;&nbsp;To the extent that we supply our product(s) as ingredients for the use in foods or nutraceuticals
 we would be required to comply with cGMP regulations for foods
 as well as the provisions of the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 which require all companies involved in the production of food and food ingredients to develop and implement a Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) program.


 Drug and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA) by recognizing &#147;dietary supplements&#148; as a distinct category of food and
 we believe
 is generally favorable to the dietary supplement industry. &nbsp;The legislation grandfathered
 with some limitations
 dietary ingredients that were on the market before October 15
 1994. &nbsp;A dietary supplement that contains a dietary ingredient that was not on the market before October 15
 1994 will require evidence of a history of use or other evidence of safety establishing that it is reasonably expected to be safe. &nbsp;To the extent that we offer for sale unique
 proprietary ingredients we will be required to file with FDA evidence supporting the conclusion that we have a &#147;reasonable expectation&#148; that they will be safe for human consumption when used as directed. &nbsp;FDA recently published an &#147;Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking&#148; which the nutraceutical industry believes will substantially increase the level of evidence required to satisfy the &#147;reasonable expectation&#148; standard.


 truthful and non-misleading statements of nutritional support to be made in labeling
 such as statements describing general well-being from consumption of a nutraceutical ingredient or the role of a nutrient or dietary ingredient in affecting or maintaining structure or function of the body. &nbsp;A company making a statement of nutritional support must possess adequate substantiating scientific evidence for the statement
 disclose on the label that the FDA has not reviewed the statement and that the product is not intended to mitigate
 treat
 cure or prevent disease
 and notify the FDA of the statement within 30 days after its initial use. &nbsp;To the extent we produce finished product for use by consumers as nutraceuticals
 we will be required to comply with these provisions of DSHEA. &nbsp;




 this category of products is subject to the Nutrition
 Labeling and Education Act (NLEA) and regulations promulgated under the NLEA. The NLEA regulates health claims
 ingredient labeling and nutrient content claims characterizing the level of a nutrient in the product. The ingredients added to conventional foods must either be generally recognized as safe by experts (GRAS) or be approved as food additives under FDA regulations. 


 which exercises jurisdiction over the advertising of our product
 has for years instituted enforcement actions against companies marketing supplements for alleged false
 misleading or unsubstantiated advertising of some of their products. &nbsp;The FTC has specific guides for advertising claim substantiation as well as for the use of testimonials. &nbsp;As a general matter
 companies making health related claims for their products or ingredients are required to possess well designed human clinical studies supporting such claims at the time they are made. &nbsp;Enforcement actions have often resulted in consent decrees and significant monetary payments by the companies involved. In addition
 the FTC has increased its scrutiny of the use of testimonials which we have and may in the future utilize.









 we may be required to obtain an approval
 license or certification from the relevant country's ministry of health or comparable agency. &nbsp;This would hold true for jurisdictions such as Canada
 the European Union
 Japan
 Australia and New Zealand. &nbsp;The approval process generally requires us to present each product and product ingredient to appropriate regulators for review of data supporting safety as well as substantiating any claims we may desire to make. &nbsp;&nbsp;We would also be required to comply with product labeling and packaging regulations that vary from country to country. Our failure to comply with these regulations could prevent our product(s) from being legally offered for sale. &nbsp;




 also known as Proposition 65
 provides that no person in the course of doing business shall knowingly discharge or release a chemical known to the state to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity into water or into land where such chemical passes or probably will pass into any source of drinking water
 without first giving clear and reasonable warning. &nbsp;Among other things
 the statute covers all consumer goods (including foods) sold in the State of California. &nbsp;Prop. 65 allows private enforcement actions (sometimes called &#147;bounty hunter&#148; actions). &nbsp;Reports indicate that over 100 such actions have been commenced annually over the past 3 years against companies in the nutraceutical industry (e.g.
 lead content of calcium
 lead content of ginseng
 PCB in fish oil) alleging that their products are contaminated with heavy metals or other compounds that would trigger the warning requirements of the Act. &nbsp;While we take appropriate steps to ensure that our products are in compliance with the Act
 given the nature of this statute and the extremely low tolerance limits it establishes (well below federal requirements)
 there is a risk that we
 our contracted producer or a licensee could be found liable for the presence of miniscule amounts of a prohibited chemical in our product. &nbsp;Such liability could be significant.




 we will produce research-only feedstock for chemical analysis
 safety studies and efficacy studies compliant with applicable state and federal regulations. However
 we will rely on our research partners to conduct their respective R&amp;D programs in a manner compliant with applicable regulation and law. Once a product concept has been fully developed
 we intend to manufacture that product
 either internally or on a contract basis. In either case
 we intend to adhere to all state and federal regulations relative to the safety and efficacy of the product application
 as well as relevant regulations covering the safe and consistent manufacture of that product.




 which are advising us as to the most time and cost-efficient path to classification and approvals.






 beginning in 2004. In spring of 2009
 we undertook a research and development process with a view to fractioning the existing product into much smaller
 concentrated groups of molecules with similar physical properties. These groups were then tested 


018
000 for the year ended December 31
 2013 on research and development
 as compared to $677
000 in 2012. Of the $1
018
000
 $41
000 was spent on internal research
 mainly involving in-house testing and development of the algae (both &#147;in vitro&#148; and &#147;in vivo&#148; testing)
 and $977
000 was spent on external research
 mainly to independent facilities involved in the analysis and validation of our bioactives compounds in various applications and animal models. To date
 all of these amounts have been directly expensed as they have been incurred.







 the Company moved forward with the following R&amp;D activities:



 a long-term study utilizing primary bovine mammary epithelial cells at the University of Wisconsin &#150; Madison allowed the Company to conduct more than one hundred &nbsp;individual experiments &nbsp;to test the bioactivity of different culturing
 validation experiments for efficacy in treating bovine mastitis for the foreseeable future
 as we transition from natural products to development of synthetic homologs being readied for licensing. &nbsp;



 utilizing samples validated 



 using our natural bioactive compounds. The study is now being repeated and expanded. Additional tests are being conducted using the original biopsy samples. 








 but also testing the method of isolation and then validating that the isolated molecules retain their bioactivity across a select range of human and animal cell lines
 studies. We must ensure that this does not occur occasionally
 it is required for every production process
 every safety validation process and every intended application
 such as a canine dietary supplement that is mixed with food
 as opposed to a canine dietary supplement that is administered in the form of a chewable caplet. Further
 as we now enter production scale-up
 we are required to provide cGMP protocols and QA protocols that show we can produce the algal biomass and/or the active ingredients safely
 consistently and in known dosages
 and therefore rely on these same experiments and methods to substantiate our quality claims. These datasets form the basis for establishing the value of a license agreement. Therefore
 every single license that we hope to issue requires its own data set and safety validation for the specific application being licensed. These datasets represent the core of the intellectual property that is being licensed.






 resulting in the creation of a product platform strategy whereby four different forms of the bioactive compound(s) could be formulated and developed for future marketing across several categories and applications: &nbsp;a) the raw algae biomass
 which would naturally contain the beneficial compound(s); b) a more refined extraction which could be introduced into animal feed or supplements; c) the isolated natural molecule(s) which could be more appropriate for human consumption in food or supplements; and d) the synthetic version of any such natural molecule(s) which could be licensed to drug development companies or joint-ventured in a risk-sharing arrangement.


 we contracted with several experts in the field to coordinate isolation of the different organisms present in the culture
 grow each of them separately and then subject them to the same life-cycle stressors as the original culture. The stated goal was to grow algae in bulk as a direct source of micro-nutrition and feed ingredient for production animals
 namely beef cattle and dairy cows
 as well as companion animal dietary supplementation. &nbsp;The production capability would be licensed to others. Per the business model
 &nbsp;we have no intention of fielding a finished product
 but rather empowering licensees to strike supply agreements with larger
 better-financed brand names or licensing directly with such brand names. There can be no assurance that commercially viable products will be developed
 or that they can be successfully and profitably manufactured and marketed.







 our contracted researchers have been able to successfully isolate one or more algal species
 scale up the production/output of the isolated species and still retain some of the key
 desirable bioactive properties associated with the earlier
 complex culture. At the close of 2013
 proof of concept growing techniques have shown that our target algal specie can be grown in commercially viable quantities
 and the harvest time has been compressed from several months to two weeks&#146; time. We are uncertain if we can grow biomass in sufficient tonnage for livestock feed
 but we believe that the current production methods will allow us to satisfy demand for a more refined extract introduced into animal supplements and
 as a more purified substance
 into human supplements.




 as it relates to autoimmune and anti-inflammatory response. These are very broad categories and work continues to describe the 3D structure of such compounds
 as the actual structure is how the bioactivity exists and where the value is locked. One approach among several we&#146;ve taken is to create synthetic homologs
 and from them deduce the 3D structure of the naturally bioactive compounds. This is an iterative process
 with equal potential for dead-ends and breakthroughs. Substantial time
 money
 and effort have been expended in this regard. We believe that we have made substantial progress towards achieving these hoped-for results
 but more confirmatory studies and scale-up experiments are still needed. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Subject to the availability of sufficient funding
 we estimate that we will
 in fiscal 2014
 be required to expend in excess of $3
000
000 on research and subsequent product development in order to complete the initiatives discussed herein. &nbsp;In addition to the activity in 2014
 we will continue our research and development efforts &nbsp;in 2015 and beyond. &nbsp;These expenditures will need to be met from external funding sources. In the past
 we have had difficulty raising funds from external sources. Thus
 we may not be able to raise the funding required to continue our research and development activities. In the event that these sources are not available or adequate to meet our research needs
 we will be unable to pursue our research activities
 in which case
 our ability to substantiate the accumulated intellectual property with objective clinical support for its characterization
 method of action and efficacy will continue to be impeded
 thereby severely hindering our ability to generate licensing revenue (or otherwise commercialize our products) and adversely affect our operating results.


 we will continue our current research program with our research partners
 we will expand our investigations to include various experts and consultants on an as-needed basis and explore new product concepts and applications. Our current contracts with our research partners cover the following activities:



 experiments
 standards development
 FDA compliance
 cGMP and QA protocols


 to substantiate efficacy and safety for each specific application or claim
 i.e.
 bovine mastitis
 bovine respiratory disease complex
 canine osteoarthritis
 canine joint health
 porcine respiratory/reproductive syndrome
 etc.
 to boost value for each specific license






 FDA safety compliance
 cGMP and QA protocols








 programmatic applications of its testing and reporting platform. We are interested in supporting the intervention by wellness consultants or medical professionals in the lifestyle choices made by individuals covered by traditional health insurance plans
 retiree medical benefits pools
 employer-sponsored health initiatives and taxpayer-sponsored programs like Medicaid. &nbsp;These interventions
 which are typically non-medical
 have been shown to be successful in delaying the onset of chronic diseases such as diabetes or cardiovascular problems. We believe that targeting asymptomatic individuals and focusing intervention efforts on these individuals may have a positive result for wellness programs
 and potentially lower premiums and health claims.


 primarily focused on those individuals who purchase dietary supplements
 join health clubs or are otherwise actively pursuing a healthy lifestyle. This involves miniaturizing some aspects of our test cartridge concept and creating a mobile application
 thereby eliminating the need for the analyzer device. This is a significant undertaking
 which will not commence until we realize revenues from our Phase 1 product launch or attract additional capital funding.








 in all material respects
 in compliance with local
 state
 and federal environmental laws applicable to our production and waste disposal. The cost of this compliance activity to date has not been material
 and has been absorbed within our general operations overhead.




 2013 we had three full-time employees
 positioned as follows: two employees in executive management and one employee in support services. In addition
 we have four part-time people acting on a consulting basis as our Chief Science Officer
 Director of Business Development
 Director
 Research &amp; Development and Product Development Manager. We believe that our employee relations are good. No employee is represented by a union. 



. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Form&nbsp;10-K and should not be considered part of this report or any other filing we make with the SEC. We file annual
 quarterly and current reports
 and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. &nbsp;&nbsp;Our filings with the SEC can be viewed at www.sec.gov.



Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an opinion on our consolidated financial statements which states that the consolidated financial statements were prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern and further states that our recurring losses from operations
 stockholders&#146; deficit and inability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations and sustain our operations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. &nbsp;

Unless and until we realize licensing and royalty revenues sufficient to cover our expenses
 we will be reliant upon external sources to fund our continued operations. There is no guarantee that this funding will continue. If we are unable to raise additional funds
 there will be a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

&nbsp;We do not have resources to pursue the development
 manufacturing and making of products on our own
 and we will need to rely on third parties for some of these activities. &nbsp;

The ability to market our product is dependent upon proven
 clinical research. 
 there is no guarantee that the research will successfully achieve this goal. If our current research does not return the results we expect
 our business prospects will be materially and adversely affected. 

Nutraceutical and animal supplement products
 although not subject to FDA approval
 must follow strict guidelines in terms of production and advertising claims. Our ability to produce and successfully market our product is dependent upon adhering to these requirements. &nbsp;If we fail to comply with applicable government regulations concerning the production and marketing of our product
 we could be subject to substantial fines and penalties
 which would have a material adverse effect on our business.

We have a history of losses
 we expect to continue to incur losses and we may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. &nbsp;
 if and when we do become profitable
 we will sustain profitability. If we are ultimately unable to generate sufficient revenue to meet our financial targets
 become profitable and have sustainable positive cash flows
 investors could lose their investment.

We compete with a wide range of established companies in a variety of different markets
 all of whom have substantially greater name recognition and resources than we do. We face or will face other specialized competitors if we are able to expand into new vertical markets. These competitors may be more efficient and successful than we are. &nbsp;If we fail to compete successfully
 our operating results and financial condition will be materially adversely affected.






The future success of our business depends upon our ability to meet regulatory requirements for the sale of our products. Increased enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 as well as any laws
 regulations
 or changes that may be adopted or implemented in the future
 could limit our ability to market our products.

Our success depends in part upon the continued service of our senior management personnel. Our success will also depend on our future ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical
 managerial and marketing personnel. The market for qualified personnel has historically been
 and we expect that it will continue to be
 intensely competitive. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be successful in attracting or retaining such personnel. The loss of certain key employees or our inability to attract and retain other qualified employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.

In recent years
 there has been significant litigation in the U.S. and elsewhere involving patents and other intellectual property rights. Companies are increasingly bringing and becoming subject to suits alleging infringement
 misappropriation or other violations of patents
 copyrights
 trademarks
 trade secrets or other intellectual property rights. These risks have been amplified by an increase in the number of third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. &nbsp;We could incur substantial costs in prosecuting or defending any intellectual property litigation. Additionally
 the defense or prosecution of claims could be time-consuming and could divert our management's attention away from the execution of our business plan.




 any settlement or adverse judgment resulting from a claim could require us to pay substantial amounts or obtain a license to continue to use the technology that is the subject of the claim
 or otherwise restrict or prohibit our use of the technology. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain a license from the third patty asserting the claim on commercially reasonable terms
 that we would be able to develop alternative technology on a timely basis
 or that we would be able to obtain a license to use a suitable alternative technology to permit us to continue offering
 and our customers to continue using
 our affected products or technology. In addition
 we may be required to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims
 which would increase the cost to us. &nbsp;An adverse determination could also prevent us from offering our products or services to others. Infringement claims asserted with or without merit against us may have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


 such payments or costs could have a material adverse effect upon our business and financial results. &nbsp;Even if we are not a party to any litigation between a customer and a third party
 an adverse outcome in any such litigation could make it more difficult for us to defend our technology in any subsequent litigation in which we are a named party. &nbsp;Moreover
 such infringement claims with or without merit may harm our relationships with our existing customers and may deter others from dealing with us.

Our ability to compete effectively is dependent in part upon our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. &nbsp;While we hold one issued patent and pending patent applications covering certain elements of our technology
 these patents
 and
 more generally
 existing patent laws
 may not provide adequate protection for portions of the technology that are important to our business. In addition
 our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents.


 copyright
 trademark and trade secret laws offer us only limited protection and the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent. Accordingly
 defense of our trademarks and proprietary technology may become an increasingly important issue as we seek to expand our product development into countries that provide a lower level of intellectual property protection than the U.S. Policing unauthorized use of our trademarks and technology is difficult and the steps we take may not prevent misappropriation of the trademarks or technology on which we rely. If competitors are able to use our trademarks or technology without recourse
 our ability to compete would be harmed and our business would be materially and adversely affected.


 the reduction or loss in intellectual property protection for our technology
 the diversion of our management's attention and harm to our reputation
 any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. &nbsp;If we do not pay cash dividends
 you could receive a return on your investment in our common stock only if the market price of our common stock has increased when you sell your shares.





Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 or the perception that these sales could occur
 could cause the market price of our common stock to decline and impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional equity securities. We have outstanding warrants and convertible debt that may result in substantially more outstanding shares
 which could cause the price of our common stock to decline.

We have not finished developing our products or sold any products. &nbsp;We have only begun test marketing. &nbsp;We cannot be assured that there is a sufficient market demand for our products. &nbsp;In addition
 while we are actively pursuing the relationships necessary to begin manufacturing and marketing the Wellness Tests
 we have not yet finalized agreements with potential business partners
 including third-party resellers
 labs or distributors of the Wellness Tests. &nbsp;Failure to secure these critical alliances on reasonable terms could negatively impact us
 our business and future plans. &nbsp;&nbsp;

We do not own or operate
 and currently do not plan to own or operate
 manufacturing facilities for production of tests or devices which are critical to the successful operation of the business. We plan to target manufacturers and to form alliances for the mass production of its products
 but has no assurance that such alliances will be established. Furthermore
 once we enter into such relationships
 it may not have sufficient long-term agreements with any third-party manufacturers to ensure adequate supply and price controls. &nbsp;This may result in delays
 quality control issues
 additional expenses
 and failure to meet demand or other customer obligations or needs. &nbsp;

The success of the product is contingent upon one or more third parties manufacturing products according to design specifications. In practice
 this is difficult to enforce and guarantee. As a result
 we may never realize the expected efficiency
 quality or sensitivity of our products and
 as a result
 may be required to continue research and development with another manufacturer. &nbsp;If a joint venture partner or contractor fails to meet design specifications
 we will experience delays in commencing operations or delays in fulfilling orders in the future. Such delays could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition.








 Michigan and 2
000 square feet in Keego Harbor
 Michigan on a month to month basis to serve as the headquarters of our company. &nbsp;&nbsp;The monthly rent is $3
300.




 2010
 we executed a multi-year exclusive worldwide distribution agreement (&#147;Zus Agreement&#148;) regarding our ProAlgaZyme product (&#147;ProAlgaZyme&#148; or &#147;Product&#148;) with Zus Health
 LLC
 an international distributor of health and nutritional products (&#147;Zus&#148; or &#147;Distributor&#148;). This Agreement called for certain minimum payments subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Our new management team (in place since December 2011) had been assessing certain of our contractual relationships
 including the Zus relationship
 in the context of the regulatory environment in which we are currently operating. Based on this review
 we determined that Zus (as well as its purported assignee
 Ceptazyme
 LLC) had engaged in multiple material breaches of the Zus Agreement. &nbsp;On January 9
 2012
 a dispute arose when Zus Health attempted to assign its License Agreement to Ceptazyme. &nbsp;The Company notified Ceptazyme (i) that there was no agreement between the Company and Ceptazyme
 as the Company had not approved any assignment of the License Agreement by Zus Health to Ceptazyme and (ii) that
 even if there had been a valid assignment to Ceptazyme
 Ceptazyme had committed multiple material breaches of the agreement. &nbsp;The Company believed that Ceptazyme (i) failed to market the Company&#146;s product in a manner compliant with state and federal regulations
 and (ii) allowed its distributors to make claims and representations that were not in compliance with applicable regulations
 among many other breaches. &nbsp;As a result
 the Company filed a lawsuit in Michigan against Zus Health and Ceptazyme on January 16
 2012
 alleging breach of contract. &nbsp;Ceptazyme responded by filing suit in Utah against the Registrant on January 24
 2012
 also alleging
 breach of contract.


 2013
 the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release of all Claims (the &#147;Settlement Agreement&#148;) with Ceptazyme
 LLC (&#147;Ceptazyme&#148;) and Zus Health
 LLC (&#147;Zus Health&#148;) resolving claims the parties brought against one another in connection with a license agreement between the Company and Zus Health dated September 2
 2010 (the &#147;License Agreement&#148;). &nbsp;Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement
 the parties agreed to terminate the License Agreement and that no party would have any further obligations thereunder. &nbsp;No monetary consideration was exchanged in connection with the Settlement Agreement. 







 2013
 the Company
 through its legal counsel
 sent a notice to the landlord at 7740 E. Evans
 Scottsdale
 AZ that it expected a timely return of the $118
466 security deposit. &nbsp;On June 14
 2013
 the landlord filed a Complaint in the State Court of Arizona that the Company owed the landlord in excess of $210
000 in damages in addition to the $118
466 security deposit related to the property at 7740 E. Evans
 Scottsdale
 AZ. &nbsp;On July 24
 2013
 the Company filed an Answer and Counter Claim disputing the claim and asking the court for relief in the amount of $118
466. 







Item 5. &nbsp;Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.




 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. &nbsp;


Year ended December 31
 2012





























Year ended December 31
 2013




























 2013 we have 134 shareholders of record.


 due to our need to retain all of our cash for operations. &nbsp;We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.




 2013
 an investor received 21
111 shares as part of a cashless exercise of 35
000 common stock warrants that had an exercise price of $.10.


 2013
 investors received 1
191
181 shares as part of cashless exercises of 1
900
000 common stock warrants that had exercise prices at $.15. In addition we received proceeds of $85
000 from the exercise of 682
000 common stock warrants. 


 2013
 upon completion of funding on a $2
000
000
 11% convertible debenture
 we issued 600
000 shares of its common stock valued at $192
000 and 1
666
667 common stock warrants valued at $481
110 using the Black Scholes method of valuation.


 2013
 the Company received proceeds of $548
000 from the issuance of 2
077
273 shares of common stock and the exercise of 50
000 common stock warrants.


 2013
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $50
000 of 1% convertible debentures at $.05 per share.







 2013
 the Company issued 99
217 shares of its common stock valued at $40
802 and 858
936 common stock warrants valued at $356
304 using the Black Scholes method of valuation. We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 139.26%-147.03%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rates of 0.33-0.34%. 


 2013
 the Company issued 2
577
565 shares of its common stock valued at $1
159
904 for the purchase of assets from Essex Angel Capital.


 2013
 the Company issued 229
597 shares of its common stock in return for cashless exercises of 450
000 common stock warrants that had exercise prices of $.15 and $.225.


 2013
 the Company issued 800
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $55
000 of 1% convertible debentures at $.05 to $.125 per share.


 2013
 the Company issued 1
250
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $150
000 of 11% convertible debentures at $.12 per share.


 2013
 the Company issued 90
000 shares of its common stock valued at $32
310 and 250
000 common stock warrants valued at $75
507 using the Black Scholes method of valuation. We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 142.88%-143.44%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rates of 0.32-0.39%.


 2013
 the Company received proceeds of $256
500 from the issuance of 833
333 shares of common stock and the exercise of 33
000 common stock warrants.


 as amended (&#147;the Act&#148;) or Section 4(2) under the Act
 based on the following facts: in each case
 there was no general solicitation
 there was a limited number of investors
 each of whom was an &#147;accredited investor&#148; (within the meaning of Regulation D under the &#147;1933 Act&#148;
 as amended) and/or was (either alone or with his/her purchaser representative) sophisticated about business and financial matters
 each such investor had the opportunity to ask questions of our management and to review our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and all shares issued were subject to restrictions on transfer
 so as to take reasonable steps to assure that the purchasers were not underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(11) under the 1933 Act.










 we acquired Health Enhancement Corporation
 and changed our name from Western Glory Hole
 Inc. to Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. Western Glory Hole
 Inc. was a development stage company and had no operations during the year ended December 31
 2002 or during the year ended December 31
 2003
 until its acquisition of Health Enhancement Corporation in November 2003. 


 we have put in place a business model in which we would derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients that may be derived from or are initially based on our algae cultures. We expect that these planned products
 if they are proven to be effective and can be manufactured on a commercially reasonable basis
 will likely be licensed or sold to much larger
 well-established brand names in the animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food sectors
 while synthetic homologs may likely be licensed to pharmaceutical companies or other drug development entities. &nbsp;The anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive compounds or ingredients
 and b) bulk sales of such ingredients. These bulk ingredients will likely be made by contracted ingredient manufacturers and then sold by us to animal food
 dietary supplement and medical food processors and/or name-brand marketers.







 we are developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 and selling tests that we believe will allow people to optimize their health and identify future health risks. &nbsp;We plan to develop and commercialize such tests in three phases:



 we plan to commercialize a series of tests
 which are designed to measure indicators of good health and optimal metabolic function (collectively
 the &#147;Phase One Test&#148;). &nbsp;The Phase One Test measures biomarkers related to oxidative stress
 inflammation
 antioxidant capacity and other biomarkers to establish a metabolic assessment from which intervention can commence
 and progress (or failure to progress) toward a healthy metabolism can be objectively and scientifically monitored..


 we plan to develop and commercialize a testing technology &nbsp;focused on &nbsp;the positive or negative metabolic effects of diet and dietary supplements in a self-administered format that integrates with smartphone operating systems.


 we plan to develop and commercialize tests intended to provide a complete metabolic profile utilizing the metabolites present in urine and to establish the first complete human urinary metabolomics index. &nbsp;&nbsp;We believe the Phase Three Tests will allow identification of healthy versus unhealthy bodily processes in real-time. 


 employers and governments are struggling to hold the line on healthcare costs by intervening earlier in the disease process
 beginning with an assessment of pre-conditions to disease. Company management is not aware of any other firm or research entity that is organizing actionable information for use in health and wellness programs. &nbsp;&nbsp;


 we have been incurring significant operating losses and negative cash flow. We experienced only nominal sales of our sole product
 which was pulled from the market in January of 2012
 and have relied primarily on the sale of company securities and shareholder loans to fund operations. &nbsp;&nbsp;We are also experiencing an ongoing and substantial working capital deficiency. We have from time to time had difficulty raising capital from third parties. In December of 2013 through February of 2014
 we successfully raised capital to fund operations and research for the first quarter of 2014. If we are unable to obtain additional funding in the near term
 we may be unable to continue as a going concern
 in which case you would suffer a total loss of your investment in our company. 

Results of Operations for Years Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012




 2013 &nbsp;and &nbsp;2012 were $0. &nbsp;&nbsp;We implemented a new business model starting in 2012.




 2013 and 2012. As noted above
 we ceased all sales activities as of January 2012.




 as discussed earlier
 we implemented a new business model under which we expect to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from our algae cultures to much larger
 better-financed animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. &nbsp;The anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 and b) bulk sales of such ingredients. These bulk ingredients will be made by contracted ingredient manufacturers and then sold by us to food
 dietary supplement and medical food processors and/or name-brand marketers.


 we have not executed any other licensing agreements with the exception of the confidential Collaboration and Option Agreement
 executed on December 20
 2013 with an undisclosed global animal health company. 




000 to approximately $1
190
000 in 2013
 compared to approximately $938
000 in 2012. The increase in general and administrative expenses was due primarily to the hiring of additional staff and a reflection of an increase in the salary of the CFO due to expanded responsibilities. &nbsp;&nbsp;









000 to $902
000 in 2013 compared to $465
000 in 2012. &nbsp;Professional fees and consulting expense were increased in 2013 due to an increase in the use in outside consultants. &nbsp;&nbsp;We anticipate continued compensation to outside consultants as we explore marketing opportunities for our products. &nbsp;




 2013
 we incurred approximately $1
018
000 in research and development expenses
 as compared to $677
000 for the comparable period in 2012. These expenses are comprised of costs associated with internal and external research. Internal research and development was $41
000 in 2013
 compared to $137
000 in 2012. The decrease was due to the closure of the production research facility. We expect internal research and development to increase in 2014
 subject to the availability of sufficient funding
 which we do not currently have for such purpose. External research and development increased approximately $437
000 in 2013 to $977
000
 compared to $540
000 in 2012. This increase was due primarily to the increase in costs associated with external clinical trials. We expect external research and development to increase in 2014 as we pursue additional external trials
 subject to the availability of sufficient funding
 which we do not currently have. 




 we recorded a derivative liability of $552
988. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. &nbsp;We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;volatility 151.45%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .27%. &nbsp;In addition
 we recognized non-cash income of $24
422 representing the change in fair value of this derivative liability. &nbsp;We marked this derivative liability to fair value at December 31
 2011 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;volatility 151.49%
 annual rate of dividends 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


 2012
 as part of the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $496
375 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 143.36% over the remaining 1.66 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.


 2012
 as part of the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $507
916 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 140.93% over the remaining 1.57 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 we were required to record an additional derivative liability of $377
088 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.22
 an expected volatility of 160.96% over the 2 year life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 we were required to record an additional derivative liability of $616
040 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.35
 an expected volatility of 151.37% over the 2 year life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .24%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 we were required to record an additional derivative liability of $518
756 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.30
 an expected volatility of 151.72% over the 2 year life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .24%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 we were required to record an additional derivative liability of $856
410 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.47
 an expected volatility of 153.70% over the 2 year life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .20%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 we were required to record an additional derivative liability of $916
028 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.50 an expected volatility of 153.46% over the 2 year life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .22%.







 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 we were required to record an additional derivative liability of $504
699 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.32 an expected volatility of 146.56% over the 2 year life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .34%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 we were required to record an additional derivative liability of $418
790 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.46 an expected volatility of 147.03% over the 2 year life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .32%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 we were required to record an additional derivative liability of $479
502 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.45 an expected volatility of 139.26% over the 2 year life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .33%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 we were required to record an additional derivative liability of $214
525 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.37 an expected volatility of 134.91% over the 2 year life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .33%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 we were required to record an additional derivative liability of $185
438 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.33 an expected volatility of 134.11% over the 2 year life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .34%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 we were required to record an additional derivative liability of $248
701 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.42 an expected volatility of 133.07% over the 2 year life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .39%.


 2013
 we valued the derivative liability at $8
036
239 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.39
 an expected volatility of 133.09% over the remaining contractual lives of the note ranging from 0.90-1.93 years
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .38%. The fair value of the derivative increased by $ $1
674
135 which has been recorded in the statement of operations for the twelve months ended December 31
 2013.






 2013
 we incurred approximately $1
226
000 of finance costs paid in stock and warrants (non-cash)
 as compared to $755
000 for the year ended December 31
 2012
 a $471
000 &nbsp;increase. &nbsp;The increase in finance charges paid with stocks and warrants was due primarily to an increase in 2013 of $2
165
000 of convertible debentures issued. &nbsp;Amortization of bond discount increased approximately $796
000 from $669
000 in 2012 to $1
465
000 in 2013. &nbsp;The increase in bond amortization in 2013 was due primarily to an increase in the principal amount of notes issued in 2013
 compared to 2012. 




 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the reasons discussed herein
 there is a significant risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern
 in which case
 you would suffer a total loss of your investment in our company. 


 2013
 we had cash in the bank of $200
000. &nbsp;We have incurred significant net losses since inception
 including a net loss of approximately $10
096
000 during the year ended December 31
 2013. We have
 since inception
 consistently incurred negative cash flow from operations. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 we incurred negative cash flows from operations of approximately $2
986
000. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2013
 we had a working capital deficiency of $ 10
188
925 &nbsp;and a stockholders&#146; deficiency of $9
593
860. Although we recently raised a limited amount of capital
 we have a near term need for significant additional capital.







 2013
 our operating activities used approximately $2
986
000 in cash
 compared with $1
773
000 in cash during the comparable prior period. &nbsp;The approximate $1
213
000 increase in cash used by our operating activities was due primarily to the following (all of which are approximated): a $6
547
000 increase in net loss
 a $734
000 change (decrease) in accounts payable
 a $263
000 change (decrease) in deferred revenue and customer deposits
 a $118
000 change (increase) in miscellaneous receivables
 a $65
000 change (increase) in prepaid expenses
 &nbsp;and a $29
000 change (decrease) in &nbsp;obligation to issue common stock
 offset by a $2
822
000 increase in deferred finance costs (a non-cash expense item)
 a $2
181
000 increase in fair value adjustment of derivative liability (a non-cash expense item)
 &nbsp;a $763
000 increase in amortization and depreciation (a non-cash expense item)
 an increase of $428
000 of finance costs paid in stocks and warrants (a non-cash expense item)
 an increase of $425
000 in stocks and warrants issued for services rendered &nbsp;(a non-cash expense item)
 a $124
000 change (decrease) in security deposits
 and a change (increase) in deferred rent.


 2013 and 2012
 our investing activities used $331
000 and $4
000 in cash
 respectively. &nbsp;The difference of $327
000 is from to the purchase of intangible assets related to the Wellness Indicators transaction.


 2013 and 2012
 our financing activities generated $3
764
000 and $1
598
000 in cash
 respectively. The difference of $2
165
000 was primarily related to an net increase of proceeds from issuance of convertible debentures (with loans payable converted into convertible debentures) and an increase of $210
000 from the proceeds of sales of common stocks and the exercise of warrants
 offset by decrease of $35
000 in deferred finance costs.


 we entered into an agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC (&#147;HEP&#148;) under which HEP agreed to purchase convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of $2
000
000. &nbsp;During the course of 2013
 we amended this agreement to provide for funding up to $4
050
000. &nbsp;As of the date of this filing
 HEP had advanced $4
050
000 pursuant to this arrangement. 


 in January 2012
 we entered into an agreement with The Venture Group
 LLC (&#147;VG&#148;) under which VG agreed to purchase convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of $500
000. &nbsp;As of the date of this filing
 VG had advanced $500
000 pursuant to this arrangement. &nbsp;Both HEP and VG&#146;s convertible notes are secured by all our assets (with HEP being the senior secured lender and VG being the subordinated lender). &nbsp;In October
 2013
 VG converted $150
000 of their debentures into 1
250
000 of our common stock.


 we continue to experience a shortage of capital
 which is materially and adversely affecting our ability to run our business. As noted above
 we have been largely dependent upon external sources for funding. We have in the past had difficulty in raising capital from external sources. &nbsp;We are still heavily reliant upon external financing for the continuation of our research and development program. &nbsp;


000
000 in cash over the next 12 months in order to fund our normal operations and to fund our research and development initiatives. Based on this cash requirement
 we have a near term need for additional funding. Historically
 we have had great difficulty raising funds from external sources; however
 we recently were able to raise a limited amount of capital from outside sources. If we are unable to raise the required capital
 we will be forced to curtail our business operations
 including our research and development activities. 




 anticipated income streams are to be generated from the following: 





 isolated natural compounds and synthetic variants thereof
 &nbsp;and b) bulk sales of such ingredients; 



























 the Reports thereon
 and the Notes thereto
 commencing on page F-1 of this report
 which Consolidated Financial Statements
 Reports
 Notes and data are incorporated herein by reference.







 Based on their evaluation as of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 our Chief Financial Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules&nbsp;13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K was recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#146;s rules and instructions for Form&nbsp;10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Financial Officer
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined by Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2013. In making this assessment
. Based on our assessment of those criteria
 management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2013. 



This Management&#146;s report is not deemed filed for purposes of Section&nbsp;18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section
 unless we specifically state in a future filing that such report is to be considered filed.

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.












 &nbsp;Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.








 directors and employees. The Code is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will upon request and without charge provide a copy of our Code of Ethics. Requests should be directed to Principal Accounting Officer
 Health Enhancement Products
 Inc.
 2804 Orchard Lake Road
 Suite 202
 Keego Harbor
 MI 48320. 









Item 13. &nbsp;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence. 




















 or hereby incorporated by reference into
 this Form&nbsp;10-K. 









 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 



HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC.




Date: &nbsp;March 31
 2014









 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 




 Principal 


 President

 2014



 Director 

 Director

 2014



 Director


 2014



 Director


 2014



 Director


 2014



 Director


 2014










HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&#146; deficiency and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
 2013. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 


 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. Also
 an audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. and Subsidiaries at December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
 2013
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 the Company has incurred significant operating losses for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 and
 as of December 31
 2013
 has a significant working capital and stockholders&#146; deficiency. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#146;s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 


/s/ WOLINETZ
 LAFAZAN &amp; COMPANY
 P.C.

 LAFAZAN &amp; COMPANY
 P.C.





 New York

 2014








HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

















December 31



December 31

















47
147

493
104



8
701

72
122



118
467



34
957

4
834



90
805

688
527

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET

13
203

93
750







&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Definite-life Intangible Assets
 net

6
234





1
391
281



123
762





129
996

1
392
126



234
004

2
174
403





















938
640

483
208

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Loan Payable
 Related Party

15
362



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Loans Payable
 Others

243
592





27
837





337
478



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Convertible Debentures Payable
 less discount of $517
542 and &nbsp;

280 at December 31
 2012 and 2013

482
458

1
619
319



1
026
128

8
036
239



19
110





270
682

738
686



3
361
287

10
877
452







&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Convertible Debenture Payable
 less discount of $223
692 and &nbsp;

159
189 at December 31
 2012 and 2013

593
908

890
811

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Deferred Revenue
 non-current

235
000





828
908

890
811



4
190
195

11
768
263















&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Common stock
 $.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;105
317
116
852
093 issued and outstanding at December 31
 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2012 and 2013
 respectively

105
318

116
852



28
448
705

32
895
380



(32
510
214)

(42
606
092)



(3
956
191)

(9
593
860)









234
004

2
174
403












HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

















December 31
 2012

December 31
 2013






































938
198

1
189
812



464
905

902
362



677
490

1
018
023



2
080
593

3
110
197









(2
080
593)

(3
110
197)















262
837



409
371



506
729

(1
674
135)



(668
747)

(1
464
516)



(13
722)

(30
122)


(95
105)
(2
821
630)



(755
233)

(1
226
009)



(141
734)

(441
477)









(1
167
812)

(6
985
681)









(3
248
405)

(10
095
878)





















101
399
795

112
214
131












HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



FOR THE PERIOD JANUARY 1
 2012 THROUGH DECEMBER 31
 2013

















































Balance
 January 1
 2012
100
036
019

100
036

27
130
276

(29
261
809)

(2
031
497)

















48
429



48
429



4
920
000

4
920

610
080



615
000


11
797










350
000



34
650



35
000






332
000



332
000






293
282



293
282








(3
248
405)

(3
248
405)












Balance
 December 31
 2012
105
317
816
105
318
28
448
705
(32
510
214)
(3
956
191)

















38
226



38
226






434
749



434
749



2
910
606

2
911

704
089



707
000


1
441
889

1
442

(1
442)






1
800
000

1
800

103
200



105
000


1
250
000
1
250
148
750
150
000


2
577
565

2
577

1
157
327



1
159
904


765
000



96
735



97
500






479
405



479
405






1
021
311



1
021
311


789
217



264
323



265
112








(10
095
878)

(10
095
878)












Balance
 December 31
 2013
116
852
093

116
852

32
895
378

(42
606
092)

(9
593
860)












HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



















December 31



December 31











(3
248
405)

(10
095
878)











434
750



48
429

38
226



797
573

1
226
009



13
722

30
122





2
821
630



668
747

1
464
515





6
234



73
843

19
453



(506
728)

1
674
135



(125
501)

(19
110)









1
710

(63
421)





(118
467)





122
917



278
075

(455
432)





(27
837)





(235
000)



29
814





195
335

190
941



(1
773
264)

(2
986
213)









(3
500)







(331
377)



(3
500)

(331
377)







&nbsp;&nbsp;Proceeds from (payment of) loans payable
 others

243
592



&nbsp;&nbsp;Proceeds from (payment of) loans payable
 related party

15
262





(34
957)





(7
682)





732
000

2
904
408



650
000

859
500



1
598
215

3
763
547



(178
549)

445
957



225
696

47
147









47
147

$493
104





































HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




For the Year Ended December 31
 2012


 2012
 the Company recorded $332
000 in discounts on debentures.


 2012
 the Company recorded $500
000 in discounts on debentures.


 2012
 several three year 1% convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of $155
100
 with various maturity dates during 2011 were extended for an additional two years. &nbsp;The Company incurred no additional cost as a result of these extensions. &nbsp;


 2012
 the Company issued 11
797 shares of its common stock in return for the cashless exercise of 233
000 common stock warrants.


 the Company recognized additional derivative liabilities valued at $1
004
291 on convertible debentures that were issued with a variable conversion price during the year ended December 31
 2012.

For the Year Ended December 31
 2013


 2013
 the Company issued 21
111 shares of its common stock in return for a cashless exercise of 35
000 common stock warrants.


 2013
 the Company recorded $377
088 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2013
 $15
000 in Loans Payable - Related Party was transferred to Loans Payable - Other (HEP Investments
 LLC) pursuant to a Participation Agreement entered into by the two parties on March 18
 2013 (See Note 7 - Convertible Debt).


 2013
 the Company issued 1
191
182 shares of its common stock in return for the cashless exercise of 1
900
000 common stock warrants.


 2013
 the Company recorded $1
000
000 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2013
 the Company issued 600
000 shares of its common stock valued at $72
000 as consideration for payment of Obligations to Issue Common Stock.


 2013
 the Company issued 2
577
565 shares of its common stock valued at $1
159
904 for the purchase of patent applications pending from Essex Angel Capital (see Note 12).


 2013
 the Company recorded $968
000 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2013
 a significant shareholder converted $50
000 of 1% convertible debentures into 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.


 2013
 $289
592 in Loans Payable &#150; Other (HEP Investments LLC and Venture Group
 LLC - See Note 7 - Convertible Debt) were converted to 11% convertible debentures.


 2013
 the Company issued 229
597 shares of its common stock in return for cashless exercises of 450
000 common stock warrants.


 2013
 a significant shareholder converted $55
000 of 1% convertible debentures into 800
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.








 2013
 the Venture Group converted $150
000 of 11% convertible debentures into 1
250
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.


 2013
 the Company recorded 648
663 in discounts on 11% convertible debentures.


 2013
 the Company established additional derivative liabilities of $5
335
976 consisting of unamortized debt discounts of $2
825
752 and finance costs valued at $2
510
224.









HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





 Inc. and Subsidiaries&#146; (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.) (collectively the &#147;Company&#148;) business models are as follows: 1) to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers (currently
 the Company's focus is on research and identification of its bioactive ingredients and is not currently selling its product commercially)
 and 2) developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 and selling tests that the Company believes will allow people to optimize their health and identify future health risks. 






095
878 and $3
248
405 during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $10
188
925 and a stockholders&#146; deficiency of $9
593
860 at December 31
 2013. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 


 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
 will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company&#146;s existing stockholders.




 either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. &nbsp;There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to raise the additional funds it requires.


 2013
 the Company:



500 through the sale of common stock and exercise of common stock warrants; and


904
408 through the issuance of convertible debt. 



 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.

The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &nbsp;Actual results could differ from those estimates. &nbsp;Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable. &nbsp;&nbsp;

 For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2013
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.






Property and equipment consists of furniture
 office equipment
 and leasehold improvements
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
 generally five to seven years. &nbsp;Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend the economic life of an existing fixed asset are expensed as incurred. 



The authoritative guidance for fair value measurements defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or the most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are (i)&nbsp;independent
 (ii)&nbsp;knowledgeable
 (iii)&nbsp;able to transact
 and (iv)&nbsp;willing to transact. The guidance describes a fair value hierarchy based on the levels of inputs
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value which are the following: 



Level 2 &#150; Inputs other than Level&nbsp;1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or corroborated by observable market data or substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.




 accounts payable
 loans payable
 obligations to issue common stock
 accrued expenses and customer deposits. &nbsp;All of these items were determined to be Level 1 fair value measurements.


 accounts payable
 loans payable
 obligation to issue common stock and customer deposits all approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments.






122 and $13
722 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




 measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value
 is recognized if the carrying amount exceeds estimated undiscounted future cash flows.


 unanticipated events and changes in market conditions could affect such estimates
 resulting in the need for an impairment charge in future periods.&nbsp; For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 no such events or circumstances occurred causing an impairment charge.




 the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104
 &#147;Revenue Recognition&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 104&#148;)
 which superseded Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
 &#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 101&#148;). SAB No. 104 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management&#146;s judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers
 estimated returns and allowances
 and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company ceased the sales of its sole product in the fourth quarter of 2011
 and therefore recognized no provision for the years ended December 31
 2013 or December 31
 2012.




 2013 and 2012 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.











 consisting of salaries and equipment and related expenses incurred for product research studies conducted primarily within the Company and by Company personnel. Research expenses were approximately $41
000 and $137
000 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively;



 consisting of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent external entities. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $977
000 and $540
000 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.






 2013 and 2012 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards are subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &#147;change in ownership&#148; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.




Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. &nbsp;The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. &nbsp;At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. &nbsp;The fair value of the stock option or warrant award is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.


 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. &nbsp;As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $472
975 and $48
489 during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 respectively.





Year Ended December 31
 





























 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#146;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee options.









 2013
 consisted of 36
290
424 common shares from convertible debentures and 17
100
539 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2012
 consisted of 18
698
000 common shares from convertible debentures and 16
900
539 common shares from outstanding warrants. &nbsp;&nbsp;Diluted and basic weighted average shares are the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.




300 and $26
500 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




000 at times during the year. &nbsp;








 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued ASU No. 2012-02
(&#147;ASU 2012-02&#148;). ASU 2012-02 gives entities an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is aired. If based on its qualitative assessment an entity concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount
 quantitative impairment testing is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 quantitative impairment testing is not required. ASU is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. ASU 2012-02 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position or results of operations.


 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been adopted in the current period




 2013 and 2012 consist of the following:


December 31
 

December 31
 










20
000

51
617



80
000

112
879





151
859









100
000

316
355 &nbsp;



(6
250)

(303
152)









93
750

13
203




453 and $73
843 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.









 2013 and 2012 consist of the following:




December 31



December 31













14
501





8
267





6
234




 upon being placed in service
 over 15 years
 the estimated useful lives of the assets
 with no residual value. Amortization expense was $6
234 and $967 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 






 Mr. Maggiore
 a significant shareholder
 advanced the Company $15
000. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2012 this amount was still unpaid.


 2013
 Mr. Maggiore advanced the Company an additional $447
000. &nbsp;As discussed in Note 7
 this amount was reclassified into convertible debt attributed to HEP Investments
 LLC
 of which Mr. Maggiore is a member. As of December 31
 2013
 there was no balance due to Mr. Maggiore.




 the Venture Group loaned the Company $57
000. &nbsp;This money was related to the overall financing of $500
000 as discussed in Note 7.


 HEP Investments loaned the Company $184
592
 as part of its overall funding commitment of $2
000
000 as discussed in Note 7.



HEP Investments
 LLC &#150; Related Party


 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (&#147;Lender&#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $2
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the initial principal amount of $600
000 (&#147;Note&#148;) and (iii) (a) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (b) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in each case order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company&#146;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&#146;s obligations under the Note. 


 (ii) convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.12 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market
 (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum and (iv) must be repaid as follows: &nbsp;accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note December 1
 2013. The Company issues a Note to the lender upon the advances matching an aggregate amount of $250
000. The Company has also agreed to a specified use of proceeds. &nbsp;The Note may be prepaid upon sixty days written notice
 provided that the Company shall be required to pay a prepayment premium equal to 5% of the amount repaid.


 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers.







 2011
 the Lender had advanced the Company $600
000
 consisting of $500
000 in cash and $100
000 previously advanced by the Lender in connection with a transaction previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 12
 2011. &nbsp;&nbsp;The Lender has agreed to advance the remaining $1
400
000 in $250
000 increments (final increment of $150
000) upon request of the Company&#146;s CEO
 subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company has agreed to (i) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision)
 expiring September 30
 2016 and (ii) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $2
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement. 


000 against this transaction. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company recorded a derivative liability of $552
988. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. &nbsp;We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;volatility 151.45%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .27%. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company has recognized other income of $24
422 representing the change in fair value of this derivative liability. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $500
000 on which the Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $500
000. This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: volatility of 140.93%-143.36%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .25%. In connection with the $500
000 in convertible notes
 the Company recorded non-cash finance charges of $16
575 during 2012.


 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $120
592. &nbsp;According to the terms of the agreement
 a threshold of $250
000 must be reached. &nbsp;Until this threshold is reached
 the differential of $184
592 is classified as Loan Payable &#150; Related Party (Note 6).


 2013
 the Company was advised of a Participation Agreement between HEP Investments and Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder of the Company
 whereby Mr. Maggiore has become a member of HEP Investments
 LLC. Accordingly
 loans made by Mr. Maggiore to the Company aggregating $462
000 ($15
000 at December 31
 2012 and $447
000 during the period January 1
 2013 through March 5
 2013) have been reclassified as loans payable to HEP Investments pursuant to the previously disclosed agreement entered into on December 2
 2011 to invest up to $2
000
000 in convertible notes. Upon this reclassification
 HEP Investments reached a $500
000 threshold and these advances were converted to convertible debt. &nbsp;The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $377
088. This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: volatility of 160.96%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .25. 


000
000 the Company was obligated pursuant to the terms of the Note to issue 1
666
667 of its common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.12 per share and expiring on September 30
 2016&nbsp;as well as 600
000 shares of its common stock. The common stock was valued at $192
000 based on a closing share price on April 15
 2013 of $.32 per share. The Company valued the 1
666
667 common stock warrants at $481
110 using the Black Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;exercise price of $.12
 a market value of $.32
 a remaining term of 3.46 years
 volatility of 148.44%
 annual rate of dividends of 0% and a risk free interest rate of 0.25%


 2013
 the Company and Lender
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of April 15
 2013: (i) First Amendment to Loan Agreement and (ii) an Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. These agreements modified the term of agreements the Company entered into with HEP Investments on December 2
 2011 as discussed above. Pursuant to the terms of the modified agreements the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $3
750
000 and extend the due date of each Note
 based on a $250
000 tranche
 to two years from the date it was issued. The Company determined that the modification of the HEP Investments Loan Agreement was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#147;Modifications and Extinguishments&#148;.


 2013
 the Lender had advanced the Company $2
707
592. &nbsp;&nbsp;Amounts advanced under the Note are (i) secured by all the Company&#146;s assets
 (ii) convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.12 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market and (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum.


 the Lender agreed to fund the remainder of the notes according to the following time lines:







 2013) in order for the Tranche to be convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.12 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market. &nbsp;&nbsp;If any amount less than $3 million is unfunded &nbsp;within &nbsp;the 20 day period
 then the Tranche in excess of $2 million is convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.22 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market. &nbsp;On August 1
 2013
 the Board of Directors authorized the Company to accept $281
000 received through May 10
 2013 of funding from HEP Investments with the conversion rate at $.12. &nbsp;


 2013 through September 30
 2013
 HEP Investments funded an additional $592
408. &nbsp;On August 1
 2013 and September 16
 2013 the Board of Directors authorized the Company to accept an additional $592
408 of funding from HEP Investments with the conversion rate at $.22. &nbsp;


 2013 and December 19
 2013 the Board of Directors authorized the Company to accept an additional $750
000 of funding from HEP Investments with the conversion rate at $.30. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2013
 HEP Investments has funded a total of $4.05 million ($2
707
592 to be converted at $.12
 $592
408 to be converted at $.22 and $750
000 to be converted at $.30).


 2013
 the Company and Lender
 entered into the Second Amendment to Loan Agreement effective as of December 16
 2013: This agreement modified the term of agreements the Company entered into with HEP Investments on December 2
 2011 as discussed above. Pursuant to the terms of the modified agreements the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $4
050
000. The Company determined that the modification of the HEP Investments Loan Agreement was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#147;Modifications and Extinguishments&#148;.


 (ii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum and (iii) must be repaid as follows: accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the $250
000 tranche and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Tranche (the Tranche of September 30
 2013 is funded at $300
000 with the same terms as described above). As of December 31
 2013
 there was accrued but unpaid interest due HEP Investments of $212
000 relating to $1
000
000 in investments that reached their first anniversaries between the fourth quarter of 2012 and the fourth quarter of 2013.


 2013
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $971
000. &nbsp;HEP Investments has reached a $1
000
000 threshold (including monies advanced during the three months ended March 31
 2013) and these advances have been converted into convertible debt. &nbsp;The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $1
000
000. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. This stock was valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 151.37%-153.70%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rates of 0.20-0.24%. 


 2013
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $592
408. &nbsp;HEP Investments has reached a $3
300
000 threshold (including monies advanced since September 2011) and these advances have been converted into convertible debt. &nbsp;The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $800
000 during the quarter ended September 30
 2013. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. This stock was valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 139.26%-147.03%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rates of 0.33-0.34%. 


 2013
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $750
000. &nbsp;HEP Investments has reached a $4
050
000 threshold and these advances have been converted into convertible debt. &nbsp;The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $648
663 during the quarter ended December 31
 2013. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. This stock was valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 133.07%-134.91%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rates of 0.33-0.4%.


 2013
 the first tranche of $500
000 11% Convertible Debenture became due. &nbsp;HEP Investments opted not to convert the debt into common stock and requested the Company extend the Tranche terms an additional 6 months. &nbsp;On March 17
 2014
 the Company and HEP Investments agreed to extend the terms of the 11% Convertible Debenture to June 1
 2014 (see Note 17 &#150; Subsequent Events). &nbsp;The Company determined that the modification of the HEP Investments loan Agreement was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50 &#147;Modifications and Extinguishments&#148;.








 2012
 the Company and The Venture Group
 LLC
 a Maryland limited liability company (&#147;Venture Group&#148;)
 entered into the following agreements
 effective as of January 26
 2012: (i) a Subscription Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance $500
000 to the Company
 as follows: &nbsp;$332
000 on January 26
 2012
 which advance has been made
 and $168
000 by February 3
 2012
 (ii) a Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of $500
000 (&#147;Note&#148;); (iii) (a) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a subordinated security interest in all of its assets and (b) an IP security agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a subordinated security interest in all its intellectual properties
 including patents
 to secure its obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents; and (iv) a Termination and Mutual Release Agreement under which the Company and Venture Group terminated their prior agreements and released each other from any liability
 including liabilities related to the financing agreements they previously executed (See Form 8-K Current Report dated December 2
 2011). In addition
 the Company and Oxford Holdings LLC entered into a Termination and Release Agreement under which the Company and Oxford Holdings
 LLC terminated their prior agreement and Oxford Holdings released the Company from any liability
 including liabilities related to the agreement they previously executed. &nbsp;The Company also acknowledged an intercreditor agreement between Venture Group and HEP Investments
 LLC
 the Company senior secured lender. &nbsp;As of September 30
 2013
 Venture Group completed its funding of $168
000 to the Company. &nbsp;


 the Company has agreed to issue the Lender warrants to purchase an aggregate of 833
333 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share
 for a term of three years from January 27
 2012. &nbsp;The Warrants are issuable to the Lender pro rata based on the amount invested in relation to the total investment amount (about 166
667 warrants per $100
000 invested). Accordingly
 1) for the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded finance charges of $293
282 related to 553
112 warrants valued at $111
125 and excess finance charges of $182
157 relating to the $332
000 advanced as of that date; 2) for the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded finance charges of $108
390 related to 200
000 warrants. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company recorded excess finance charges of $311
405 relating to the issuance of 11% Convertible Debentures in the principal amount of $168
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;Amounts advanced under the Note are (i) secured on a subordinated basis by all the Company&#146;s assets
 (ii) convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at $.12 per share
 (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum (payable on the first and second anniversary of the Note (unless earlier paid off)
 in cash or stock
 at the Company&#146;s option)
 and (iv) unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note (January 27
 2014). &nbsp;The Company has agreed to pay the following aggregate fees to Oxford Holdings
 LLC in connection with the Loan transaction: (i) finder&#146;s fees of approximately $27
600 in cash
 (ii) warrants to purchase 200
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.15 per share for a term of two years
 and (iii) a $15
000 non-accountable expense allowance. &nbsp;In addition
 The Company has agreed to pay Venture Group $10
000 in cash in payment of the Venture Group&#146;s legal fees.


000
 3 year common stock warrants exercisable at $.12 per share valued at $108
390. &nbsp;The warrants were valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 150.98%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of 0.32%. pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreement and Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note dated January 26
 2012.


 2013
 the Venture Group notified the Company that it would convert $150
000 of the $500
000 convertible debenture into 1
250
00 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.




 2012
 1% Convertible Debentures in the amount of $47
500 matured and were extended by a Note Holder and significant shareholder of the Company. Under the terms of the extension agreement the Notes will all be extended by two years from their original maturity date. &nbsp;These modifications were not considered significant under ASC standards.


 2012
 1% Convertible Debentures in the amount of $37
600 that matured
 as well as $70
000 in 1% Convertible Debentures that were due to mature in the third quarter were extended by a Note Holder and significant shareholder of the Company. The extensions were requested by the Note Holder for no consideration. These modifications were not considered significant under ASC standards.















December 31
 


December 31
 








1% Convertible notes payable
 net of unamortized discount of $5
546 &nbsp;and $45
300 respectively
 due at various dates ranging from January 2014 to September 2014

375
054

440
300







11% Convertible note payable &#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $2
235
217 &nbsp;and $517
542
 respectively
 due at various dates ranging from December 2013 to December 2015

1
814
783

482
458







&nbsp;&nbsp;11% Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized discount of $29
707 &nbsp;and $178
393
 respectively
 due January 2014

320
293

153
608



2
510
130

1
076
366



1
619
319

482
458









890
811

593
908




464
515 and $668
747 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




 2011 with HEP Investments
 LLC
 the Company recorded a derivative liability of $552
988. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. &nbsp;This derivative liability was valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.17
 expected volatility of 151.45% over the two year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .27%. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company has recognized other income of $24
422 representing the change in fair value of this derivative liability as of December 31
 2011. &nbsp;The derivative liability was marked to fair value at December 31
 2011 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.25
 a volatility of 151.49% over the remaining 1.92 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.


 2012
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $496
375 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 143.36% over the remaining 1.66 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.


 2012
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $507
916 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 140.93% over the remaining 1.57 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.


 2012
 the Company valued the derivative liability at $1
026
128 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.19
 an expected volatility of 151.75% over the remaining 0.92 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .26%. The fair value of the derivative decreased by $506
729 which has been recorded in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2012.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $377
088 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.22
 an expected volatility of 160.96% over the remaining 0.71 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.







 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $616
040 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.35
 an expected volatility of 151.37% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .24%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $518
756 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.30
 an expected volatility of 151.72% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .24%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $856
410 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.47
 an expected volatility of 153.70% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .20%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $916
028 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.50 an expected volatility of 153.46% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .22%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $504
699 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.32 an expected volatility of 146.56% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .34%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $418
790 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.46 an expected volatility of 147.03% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .32%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $479
502 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.45 an expected volatility of 139.26% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .33%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $214
525 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.37 an expected volatility of 134.91% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .33%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $185
438 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.33 an expected volatility of 134.11% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .34%.


 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $248
701 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.42 an expected volatility of 133.07% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .39%.







 2013
 the Company valued the derivative liability at $8
036
239 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.39
 an expected volatility of 133.09% over the remaining contractual lives of the note ranging from 0.90-1.93 years
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .38%. The fair value of the derivative increased by $1
674
135 which has been recorded in the statement of operations for the twelve months ended December 31
 2013.




 &#147;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&#148;
 the following table represents the Company&#146;s fair value hierarchy for its financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012:







December 31
 2013



8
036
239

8
036
239

December 31
 2012



1
026
128

1
026
128





&#148;
 2012.


 2013 and 2012.


December 31
 2013
December 31
 2012




1
026
128

528
566



5
335
976
1
004
291


1
674
135
(506
728)



8
036
239

1
026
129








 2012
 the Company was obligated to issue an aggregate of 1
740
698 shares of common stock valued at $337
478 to certain investors and Great Northern Reserve Partners
 LLC (&#147;GNRP&#148;)
 a former consultant (Andrew Dahl
 CEO of the Company
 was principal partner of GNRP). 


 2013
 the Company issued 600
000 shares of common stock valued at $72
000 to HEP Investments
 LLC according to the terms of a Convertible Note (see Note 7 &#150; Convertible Debt).


 2013
 the Company issued 99
217 shares of common stock valued at $40
802 to HEP Investments
 LLC according to the terms of a Convertible Note in order to satisfy the remaining balance of $21
600. This transaction resulted in finance costs of $19
202 being recorded (see Note 7 &#150; Convertible Debt).


 2013
 the Company issued 90
000 shares of common stock valued at $32
310 to HEP Investments
 LLC according to the terms of a Convertible Note in order to satisfy the remaining balance of $27
000. This transaction resulted in finance costs of $5
310 being recorded (see Note 7 &#150; Convertible Debt).







 2013
 the Company has reclassified its obligation to issue an aggregate of 1
385
320 shares of common stock valued at $277
064 to GNRP to accrued liabilities. This reclassification is the result of a Board Resolution passed on July 19
 2013 whereby the Company agreed to repay its debt to GNRP in cash rather than in common stock. &nbsp;




 2010
 the Company executed a multi-year exclusive worldwide distribution agreement (&#147;Zus Agreement&#148;) regarding the ProAlgaZyme product (&#147;ProAlgaZyme&#148; or &#147;Product&#148;) with Zus Health
 LLC
 an international distributor of health and nutritional products (&#147;Zus&#148; or &#147;Distributor&#148;). This Agreement called for certain minimum payments subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. The Company new management team (from December 2011) had been assessing certain of the Company contractual relationships
 including the Zus relationship
 in the context of the regulatory environment in which they are currently operating. Based on this review
 the Company determined that Zus (as well as its purported assignee
 Ceptazyme
 LLC) had engaged in multiple material breaches of the Zus Agreement. &nbsp;On January 9
 2012
 a dispute arose when Zus Health attempted to assign its License Agreement to Ceptazyme. &nbsp;The Company notified Ceptazyme (i) that there was no agreement between the Company and Ceptazyme
 as the Company had not approved any assignment of the License Agreement by Zus Health to Ceptazyme and (ii) that
 even if there had been a valid assignment to Ceptazyme
 Ceptazyme had committed multiple material breaches of the agreement. &nbsp;The Company believed that Ceptazyme (i) failed to market the Company&#146;s product in a manner compliant with state and federal regulations
 and (ii) allowed its distributors to make claims and representations that were not in compliance with applicable regulations
 among many other breaches. &nbsp;As a result
 the Company filed a lawsuit in Michigan against Zus Health and Ceptazyme on January 16
 2012
 alleging breach of contract. &nbsp;Ceptazyme responded by filing suit in Utah against the Registrant on January 24
 2012
 also alleging
 breach of contract.


 2013
 the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release of all Claims (the &#147;Settlement Agreement&#148;) with Ceptazyme
 LLC (&#147;Ceptazyme&#148;) and Zus Health
 LLC (&#147;Zus Health&#148;) resolving claims the parties brought against one another in connection with a license agreement between the Company and Zus Health dated September 2
 2010 (the &#147;License Agreement&#148;). &nbsp;Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement
 the parties agreed to terminate the License Agreement and that no party would have any further obligations thereunder. &nbsp;No monetary consideration was exchanged in connection with the Settlement Agreement. 


 the deferred revenue of $235
000 and customer deposits of $27
837 were recognized as other income.






 the Company granted warrants to purchase 200
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice (CFO and a Director) in January
 2012
 at an exercise price of $.12 per share.&nbsp; The warrants have a term of three years and vest as follows: 50
000 were vested on the grant date with the remainder vesting throughout 2012 on a quarterly basis. The warrants vested during the quarter ended March 31
 2012
 and each subsequent quarter
 were valued at $10
721 using the Black Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: volatility of 125.11%; annual rate of dividends 0%; and a risk free rate of 0.33%.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Rice will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.


 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Brian Young. &nbsp;The warrants were granted with an exercise price of $.12 per share
 have a term of three years and vested as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date
 12
500 vested on September 30
 2012
 12
500 vested on December 31
 2012 and 12
500 vested on March 31
 2013. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $8
921 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 114.66%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.25%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Young will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly. &nbsp;Mr. Young left the board of directors in June of 2013 after serving his one year term.


 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to John Gorman (EVP and a Director) in November
 2012
 at an exercise price of $.12 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date
 12
500 vested on March 31
 2013 and the remaining 25
000 shall vest on quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $4
848 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 128.51%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.27%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Gorman will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.







 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice (CFO and a Director) in January
 2013
 at an exercise price of $.12 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $10
381 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 131.97%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.27%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Rice will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.


 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Thomas K. Cox in June
 2013
 at an exercise price of $.40 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $15
873 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 145.67%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.25%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Cox will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.


 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to John B. Payne in July
 2013
 at an exercise price of $.38 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $17
187 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.37%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.25%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Payne will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.


 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to John Gorman in November
 2013
 at an exercise price of $.36 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $14
053 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 141.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.33%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Gorman will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.


401 during the twelve months ended December 31
 2013
 representing the fees expensed and the value of the vested warrants described above.




 2013
 an investor received 21
111 shares as part of a cashless exercise of 35
000 common stock warrants that had an exercise price of $.10.


 2013
 investors received 1
191
181 shares as part of cashless exercises of 1
900
000 common stock warrants that had exercise prices at $.15. In addition the Company received proceeds of $85
000 from the exercise of 682
000 common stock warrants. 


 2013
 upon completion of funding on a $2
000
000
 11% convertible debenture
 the Company issued 600
000 shares of its common stock valued at $192
000 and 1
666
667 common stock warrants valued at $481
110 using the Black Scholes method of valuation (see Note 7 &#150; Convertible Debt).


 2013
 the Company Board of Directors awarded its Chief Financial Officer 557
000
 5 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.25 per share. These warrants were valued at $250
640 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.46 an expected volatility of 194.14% a five year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%. &nbsp;The Board of Directors resolution included quarterly 50
000
 5 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.25 per share. &nbsp;The Company issued 150
000 warrants for the 2
 quarters of 2013. &nbsp;These warrants were valued at $46
115 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.25 to .46 an expected volatility of 138.68 to 194.11% a five year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .23% to .31%.


 2013
 the Company Board of Directors granted a consultant to the Company 250
000
 5 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.33 per share. These warrants were valued at $87
510 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.36 an expected volatility of 190.15% a five year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.


 2013
 the company issued 280
000
 3 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.12 per share. These warrants were valued at $108
390 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.43 an expected volatility of 146.36% a three year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .32%.






 2013
 the Company received proceeds of $548
000 from the issuance of 2
077
273 shares of common stock and the exercise of 50
000 common stock warrants.


 2013
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $50
000 of 1% convertible debentures at $.05 per share.


 2013
 the Company issued 99
217 shares of its common stock valued at $40
802 and 858
936 common stock warrants valued at $356
304 using the Black Scholes method of valuation (see Note 7 &#150; Convertible Debt). We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 139.26%-147.03%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rates of 0.33-0.34%. 


 2013
 the Company issued 2
577
565 shares of its common stock valued at $1
159
904 for the purchase of assets from Essex Angel Capital (see below).


 2013
 the Company granted a consultant to the Company 56
256
 5 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.39 per share. These warrants were valued at $64
941 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.28 an expected volatility of 166.98% a five year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .34%.


 2013
 the Company issued 229
597 shares of its common stock in return for cashless exercises of 450
000 common stock warrants that had exercise prices of $.15 and $.225.


 2013
 the Company issued 800
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $55
000 of 1% convertible debentures at $.05 to $.125 per share.


 2013
 the Company issued 1
250
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $150
000 of 11% convertible debentures at $.12 per share.


 2013
 the Company issued 90
000 shares of its common stock valued at $32
310 and 250
000 common stock warrants valued at $75
507 using the Black Scholes method of valuation (see Note 7 &#150; Convertible Debt). We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 142.88%-143.44%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rates of 0.32-0.39%.


 2013
 the Company received proceeds of $256
500 from the issuance of 833
333 shares of common stock and the exercise of 33
000 common stock warrants.




 2013
 the Company and Essex Angel Capital Inc. (&#147;Essex&#148;) entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 19
 2013). &nbsp;Essex held $1
350
000 in senior secured convertible debentures and secured convertible debentures in Wellness Indicators
 Inc. (&#147;Wellness&#148;)
 an Illinois based company. &nbsp;Essex
 along with other secured lenders held a total of $2
000
000 of secured debt. &nbsp;Essex foreclosed on certain assets
 consisting principally of intellectual property (the &#147;Assets&#148;)
 that secured Wellness&#146; obligation under the debentures. &nbsp;Upon the foreclosure and acquisition of all right
 title and interest in and to the Assets &nbsp;pursuant to its 1st perfected security interest in the Assets
 the Company purchased the Assets from Essex for $1
100
000
 paid in the common stock of the Company with each such share being issued at the lesser of (i) $0.31 per share; or (ii) a price equal to the weighted average price of said shares on the OTCBB for 20 consecutive trading days ending on the date of Closing (date of such closing being the &#147;Closing Date&#148;) plus a 20% premium amount.


 2013 (previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 20
 2013)
 the Company completed the acquisition from Essex of certain assets
 consisting principally of pending patents (the &#147;Assets&#148;) of Wellness. &nbsp;Essex held senior secured convertible debentures and secured convertible debentures in Wellness. &nbsp;Essex foreclosed and acquired all rights
 title and interest in and to the Assets pursuant to its 1st perfected security interest in the Assets.


100
000. &nbsp;$801
507 was paid in common stock with the remainder of $298
493 paid in cash. &nbsp;There were 2
577
565 shares of common stock issued
 valued at $0.31 per share. &nbsp;Based on the current market price of the stock at the time of issuance
 the Company recorded the 2
577
565 shares of common stock issued at $1
159
904. &nbsp;The Company also incurred an additional $32
884 in transaction costs
 for a total transaction cost of $1
491
281. &nbsp;The Company acquired both furniture and equipment
 along with 2 pending patents. &nbsp;The Company valued the furniture and equipment at $100
000 and the patent applications pending at $1
391
281.











December 31
 2013
December 31
 2012













Outstanding
 beginning of year
16
365
209



20
413
430




4
820
330

1
425
112



(2
785
000)

(583
333)



(1
500
000)

(4
890
000)







Outstanding
 end of period
16
900
539



16
365
209






 2013 were as follows:























3
439
438



3
426
938




7
152
097


7
152
097



1
300
000


1
300
000



477
004


477
004



3
782
000


3
732
000



350
000


350
000



250
000


250
000



50
000


12
500



50
000


25
000



50
000


37
500



16
900
539

16
763
039







WellMetris
 LLC


 2013
 the Company formed WellMetris
 LLC
 a Delaware Limited Liability Company for the purpose of developing
 manufacturing and marketing a non-invasive urinary wellness test. WellMetris is 100% owned by Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. &nbsp;As discussed in Note 12 &#150; Stockholder&#146;s Deficiency
 Purchase of Assets
 the Company bought the Assets of Wellness from Essex. &nbsp;Concurrently
 the Company transferred the Intellectual Property (pending patents) to WellMetris.

Zivo Biologic
 Inc.


 2013
 the Company formed Zivo Biologic
 Inc.
 a Delaware Corporation
 for the purpose of manufacturing and commercialization of proprietary ingredients for non-medicinal animal health applications. Zivo Biologic is 100% owned by Health Enhancement Products
 Inc.






 2012
 Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 2
400
000&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one shares of Common Stock (or 240
000 warrants in total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $300
000. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 Mr. Maggiore had fully funded the subscription.







 2012
 Robert McLain
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 120
000&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 12
000 warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000.


 2012
 Mr. McLain subscribed to the acquisition for 80
000&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 8
000 warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $10
000.


 2013
 Mr. Maggiore subscribed to the acquisition for 454
545&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 45
455 warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.22 for an aggregate purchase price of $100
000.


 2013
 Joseph Marsh
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 227
273&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 22
727 &nbsp;warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.22 for an aggregate purchase price of $50
000.




 on April 30
 2013 approved the following compensation package for Philip M. Rice
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company: 1) For past services rendered from April 1
 2012 to March 31
 2013
 the Company will pay Mr. Rice $84
000 in cash (payable in quarterly installments)
 which had previously been accrued and which is included in accrued liabilities on the Company&#146;s balance sheet as of March 31
 2013; &nbsp;2) issue 557
000 warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 as a bonus incentive and; &nbsp;3) as of April 1
 2013
 Mr. Rice will receive a monthly salary of $17
000 and a quarterly issuance warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and complaint manner
 at which time such warrants would vest.




 2013 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $21
000
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
 at various dates from 2013 through 2033. Certain significant changes in ownership of the Company may restrict the future utilization of these tax loss carry-forwards. 


 2013 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $8
400
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. &nbsp;The difference between the Federal and State Statutory Rate of 40% and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate of 0% is due to a decrease in the valuation allowance of approximately $4
000
000 in 2013.




 Andrew Dahl
 is serving under the terms of an employment agreement dated
 December 16
 2011. Under the agreement Mr. Dahl serves as CEO for one year terms
 subject to automatic renewal
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days&#146; notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement. &nbsp;Mr. Dahl will be compensated as follows: &nbsp;he will receive an annual base salary of $240
000. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl is entitled to monthly bonus compensation equal to 2% of the Company&#146;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon identification of bio-active agents in the Company&#146;s product and filing of a patent with respect thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop &nbsp;medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2013
 none of the milestones referred to had been achieved and there has been no notice of contract termination. 









 2013
 the Company
 through its legal counsel
 sent a notice to the landlord at 7740 E. Evans
 Scottsdale
 AZ that it expected a timely return of the $118
466 security deposit. &nbsp;On June 14
 2013
 the landlord filed a Complaint in the State Court of Arizona that the Company owed the landlord in excess of $210
000 in damages in addition to the $118
466 security deposit related to the property at 7740 E. Evans
 Scottsdale
 AZ. &nbsp;On July 24
 2013
 the Company filed an Answer and Counter Claim disputing the claim and asking the court for relief in the amount of $118
466. 




 which covers on the job injury.




 2014 the Board of Directors reappointed Philip M. Rice II
 the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer
 as a director for a 1 year term. &nbsp;Mr. Rice received warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.37 per share for a term of three years
 vested at 12
500 per quarter. &nbsp;The terms of the appointment also includes a cash payment of $10
000. &nbsp;




 2013
 the Company has received $206
250 in aggregate proceeds from shareholders upon the exercises of 1
650
000 common stock warrants.


 2013
 the Company received proceeds of $100
000 from the issuance of 500
000 shares of common stock.




 2013
 the Company was notified that a significant stockholder and the holder of 1% Convertible Debentures of his intention to convert six (6) notes in the principal amount of $70
000 with various due dates and conversion prices
 into 950
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock during the first quarter of 2014.


 2014
 the Company was notified that a significant stockholder and the holder of 1% Convertible Debentures of his intention to convert seven (7) notes in the principal amount of $70
600 with various due dates and conversion prices
 into 1
088
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock during the second quarter of 2014.&#148;


 2014
 the Venture Group notified the Company that it would convert the remaining 11% Convertible Debenture of $350
000 into 2
916
667 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock. &nbsp;The interest due to Venture Group of $72
000 is payable in cash.


 2014
 the Company and HEP Investments agreed to a 6 month extension of the $500
000 11% Convertible Debenture due on December 1
 2013. &nbsp;With this extension
 the 11% Convertible Debenture becomes due on June 1
 2014. &nbsp;Concurrently
 the Company and holder of the 1% Convertible Debentures agreed to a 6 month extension of the remaining Convertible Debentures. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The terms of the Convertible Debenture remain substantially the same. The Company determined that the modification of the HEP Investments Loan Agreement was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#147;Modifications and Extinguishments





















Articles of Incorporation of Health Enhancement Products
 Inc.
 as amended



Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Company
 dated July 24
 2012











Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($100K loan) dated September 8
 2011



Senior Secured Note with HEP Investments
 LLC ($100K loan) dated September 8
 2011



Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Senior Secured Note with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



IP Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Investor Rights Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated November 8
 2011 



Subscription Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 26
 2012



Subordinated Convertible Note with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 27
 2012



Warrant Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 26
 2012



Security Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 26
 2012



Termination Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 26
 2012 (terminating agreements with Venture Group
 LLC dated November 8
 2011)



Termination Agreement with Oxford Holdings
 LLC
 dated January 26
 2012



License Agreement between Zus Health LLC and the Company dated September 2
 2010



Lease Agreement between the Company and BCO
 LLC dated February 28
 2011



Employment Agreement with Andrew Dahl
 the Registrant&#146;s CEO



Employment Agreement with John Gorman
 the Registrant&#146;s EVP &#150; Operations



Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note and the First Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated April 15
 2013



Asset Purchase Agreement with Essex Angel Capital Inc. dated April 15
 2013



Second Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated December 16
 2013



Third Amendment to Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC dated March 17
 2014











Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended



Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
















 2010 and incorporated herein by this reference.


 2013 and incorporated by this reference.


 2010 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.








 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2011 and incorporated by this reference.


 2011 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2013 and incorporated by this reference.


 2013 and incorporated by this reference.

























$4
050
000
Keego Harbor
 Michigan
December 16
 2013



 INC.
&#148;)
 whose address is 2804 Orchard Lake Road
 Suite 202
 Keego Harbor
 Michigan 48320
 promises to pay to the order of 
&#148;)
 whose address is 2804 Orchard Lake Road
 Suite 205
 Keego Harbor
 Michigan 48320
 or at such other place as Lender may designate in writing
 in lawful money of the United States of America
 the principal sum of up to Four Million Fifty Thousand Dollars ($4
050
000.00)
 or such lesser sum as shall have been advanced by Lender to Borrower under the loan agreement hereinafter described
 together with interest as provided herein
 in accordance with the terms of this Second Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (this &#147;


 dated December 1
 2011
 by and between Lender and Borrower
 as amended in the First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated April 15
 2013 (as amended
&#148;)
 Lender has loaned Borrower Three Million Five Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($3
550
000.00) and may loan additional amounts to Borrower. &nbsp;All advances made hereunder shall be charged to a loan account in Borrower's name on Lender's books
 and Lender shall debit to such account the amount of each advance made to
 and credit to such account the amount of each repayment made by Borrower. &nbsp;From time to time but not less than quarterly
 Lender shall furnish Borrower a statement of Borrower's loan account
 which statement shall be deemed to be correct
 accepted by
 and binding upon Borrower
 unless Lender receives a written statement of exceptions from Borrower within ten (10) days after such statement has been furnished. Terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Loan Agreement. &nbsp;


&#148;). Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default (as defined below)
 the unpaid principal balance of this Note shall bear interest
 computed upon the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days elapsed in a month
 at a rate equal to the lesser of five percent (5%) over the Effective Rate or the highest rate allowed by applicable law. &nbsp;The indebtedness represented by this Note shall be paid to Lender in an installment of interest only on the first anniversary of the date of this Note
 and
 if not sooner converted in accordance with the terms of this Note
 the entire unpaid principal balance of this Note
 together with all accrued and unpaid interest
&#148;) listed in Exhibit 1 on the Due Date specified in Exhibit 1 and (b) with respect to any additional Tranche within 24 months of the full funding of such Tranche (with respect to each Tranche
 a &nbsp;&#147;


. &nbsp;Borrower may prepay the principal balance of this Note
 in whole or in part
 plus all accrued interest then outstanding upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to Lender; provided
 however
 there shall be a pre-payment premium of five (5%) percent of each amount prepaid at any time during the term of this Note.









 at any time prior to the repayment in full of this Note
 each Tranche of the outstanding indebtedness of this Note (including all accrued and unpaid interest) may be converted into shares of common stock of Borrower (&#147;
 
 that any Tranche funded after the date hereof shall be convertible at a Conversion Price of $0.30 per share or a 25% discount to the then current ten day average trading price of Shares on the Over the Counter Securities Market (the &#147;






 (i) the portion of this Note so converted shall be deemed cancelled and shall be converted into the Shares as specified above; (ii) Lender
 by acceptance of this Note
 agrees to deliver the executed original of this Note to Borrower within ten (10) days of the conversion of the entire outstanding indebtedness of this Note and to execute all governing documents of Borrower and such other agreements as are necessary to document the issuance of the Shares and to comply with applicable securities laws; and (iii) as soon as practicable after Borrower&#146;s receipt of the documents referenced above
 Borrower shall issue and deliver to Lender stock certificates evidencing the Shares. &nbsp;





&#146;s failure to pay the outstanding indebtedness of this Note within ten (10) days of the date on which such payment is due hereunder
 whether at maturity or otherwise;



 condition or agreement contained in this Note
 the Loan Agreement or the Security Agreement (defined below)
 which breach or failure continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by Borrower of written notice specifying the nature of the default. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 Borrower shall not be in default under this subsection (b) with respect to any non-monetary breach that can be cured by the performance of affirmative acts if Borrower promptly commences the performance of said affirmative acts and diligently prosecutes the same to completion within a period of forty-five (45) calendar days after receipt by Borrower of written notice specifying the nature of the default;










Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
 at the election of Lender
 the entire unpaid principal balance of this Note
 together with all accrued and unpaid interest
 shall be immediately due and payable in full.


. &nbsp;This Note is secured by all of the assets of Borrower pursuant to that certain Security Agreement
 dated as of December 1
 2011 (the &#147;


. &nbsp;Borrower and all endorsees
 sureties and guarantors hereof hereby jointly and severally waive presentment for payment
 demand
 notice of non-payment
 notice of protest or protest of this Note
 and Lender diligence in collection or bringing suit
 and do hereby consent to any and all extensions of time
 renewals
 waivers or modifications as may be granted by Lender with respect to payment or any other provisions of this Note. &nbsp;The liability of Borrower under this Note shall be absolute and unconditional
 without regard to the liability of any other party. &nbsp;


. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
&#148; shall mean the maximum non-usurious rate of interest that Lender is allowed to contract for
 charge
 take
 reserve or receive under the applicable laws of any applicable state or of the United States of America (whichever from time to time permits the highest rate for the use
 forbearance or detention of money) after taking into account
 to the extent required by applicable law
 any and all relevant payments or charges hereunder
 or under any other document or instrument executed and delivered in connection therewith and the indebtedness evidenced hereby. &nbsp;

In the event Lender ever receives
 as interest
 any amount in excess of the Maximum Rate
 such amount as would be excessive interest shall be deemed a partial prepayment of principal
 and
 if the principal hereof is paid in full
 any remaining excess shall be returned to Borrower. &nbsp;In determining whether or not the interest paid or payable
 under any specified contingency
 exceeds the Maximum Rate
 Borrower and Lender shall
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 (a) characterize any non-principal payment as an expense
 fee
 or premium rather than as interest; (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof; and (c) amortize
 prorate
 allocate and spread the total amount of interest through the entire contemplated term of such indebtedness until payment in full of the principal (including the period of any extension or renewal thereof) so that the interest on account of such indebtedness shall not exceed the Maximum Rate.









 consents
 amendments or waivers of any provision of any this Note shall be effective only if in writing and signed by Lender and then shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the limited purpose for which given. &nbsp;



 postage prepaid
 by registered or certified mail
 return receipt requested
 to the addresses set forth at the beginning of this Note or such other addresses as Borrower or Lender may indicate by written notice.






 however
 that neither party may
 without the prior written consent of the other party
 assign any rights
 powers
 duties or obligations under this Note. &nbsp;



 the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waive
 and agree not to assert by way of motion
 defense
 or otherwise
 in any such action
 any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts
 that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution
 that the action is brought in an inconvenient forum
 that the venue of the action is improper
 or that this Note or the transactions contemplated by this Note may not be enforced in or by any of the above-named courts.



 and is not intended to be in substitution for or a novation of
 that certain Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note
 dated December 1
 2011
 executed and delivered by Borrower in favor of Lender in the original principal amount of $2
000
000.00
&#148;). &nbsp;&nbsp;This Note shall continue to be secured by the security instruments and UCC statements executed and filed with the Original Note
 and otherwise as set forth in the loan documentation executed in connection with the Original Note.









 the undersigned has duly executed this Second Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note as of the day and year first written above.




 INC.























December 1
 2011

&nbsp;$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;500
000 
December 1
 2013




April 4
 2012

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
April 4
 2014




May 8
 2012

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
May 18
 2014




March 18
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;500
000 
March 18
 2015




April 10
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
April 10
 2015




April 16
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
April 16
 2013




April 29
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
April 29
 2015




May 7
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
May 7
 2015




July 15
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;160
000 
July 15
 2013




July 15
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;90
000 
July 15
 2013




July 25
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
July 25
 2015




September 30
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;300
000 
September 30
 2015




October 28
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
October 28
 2015





&nbsp;$ &nbsp;3
550
000 


























$4
050
000
Keego Harbor
 Michigan
March 17
 2014



 INC.
&#148;)
 whose address is 2804 Orchard Lake Road
 Suite 202
 Keego Harbor
 Michigan 48320
 promises to pay to the order of 
&#148;)
 whose address is 2804 Orchard Lake Road
 Suite 205
 Keego Harbor
 Michigan 48320
 or at such other place as Lender may designate in writing
 in lawful money of the United States of America
 the principal sum of up to Four Million Fifty Thousand Dollars ($4
050
000.00)
 or such lesser sum as shall have been advanced by Lender to Borrower under the loan agreement hereinafter described
 together with interest as provided herein
 in accordance with the terms of this Second Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (this &#147;


 dated December 1
 2011
 by and between Lender and Borrower
 as amended in the First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated April 15
 2013 and as s amended in the Second Amendment to Loan Agreement dated December 13
 2013 (as amended
&#148;)
 Lender has loaned Borrower Four Million Fifty Thousand Dollars ($4
050
000.00). &nbsp;All advances made hereunder shall be charged to a loan account in Borrower's name on Lender's books
 and Lender shall debit to such account the amount of each advance made to
 and credit to such account the amount of each repayment made by Borrower. &nbsp;From time to time but not less than quarterly
 Lender shall furnish Borrower a statement of Borrower's loan account
 which statement shall be deemed to be correct
 accepted by
 and binding upon Borrower
 unless Lender receives a written statement of exceptions from Borrower within ten (10) days after such statement has been furnished. Terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Loan Agreement. &nbsp;&nbsp;


&#148;). Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default (as defined below)
 the unpaid principal balance of this Note shall bear interest
 computed upon the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days elapsed in a month
 at a rate equal to the lesser of five percent (5%) over the Effective Rate or the highest rate allowed by applicable law. &nbsp;The indebtedness represented by this Note shall be paid to Lender in an installment of interest only on the first anniversary of the date of this Note
 and
 if not sooner converted in accordance with the terms of this Note
 the entire unpaid principal balance of this Note
 together with all accrued and unpaid interest
&#148;) listed in Exhibit 1 on the Due Date specified in Exhibit 1 and (b) with respect to any additional Tranche within 24 months of the full funding of such Tranche (with respect to each Tranche
 a &nbsp;&#147;


. &nbsp;Borrower may prepay the principal balance of this Note
 in whole or in part
 plus all accrued interest then outstanding upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to Lender; provided
 however
 there shall be a pre-payment premium of five (5%) percent of each amount prepaid at any time during the term of this Note.









 at any time prior to the repayment in full of this Note
 each Tranche of the outstanding indebtedness of this Note
 with the exception of Tranche 1 as discussed below
 (including all accrued and unpaid interest) may be converted into shares of common stock of Borrower (&#147;
 
 that any Tranche funded after the date hereof shall be convertible at a Conversion Price of $0.30 per share.



000 is extended until June 1
 2014. &nbsp;Tranche 1 may be converted into shares of common stock of Borrower (&#147;






 (i) the portion of this Note so converted shall be deemed cancelled and shall be converted into the Shares as specified above; (ii) Lender
 by acceptance of this Note
 agrees to deliver the executed original of this Note to Borrower within ten (10) days of the conversion of the entire outstanding indebtedness of this Note and to execute all governing documents of Borrower and such other agreements as are necessary to document the issuance of the Shares and to comply with applicable securities laws; and (iii) as soon as practicable after Borrower&#146;s receipt of the documents referenced above
 Borrower shall issue and deliver to Lender stock certificates evidencing the Shares. &nbsp;





&#146;s failure to pay the outstanding indebtedness of this Note within ten (10) days of the date on which such payment is due hereunder
 whether at maturity or otherwise;



 condition or agreement contained in this Note
 the Loan Agreement or the Security Agreement (defined below)
 which breach or failure continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by Borrower of written notice specifying the nature of the default. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 Borrower shall not be in default under this subsection (b) with respect to any non-monetary breach that can be cured by the performance of affirmative acts if Borrower promptly commences the performance of said affirmative acts and diligently prosecutes the same to completion within a period of forty-five (45) calendar days after receipt by Borrower of written notice specifying the nature of the default;










Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
 at the election of Lender
 the entire unpaid principal balance of this Note
 together with all accrued and unpaid interest
 shall be immediately due and payable in full.


. &nbsp;This Note is secured by all of the assets of Borrower pursuant to that certain Security Agreement
 dated as of December 1
 2011 (the &#147;


. &nbsp;Borrower and all endorsees
 sureties and guarantors hereof hereby jointly and severally waive presentment for payment
 demand
 notice of non-payment
 notice of protest or protest of this Note
 and Lender diligence in collection or bringing suit
 and do hereby consent to any and all extensions of time
 renewals
 waivers or modifications as may be granted by Lender with respect to payment or any other provisions of this Note. &nbsp;The liability of Borrower under this Note shall be absolute and unconditional
 without regard to the liability of any other party. &nbsp;


. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
&#148; shall mean the maximum non-usurious rate of interest that Lender is allowed to contract for
 charge
 take
 reserve or receive under the applicable laws of any applicable state or of the United States of America (whichever from time to time permits the highest rate for the use
 forbearance or detention of money) after taking into account
 to the extent required by applicable law
 any and all relevant payments or charges hereunder
 or under any other document or instrument executed and delivered in connection therewith and the indebtedness evidenced hereby. &nbsp;

In the event Lender ever receives
 as interest
 any amount in excess of the Maximum Rate
 such amount as would be excessive interest shall be deemed a partial prepayment of principal
 and
 if the principal hereof is paid in full
 any remaining excess shall be returned to Borrower. &nbsp;In determining whether or not the interest paid or payable
 under any specified contingency
 exceeds the Maximum Rate
 Borrower and Lender shall
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 (a) characterize any non-principal payment as an expense
 fee
 or premium rather than as interest; (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof; and (c) amortize
 prorate
 allocate and spread the total amount of interest through the entire contemplated term of such indebtedness until payment in full of the principal (including the period of any extension or renewal thereof) so that the interest on account of such indebtedness shall not exceed the Maximum Rate.









 consents
 amendments or waivers of any provision of any this Note shall be effective only if in writing and signed by Lender and then shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the limited purpose for which given. 



 postage prepaid
 by registered or certified mail
 return receipt requested
 to the addresses set forth at the beginning of this Note or such other addresses as Borrower or Lender may indicate by written notice.






 however
 that neither party may
 without the prior written consent of the other party
 assign any rights
 powers
 duties or obligations under this Note. &nbsp;



 the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waive
 and agree not to assert by way of motion
 defense
 or otherwise
 in any such action
 any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts
 that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution
 that the action is brought in an inconvenient forum
 that the venue of the action is improper
 or that this Note or the transactions contemplated by this Note may not be enforced in or by any of the above-named courts.



 and is not intended to be in substitution for or a novation of
 that certain Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note
 dated December 1
 2011
 executed and delivered by Borrower in favor of Lender in the original principal amount of $2
000
000.00
&#148;). &nbsp;&nbsp;This Note shall continue to be secured by the security instruments and UCC statements executed and filed with the Original Note
 and otherwise as set forth in the loan documentation executed in connection with the Original Note.









 the undersigned has duly executed this Second Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note as of the day and year first written above.




 INC.






















December 1
 2011

&nbsp;$ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;500
000 
June 1
 2014




April 4
 2012

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
April 4
 2014




May 8
 2012

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
May 18
 2014




March 18
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;500
000 
March 18
 2015




April 10
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
April 10
 2015




April 16
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
April 16
 2013




April 29
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
April 29
 2015




May 7
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
May 7
 2015




July 15
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;160
000 
July 15
 2013




July 15
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;90
000 
July 15
 2013




July 25
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
July 25
 2015




September 30
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;300
000 
September 30
 2015




October 28
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;250
000 
October 28
 2015




December 30
 2013

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;500
000 
December 30
 2015





&nbsp;$ &nbsp;4
050
000 



























of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended


 Andrew D. Dahl
 certify that:



 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;);



 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;



 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;






 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure the material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly through the period in which this report is being prepared;



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations
 and



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and



 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2014



























of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended


 Philip M. Rice II certify that:


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;);


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure the material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly through the period in which this report is being prepared;



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations
 and



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.


31
 2014





























(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350

Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code)


 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Andrew D. Dahl
 Chief Administrative Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350)
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:






 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 


 2014





 INC. AND WILL BE RETAINED BY HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.

























(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350

Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code)


 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Philip M. Rice II
 Chief Accounting Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350)
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:






 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 


 2014





 INC. AND WILL BE RETAINED BY HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.



















	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 Inc. and Subsidiaries&amp;#146; (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.) (collectively the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) business models are as follows: 1) to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers (currently
 the Company&apos;s focus is on research and identification of its bioactive ingredients and is not currently selling its product commercially)
 and 2) developing
 manufacturing
 marketing


095
878 and $3
248
405 during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $10
188
925 and a stockholders&amp;#146; deficiency of $9
673
860 at December 31
 2013. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&apos;s ability to continue as a going concern. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:0.5in&apos;&gt;There can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from external sources such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would
 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
 will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company&amp;#146;s existing stockholders.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:0.5in&apos;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability or classification of asset-carrying amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:0.5in&apos;&gt;The Company is attempting to address its lack of liquidity by raising additional funds
 either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. &amp;nbsp;There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to raise the additional funds it requires.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:0.5in&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt 0.5in&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183; &lt;/font&gt;received proceeds of $859
500 through the sale of common stock and exercise of common stock warrants; and&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:0.5in&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183; &lt;/font&gt;received proceeds of $2
904


 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounting Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; - &lt;/b&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &amp;nbsp;Actual results could differ from those estimates. &amp;nbsp;Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; -&lt;/b&gt; For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2013
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &amp;#150; &lt;/b&gt;Property and equipment consists of furniture
 office equipment
 and leasehold improvements
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
 generally five to seven years. &amp;nbsp;Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend the economic life of an existing fixed asset are expensed as incurred. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background:white&apos;&gt;The authoritative guidance for fair value measurements defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or the most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are (i)&amp;nbsp;independent
 (ii)&amp;nbsp;knowledgeable
 (iii)&amp;nbsp;able to transact
 and (iv)&amp;nbsp;willing to transact. The guidance describes a fair value hierarchy based on the levels of inputs
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value which are the following: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background:white&apos;&gt;Level 1 &amp;#150; Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background:white&apos;&gt;Level 2 &amp;#150; Inputs other than Level&amp;nbsp;1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or corroborated by observable market data or substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background:white&apos;&gt;Level&amp;nbsp;3 &amp;#150; Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the value of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts payable
 loans payable
 obligations to issue common stock
 accrued expenses and customer deposits. &amp;nbsp;All of these items were determined to be Level 1 fair value measurements.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The carrying amounts of cash and equivalents
 accounts payable
 loans payable
 obligation to issue common stock and customer deposits all approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company considers derivative liabilities to be a Level 3 fair value measurement.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Financing Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. &amp;nbsp;These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. &amp;nbsp;Amortization of deferred financing costs amounted to $30
122 and $13
722 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset might not be recoverable. &amp;nbsp;An impairment loss
 measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value
 is recognized if the carrying amount exceeds estimated undiscounted future cash flows.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company believes its current assumptions and estimates are reasonable and appropriate; however
 unanticipated events and changes in market conditions could affect such estimates
 resulting in the need for an impairment charge in future periods.&amp;nbsp; For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 no such events or circumstances occurred causing an impairment charge.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;For revenue from product sales
 the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;SAB No. 104&amp;#148;)
 which superseded Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;SAB No. 101&amp;#148;). SAB No. 104 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management&amp;#146;s judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers
 estimated returns and allowances
 and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company ceased the sales of its sole product in the fourth quarter of 2011
 and therefore recognized no provision for the years ended December 31
 2013 or December 31
 2012.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0.1in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Research and Development&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The Company accounts for research and development expenses under two main categories:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:0.25in&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt&apos;&gt;Research Expenses
 consisting of salaries and equipment and related expenses incurred for product research studies conducted primarily within the Company and by Company personnel. Research expenses were approximately $41
000 and $137
000 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:0.25in&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-indent:-1.5pt&apos;&gt;Clinical Studies Expenses
 consisting of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent external entities. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $977
000 and $540
000 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company follows the authoritative guidance for accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes are determined using the asset and liability method. &amp;nbsp;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2013 and 2012 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards are subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &amp;#147;change in ownership&amp;#148; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/i&gt;Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&amp;#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. &amp;nbsp;The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. &amp;nbsp;At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. &amp;nbsp;The fair value of the stock option or warrant award is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During 2013 and 2012
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. &amp;nbsp;As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $472
975 and $48
489 during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The fair value of warrants was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions: &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;116&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:87pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;258&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:193.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Year Ended December 31
 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;116&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:87pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;131.97% to 194.14%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;116&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:87pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;114.66% to 125.11%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;116&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:87pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expected term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;116&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:87pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Risk free rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:94.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;.25% to .34%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;116&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:87pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;.25% to .33%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&amp;#146;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee options.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Loss Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&amp;#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per share is based on the treasury stock method and includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock such as shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of warrants and conversions of debentures. &amp;nbsp;Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2013
 consisted of 36
290
424 common shares from convertible debentures and 17
100
539 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2012
 consisted of 18
698
000 common shares from convertible debentures and 16
900
539 common shares from outstanding warrants. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Diluted and basic weighted average shares are the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising / Public Relations Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Advertising/Public Relations costs are charged to operations when incurred. These expenses were $27
300 and $26
500 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. &amp;nbsp;The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#147;FDIC&amp;#148;) limit of $250
000 at times during the year. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Certain items in these consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Future Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In July 2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued ASU No. 2012-02
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment&amp;#148; &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASU 2012-02&amp;#148;). ASU 2012-02 gives entities an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If based on its qualitative assessment an entity concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount
 quantitative impairment testing is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 quantitative impairment testing is not required. ASU is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. ASU 2012-02 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective


 2013 and 2012 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
 &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
 &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; fixtures&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;51
617&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;112
879&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;151
859&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;316
355 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(6
250)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(303
152)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;93
750&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;13
203&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization was $19
453 and $73
843 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012


 2013 and 2012 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:214.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:61.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:14.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:214.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:61.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:14.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:214.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:61.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:14.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:214.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Patents&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:61.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:14.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;14
501&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:214.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:61.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:14.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;8
267&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:214.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:61.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:14.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;6
234&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;line-height:115%&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s definite-life intangible assets are being amortized
 upon being placed in service
 over 15 years
 the estimated useful lives of the assets
 with no residual value. Amortization expense was $6


 Mr. Maggiore
 a significant shareholder
 advanced the Company $15
000. &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2012 this amount was still unpaid.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the twelve months ended December 31
 2013
 Mr. Maggiore advanced the Company an additional $447
000. &amp;nbsp;As discussed in Note 7
 this amount was reclassified into convertible debt attributed to HEP Investments
 LLC
 of which Mr. Maggiore is a member. As of December 31
 2013
 there was no balance due to Mr. Maggiore.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Others&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During 2012
 the Venture Group loaned the Company $57
000. &amp;nbsp;This money was related to the overall financing of $500
000 as discussed in Note 7.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;line-height:115%&apos;&gt;During 2012
 HEP Investments loaned the Company $184
592
 as part of its overall funding commitment of $2
000


 LLC &amp;#150; Related Party&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On December 2
 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (&amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $2
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the initial principal amount of $600
000 (&amp;#147;Note&amp;#148;) and (iii) (a) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (b) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in each case order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company&amp;#146;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&amp;#146;s obligations under the Note. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Amounts advanced under the Note are (i) secured by all the Company&amp;#146;s assets
 (ii) convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.12 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market
 (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum and (iv) must be repaid as follows: &amp;nbsp;accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note December 1
 2013. The Company issues a Note to the lender upon the advances matching an aggregate amount of $250
000. The Company has also agreed to a specified use of proceeds. &amp;nbsp;The Note may be prepaid upon sixty days written notice
 provided that the Company shall be required to pay a prepayment premium equal to 5% of the amount repaid.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company has made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. &amp;nbsp;These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&amp;#146;s senior management
 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;As of December 5
 2011
 the Lender had advanced the Company $600
000
 consisting of $500
000 in cash and $100
000 previously advanced by the Lender in connection with a transaction previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 12
 2011. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Lender has agreed to advance the remaining $1
400
000 in $250
000 increments (final increment of $150
000) upon request of the Company&amp;#146;s CEO
 subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company has agreed to (i) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision)
 expiring September 30
 2016 and (ii) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $2
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company recorded a debt discount of $500
000 against this transaction. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company recorded a derivative liability of $552
988. &amp;nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. &amp;nbsp;We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;volatility 151.45%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .27%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company has recognized other income of $24
422 representing the change in fair value of this derivative liability. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During 2012
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $500
000 on which the Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $500
000. This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: volatility of 140.93%-143.36%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .25%. In connection with the $500
000 in convertible notes
 the Company recorded non-cash finance charges of $16
575 during 2012.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the fourth quarter of 2012
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $120
592. &amp;nbsp;According to the terms of the agreement
 a threshold of $250
000 must be reached. &amp;nbsp;Until this threshold is reached
 the differential of $184
592 is classified as Loan Payable &amp;#150; Related Party (Note 6).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On March 18
 2013
 the Company was advised of a Participation Agreement between HEP Investments and Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder of the Company
 whereby Mr. Maggiore has become a member of HEP Investments
 LLC. Accordingly
 loans made by Mr. Maggiore to the Company aggregating $462
000 ($15
000 at December 31
 2012 and $447
000 during the period January 1
 2013 through March 5
 2013) have been reclassified as loans payable to HEP Investments pursuant to the previously disclosed agreement entered into on December 2
 2011 to invest up to $2
000
000 in convertible notes. Upon this reclassification
 HEP Investments reached a $500
000 threshold and these advances were converted to convertible debt. &amp;nbsp;The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $377
088. This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: volatility of 160.96%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .25. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Upon reaching a funding level of $2
000
000 the Company was obligated pursuant to the terms of the Note to issue 1
666
667 of its common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.12 per share and expiring on September 30
 2016&amp;nbsp;as well as 600
000 shares of its common stock. The common stock was valued at $192
000 based on a closing share price on April 15
 2013 of $.32 per share. The Company valued the 1
666
667 common stock warrants at $481
110 using the Black Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;exercise price of $.12
 a market value of $.32
 a remaining term of 3.46 years
 volatility of 148.44%
 annual rate of dividends of 0% and a risk free interest rate of 0.25%&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On April 16
 2013
 the Company and Lender
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of April 15
 2013: (i) First Amendment to Loan Agreement and (ii) an Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. These agreements modified the term of agreements the Company entered into with HEP Investments on December 2
 2011 as discussed above. Pursuant to the terms of the modified agreements the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $3
750
000 and extend the due date of each Note
 based on a $250
000 tranche
 to two years from the date it was issued. The Company determined that the modification of the HEP Investments Loan Agreement was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &amp;#147;Modifications and Extinguishments&amp;#148;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;As of April 16
 2013
 the Lender had advanced the Company $2
707
592. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Amounts advanced under the Note are (i) secured by all the Company&amp;#146;s assets
 (ii) convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.12 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market and (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Under the terms of the First Amendment to Loan Agreement and the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note
 the Lender agreed to fund the remainder of the notes according to the following time lines:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The tranche between $2 million and $3 million must be funded within 20 days of the execution of the Note (April 15
 2013) in order for the Tranche to be convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.12 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;If any amount less than $3 million is unfunded &amp;nbsp;within &amp;nbsp;the 20 day period
 then the Tranche in excess of $2 million is convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.22 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market. &amp;nbsp;On August 1
 2013
 the Board of Directors authorized the Company to accept $281
000 received through May 10
 2013 of funding from HEP Investments with the conversion rate at $.12. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The tranche between $3 million and $3.75 million must be funded within 90 days of the execution of the Note and is convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.22 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market. &amp;nbsp;From the period July 1
 2013 through September 30
 2013
 HEP Investments funded an additional $592
408. &amp;nbsp;On August 1
 2013 and September 16
 2013 the Board of Directors authorized the Company to accept an additional $592
408 of funding from HEP Investments with the conversion rate at $.22. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On October 25
 2013 and December 19
 2013 the Board of Directors authorized the Company to accept an additional $750
000 of funding from HEP Investments with the conversion rate at $.30. &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2013
 HEP Investments has funded a total of $4.05 million ($2
707
592 to be converted at $.12
 $592
408 to be converted at $.22 and $750
000 to be converted at $.30).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On December 16
 2013
 the Company and Lender
 entered into the Second Amendment to Loan Agreement effective as of December 16
 2013: This agreement modified the term of agreements the Company entered into with HEP Investments on December 2
 2011 as discussed above. Pursuant to the terms of the modified agreements the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $4
050
000. The Company determined that the modification of the HEP Investments Loan Agreement was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &amp;#147;Modifications and Extinguishments&amp;#148;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Amounts advanced under the Note continue to be &amp;nbsp;(i) secured by all the Company&amp;#146;s assets
 (ii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum and (iii) must be repaid as follows: accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the $250
000 tranche and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Tranche (the Tranche of September 30
 2013 is funded at $300
000 with the same terms as described above). As of December 31
 2013
 there was accrued but unpaid interest due HEP Investments of $212
000 relating to $1
000
000 in investments that reached their first anniversaries between the fourth quarter of 2012 and the fourth quarter of 2013.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended June 30
 2013
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $971
000. &amp;nbsp;HEP Investments has reached a $1
000
000 threshold (including monies advanced during the three months ended March 31
 2013) and these advances have been converted into convertible debt. &amp;nbsp;The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $1
000
000. &amp;nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. This stock was valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 151.37%-153.70%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rates of 0.20-0.24%. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended September 30
 2013
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $592
408. &amp;nbsp;HEP Investments has reached a $3
300
000 threshold (including monies advanced since September 2011) and these advances have been converted into convertible debt. &amp;nbsp;The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $800
000 during the quarter ended September 30
 2013. &amp;nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. This stock was valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 139.26%-147.03%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rates of 0.33-0.34%. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended December 31
 2013
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $750
000. &amp;nbsp;HEP Investments has reached a $4
050
000 threshold and these advances have been converted into convertible debt. &amp;nbsp;The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $648
663 during the quarter ended December 31
 2013. &amp;nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. This stock was valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 133.07%-134.91%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rates of 0.33-0.4%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;As of December 1
 2013
 the first tranche of $500
000 11% Convertible Debenture became due. &amp;nbsp;HEP Investments opted not to convert the debt into common stock and requested the Company extend the Tranche terms an additional 6 months. &amp;nbsp;On March 17
 2014
 the Company and HEP Investments agreed to extend the terms of the 11% Convertible Debenture to June 1
 2014 (see Note 17 &amp;#150; Subsequent Events). &amp;nbsp;The Company determined that the modification of the HEP Investments loan Agreement was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50 &amp;#147;Modifications and Extinguishments&amp;#148;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0.1in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Venture Group&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On January 27
 2012
 the Company and The Venture Group
 LLC
 a Maryland limited liability company (&amp;#147;Venture Group&amp;#148;)
 entered into the following agreements
 effective as of January 26
 2012: (i) a Subscription Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance $500
000 to the Company
 as follows: &amp;nbsp;$332
000 on January 26
 2012
 which advance has been made
 and $168
000 by February 3
 2012
 (ii) a Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of $500
000 (&amp;#147;Note&amp;#148;); (iii) (a) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a subordinated security interest in all of its assets and (b) an IP security agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a subordinated security interest in all its intellectual properties
 including patents
 to secure its obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents; and (iv) a Termination and Mutual Release Agreement under which the Company and Venture Group terminated their prior agreements and released each other from any liability
 including liabilities related to the financing agreements they previously executed (See Form 8-K Current Report dated December 2
 2011). In addition
 the Company and Oxford Holdings LLC entered into a Termination and Release Agreement under which the Company and Oxford Holdings
 LLC terminated their prior agreement and Oxford Holdings released the Company from any liability
 including liabilities related to the agreement they previously executed. &amp;nbsp;The Company also acknowledged an intercreditor agreement between Venture Group and HEP Investments
 LLC
 the Company senior secured lender. &amp;nbsp;As of September 30
 2013
 Venture Group completed its funding of $168
000 to the Company. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;In addition
 the Company has agreed to issue the Lender warrants to purchase an aggregate of 833
333 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share
 for a term of three years from January 27
 2012. &amp;nbsp;The Warrants are issuable to the Lender pro rata based on the amount invested in relation to the total investment amount (about 166
667 warrants per $100
000 invested). Accordingly
 1) for the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded finance charges of $293
282 related to 553
112 warrants valued at $111
125 and excess finance charges of $182
157 relating to the $332
000 advanced as of that date; 2) for the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded finance charges of $108
390 related to 200
000 warrants. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company recorded excess finance charges of $311
405 relating to the issuance of 11% Convertible Debentures in the principal amount of $168
000.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Amounts advanced under the Note are (i) secured on a subordinated basis by all the Company&amp;#146;s assets
 (ii) convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at $.12 per share
 (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum (payable on the first and second anniversary of the Note (unless earlier paid off)
 in cash or stock
 at the Company&amp;#146;s option)
 and (iv) unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note (January 27
 2014). &amp;nbsp;The Company has agreed to pay the following aggregate fees to Oxford Holdings
 LLC in connection with the Loan transaction: (i) finder&amp;#146;s fees of approximately $27
600 in cash
 (ii) warrants to purchase 200
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.15 per share for a term of two years
 and (iii) a $15
000 non-accountable expense allowance. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 The Company has agreed to pay Venture Group $10
000 in cash in payment of the Venture Group&amp;#146;s legal fees.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;As a result of the completed funding the Company has issued an additional 280
000
 3 year common stock warrants exercisable at $.12 per share valued at $108
390. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 150.98%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of 0.32%. pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreement and Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note dated January 26
 2012.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On October 30
 2013
 the Venture Group notified the Company that it would convert $150
000 of the $500
000 convertible debenture into 1
250
00 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Other Debt&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended March 31
 2012
 1% Convertible Debentures in the amount of $47
500 matured and were extended by a Note Holder and significant shareholder of the Company. Under the terms of the extension agreement the Notes will all be extended by two years from their original maturity date. &amp;nbsp;These modifications were not considered significant under ASC standards.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended June 30
 2012
 1% Convertible Debentures in the amount of $37
600 that matured
 as well as $70
000 in 1% Convertible Debentures that were due to mature in the third quarter were extended by a Note Holder and significant shareholder of the Company. The extensions were requested by the Note Holder for no consideration. These modifications were not considered significant under ASC standards.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Convertible debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;December 31
 &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;December 31
 &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1% Convertible notes payable
 net of unamortized discount of $5
546 &amp;nbsp;and $45
300 respectively
 due at various dates ranging from January 2014 to September 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;375
054&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;440
300&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $2
235
217 &amp;nbsp;and $517
542
 respectively
 due at various dates ranging from December 2013 to December 2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
814
783&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;482
458&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;11% Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized discount of $29
707 &amp;nbsp;and $178
393
 respectively
 due January 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;320
293&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;153
608&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2
510
130&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
076
366&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less: &amp;nbsp;Current portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
619
319&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;482
458&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Long term portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;890
811&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:84pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;593
908&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Amortization of the debt discount on all convertible debt was $1
464
515 and $668
747 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012


 2011 with HEP Investments
 LLC
 the Company recorded a derivative liability of $552
988. &amp;nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. &amp;nbsp;This derivative liability was valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.17
 expected volatility of 151.45% over the two year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .27%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company has recognized other income of $24
422 representing the change in fair value of this derivative liability as of December 31
 2011. &amp;nbsp;The derivative liability was marked to fair value at December 31
 2011 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.25
 a volatility of 151.49% over the remaining 1.92 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On April 4
 2012
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $496
375 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 143.36% over the remaining 1.66 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On May 8
 2012
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $507
916 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 140.93% over the remaining 1.57 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On December 31
 2012
 the Company valued the derivative liability at $1
026
128 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.19
 an expected volatility of 151.75% over the remaining 0.92 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .26%. The fair value of the derivative decreased by $506
729 which has been recorded in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On March 18
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $377
088 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.22
 an expected volatility of 160.96% over the remaining 0.71 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 7.2pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On April 10
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $616
040 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.35
 an expected volatility of 151.37% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .24%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On April 16
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $518
756 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.30
 an expected volatility of 151.72% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .24%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On April 29
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $856
410 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.47
 an expected volatility of 153.70% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .20%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On May 7
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $916
028 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.50 an expected volatility of 153.46% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .22%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On July 15
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $504
699 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.32 an expected volatility of 146.56% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .34%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On July 25
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $418
790 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.46 an expected volatility of 147.03% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .32%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On September 30
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $479
502 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.45 an expected volatility of 139.26% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .33%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On October 28
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $214
525 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.37 an expected volatility of 134.91% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .33%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On December 18
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $185
438 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.33 an expected volatility of 134.11% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .34%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On December 30
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $248
701 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.42 an expected volatility of 133.07% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .39%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 7.2pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0cm 0cm 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot;&gt;On December 31
 2013
 the Company valued the derivative liability at $8
036
239 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.39
 an expected volatility of 133.09% over the remaining contractual lives of the note ranging from 0.90-1.93 years
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .38%. The fair value of the derivative increased by $1
674
135 which has been recorded in the statement of operations for the twelve months ended December 31


 &amp;#147;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&amp;#148;
 the following table represents the Company&amp;#146;s fair value hierarchy for its financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:175.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:175.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Level 3 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Total &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:175.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:175.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Derivative Instruments &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;8
036
239&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;8
036
239&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:175.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:175.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Derivative Instruments &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
026
128&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
026
128&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Level 3 financial instruments consist of certain embedded conversion features. &amp;nbsp;The fair value of these imbedded conversion features are estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model. &amp;nbsp;The Company adopted the disclosure requirements of ASU 2011-04
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Fair Value Measurements
&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt; during the quarter ended March 31
 2012.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The following table summarizes the changes in fair value of the Company&amp;#146;s Level 3 financial instruments for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;378&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;378&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; rowspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; rowspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;378&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;378&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Beginning Balance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
026
128&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;528
566&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;378&quot; rowspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Initial recognition - Derivative liability of embedded conversion feature of the Convertible Notes &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;5
335
976&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
004
291&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;378&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Change in fair value &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
674
135&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(506
728)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;378&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Ending Balance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;8
036
239&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
026


 2012
 the Company was obligated to issue an aggregate of 1
740
698 shares of common stock valued at $337
478 to certain investors and Great Northern Reserve Partners
 LLC (&amp;#147;GNRP&amp;#148;)
 a former consultant (Andrew Dahl
 CEO of the Company
 was principal partner of GNRP). &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the quarter ended June 30
 2013
 the Company issued 600
000 shares of common stock valued at $72
000 to HEP Investments
 LLC according to the terms of a Convertible Note (see Note 7 &amp;#150; Convertible Debt).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the quarter ended September 30
 2013
 the Company issued 99
217 shares of common stock valued at $40
802 to HEP Investments
 LLC according to the terms of a Convertible Note in order to satisfy the remaining balance of $27
000. This transaction resulted in finance costs of $19
202 being recorded (see Note 7 &amp;#150; Convertible Debt).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the quarter ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 90
000 shares of common stock valued at $32
310 to HEP Investments
 LLC according to the terms of a Convertible Note in order to satisfy the remaining balance of $21
600. This transaction resulted in finance costs of $5
310 being recorded (see Note 7 &amp;#150; Convertible Debt).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0.1in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2013
 the Company has reclassified its obligation to issue an aggregate of 1
385
320 shares of common stock valued at $277
064 to GNRP to accrued liabilities. This reclassification is the result of a Board Resolution passed on July 19


 2010
 the Company executed a multi-year exclusive worldwide distribution agreement (&amp;#147;Zus Agreement&amp;#148;) regarding the ProAlgaZyme product (&amp;#147;ProAlgaZyme&amp;#148; or &amp;#147;Product&amp;#148;) with Zus Health
 LLC
 an international distributor of health and nutritional products (&amp;#147;Zus&amp;#148; or &amp;#147;Distributor&amp;#148;). This Agreement called for certain minimum payments subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. The Company new management team (from December 2011) had been assessing certain of the Company contractual relationships
 including the Zus relationship
 in the context of the regulatory environment in which they are currently operating. Based on this review
 the Company determined that Zus (as well as its purported assignee
 Ceptazyme
 LLC) had engaged in multiple material breaches of the Zus Agreement. &amp;nbsp;On January 9
 2012
 a dispute arose when Zus Health attempted to assign its License Agreement to Ceptazyme. &amp;nbsp;The Company notified Ceptazyme (i) that there was no agreement between the Company and Ceptazyme
 as the Company had not approved any assignment of the License Agreement by Zus Health to Ceptazyme and (ii) that
 even if there had been a valid assignment to Ceptazyme
 Ceptazyme had committed multiple material breaches of the agreement. &amp;nbsp;The Company believed that Ceptazyme (i) failed to market the Company&amp;#146;s product in a manner compliant with state and federal regulations
 and (ii) allowed its distributors to make claims and representations that were not in compliance with applicable regulations
 among many other breaches. &amp;nbsp;As a result
 the Company filed a lawsuit in Michigan against Zus Health and Ceptazyme on January 16
 2012
 alleging breach of contract. &amp;nbsp;Ceptazyme responded by filing suit in Utah against the Registrant on January 24
 2012
 also alleging
 breach of contract.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On June 12
 2013
 the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release of all Claims (the &amp;#147;Settlement Agreement&amp;#148;) with Ceptazyme
 LLC (&amp;#147;Ceptazyme&amp;#148;) and Zus Health
 LLC (&amp;#147;Zus Health&amp;#148;) resolving claims the parties brought against one another in connection with a license agreement between the Company and Zus Health dated September 2
 2010 (the &amp;#147;License Agreement&amp;#148;). &amp;nbsp;Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement
 the parties agreed to terminate the License Agreement and that no party would have any further obligations thereunder. &amp;nbsp;No monetary consideration was exchanged in connection with the Settlement Agreement. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;As a result of this settlement
 the deferred revenue of $235
000 and customer deposits of $27


 the Company granted warrants to purchase 200
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice (CFO and a Director) in January
 2012
 at an exercise price of $.12 per share.&amp;nbsp; The warrants have a term of three years and vest as follows: 50
000 were vested on the grant date with the remainder vesting throughout 2012 on a quarterly basis. The warrants vested during the quarter ended March 31
 2012
 and each subsequent quarter
 were valued at $10
721 using the Black Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: volatility of 125.11%; annual rate of dividends 0%; and a risk free rate of 0.33%.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Rice will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;As compensation for joining the board of directors in June of 2012
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Brian Young. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were granted with an exercise price of $.12 per share
 have a term of three years and vested as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date
 12
500 vested on September 30
 2012
 12
500 vested on December 31
 2012 and 12
500 vested on March 31
 2013. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $8
921 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 114.66%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.25%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Young will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly. &amp;nbsp;Mr. Young left the board of directors in June of 2013 after serving his one year term.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to John Gorman (EVP and a Director) in November
 2012
 at an exercise price of $.12 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date
 12
500 vested on March 31
 2013 and the remaining 25
000 shall vest on quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $4
848 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 128.51%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.27%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Gorman will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0.1in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice (CFO and a Director) in January
 2013
 at an exercise price of $.12 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $10
381 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 131.97%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.27%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Rice will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Thomas K. Cox in June
 2013
 at an exercise price of $.40 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $15
873 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 145.67%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.25%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Cox will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to John B. Payne in July
 2013
 at an exercise price of $.38 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $17
187 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.37%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.25%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Payne will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to John Gorman in November
 2013
 at an exercise price of $.36 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $14
053 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 141.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.33%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Gorman will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
 paid quarterly.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The company recorded Directors Fees of $74
401 during the twelve months ended December 31
 2013
 representing the fees expensed and the value of the vested warrants described above.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuances&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended March 31
 2013
 an investor received 21
111 shares as part of a cashless exercise of 35
000 common stock warrants that had an exercise price of $.10.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended June 30
 2013
 investors received 1
191
181 shares as part of cashless exercises of 1
900
000 common stock warrants that had exercise prices at $.15. In addition the Company received proceeds of $85
000 from the exercise of 682
000 common stock warrants. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On April 15
 2013
 upon completion of funding on a $2
000
000
 11% convertible debenture
 the Company issued 600
000 shares of its common stock valued at $192
000 and 1
666
667 common stock warrants valued at $481
110 using the Black Scholes method of valuation (see Note 7 &amp;#150; Convertible Debt).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On April 30
 2013
 the Company Board of Directors awarded its Chief Financial Officer 557
000
 5 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.25 per share. These warrants were valued at $250
640 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.46 an expected volatility of 194.14% a five year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%. &amp;nbsp;The Board of Directors resolution included quarterly 50
000
 5 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.25 per share. &amp;nbsp;The Company issued 150
000 warrants for the 2&lt;sup&gt;nd&lt;/sup&gt;
 3&lt;sup&gt;rd&lt;/sup&gt; and 4&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; quarters of 2013. &amp;nbsp;These warrants were valued at $46
115 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.25 to .46 an expected volatility of 138.68 to 194.11% a five year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .23% to .31%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On July 1
 2013
 the Company Board of Directors granted a consultant to the Company 250
000
 5 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.33 per share. These warrants were valued at $87
510 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.36 an expected volatility of 190.15% a five year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On July 22
 2013
 the company issued 280
000
 3 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.12 per share. These warrants were valued at $108
390 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.43 an expected volatility of 146.36% a three year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .32%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended September 30
 2013
 the Company received proceeds of $548
000 from the issuance of 2
077
273 shares of common stock and the exercise of 50
000 common stock warrants.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended September 30
 2013
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $50
000 of 1% convertible debentures at $.05 per share.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended September 30
 2013
 the Company issued 99
217 shares of its common stock valued at $40
802 and 858
936 common stock warrants valued at $356
304 using the Black Scholes method of valuation (see Note 7 &amp;#150; Convertible Debt). We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 139.26%-147.03%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rates of 0.33-0.34%. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended September 30
 2013
 the Company issued 2
577
565 shares of its common stock valued at $1
159
904 for the purchase of assets from Essex Angel Capital (see below).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On November 11
 2013
 the Company granted a consultant to the Company 56
256
 5 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.39 per share. These warrants were valued at $64
941 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.28 an expected volatility of 166.98% a five year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .34%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 229
597 shares of its common stock in return for cashless exercises of 450
000 common stock warrants that had exercise prices of $.15 and $.225.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 800
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $55
000 of 1% convertible debentures at $.05 to $.125 per share.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 1
250
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $150
000 of 11% convertible debentures at $.12 per share.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 90
000 shares of its common stock valued at $32
310 and 250
000 common stock warrants valued at $75
507 using the Black Scholes method of valuation (see Note 7 &amp;#150; Convertible Debt). We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 142.88%-143.44%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rates of 0.32-0.39%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the three months ended December 31
 2013
 the Company received proceeds of $256
500 from the issuance of 833
333 shares of common stock and the exercise of 33
000 common stock warrants.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Purchase of Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On April 15
 2013
 the Company and Essex Angel Capital Inc. (&amp;#147;Essex&amp;#148;) entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 19
 2013). &amp;nbsp;Essex held $1
350
000 in senior secured convertible debentures and secured convertible debentures in Wellness Indicators
 Inc. (&amp;#147;Wellness&amp;#148;)
 an Illinois based company. &amp;nbsp;Essex
 along with other secured lenders held a total of $2
000
000 of secured debt. &amp;nbsp;Essex foreclosed on certain assets
 consisting principally of intellectual property (the &amp;#147;Assets&amp;#148;)
 that secured Wellness&amp;#146; obligation under the debentures. &amp;nbsp;Upon the foreclosure and acquisition of all right
 title and interest in and to the Assets &amp;nbsp;pursuant to its 1st perfected security interest in the Assets
 the Company purchased the Assets from Essex for $1
100
000
 paid in the common stock of the Company with each such share being issued at the lesser of (i) $0.31 per share; or (ii) a price equal to the weighted average price of said shares on the OTCBB for 20 consecutive trading days ending on the date of Closing (date of such closing being the &amp;#147;Closing Date&amp;#148;) plus a 20% premium amount.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On August 19
 2013 (previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 20
 2013)
 the Company completed the acquisition from Essex of certain assets
 consisting principally of pending patents (the &amp;#147;Assets&amp;#148;) of Wellness. &amp;nbsp;Essex held senior secured convertible debentures and secured convertible debentures in Wellness. &amp;nbsp;Essex foreclosed and acquired all rights
 title and interest in and to the Assets pursuant to its 1st perfected security interest in the Assets.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company purchased the Assets from Essex for $1
100
000. &amp;nbsp;$801
507 was paid in common stock with the remainder of $298
493 paid in cash. &amp;nbsp;There were 2
577
565 shares of common stock issued
 valued at $0.31 per share. &amp;nbsp;Based on the current market price of the stock at the time of issuance
 the Company recorded the 2
577
565 shares of common stock issued at $1
159
904. &amp;nbsp;The Company also incurred an additional $32
884 in transaction costs
 for a total transaction cost of $1
491
281. &amp;nbsp;The Company acquired both furniture and equipment
 along with 2 pending patents. &amp;nbsp;The Company valued the furniture and equipment at $100
000 and the patent applications pending at $1
391
281.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0.1in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Stock Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;A summary of the status of the Company&amp;#146;s warrants is presented below.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:141pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:141pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;201&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:150.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;208&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:156pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:141pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:141pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:141pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;16
365
209&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;20
413
430&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:141pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;4
820
330&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
425
112&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:141pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(2
785
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(583
333)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:141pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(1
500
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.32&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;(4
890
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.23&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:141pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:141pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;16
900
539&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;16
365
209&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
 2013 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;284&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:213pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Remaining&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Range of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Contractual Life in Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;text-align:center;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3
439
438&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1.82&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3
426
938&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.125&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;7
152
097&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;.82&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.125&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;7
152
097&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.125&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
300
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;.94&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1
300
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;477
004&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2.61&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;477
004&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3
782
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2.76&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;3
732
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;350
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;4.52&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;350
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;4.50&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.36&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1.84&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.36&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;12
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.36&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2.55&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;25
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.40&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;2.44&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.40&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;37
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;0.40&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:63pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;16
900
539&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1.72&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;border-bottom:#ece9d8;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-top:#ece9d8;border-right:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;padding-bottom:0in;padding-top:0in;padding-left:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;text-align:right;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;16
763


 LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company formed WellMetris
 LLC
 a Delaware Limited Liability Company for the purpose of developing
 manufacturing and marketing a non-invasive urinary wellness test. WellMetris is 100% owned by Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. &amp;nbsp;As discussed in Note 12 &amp;#150; Stockholder&amp;#146;s Deficiency
 Purchase of Assets
 the Company bought the Assets of Wellness from Essex. &amp;nbsp;Concurrently
 the Company transferred the Intellectual Property (pending patents) to WellMetris.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Zivo Biologic
 Inc.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company formed Zivo Biologic
 Inc.
 a Delaware Corporation
 for the purpose of manufacturing and commercialization of proprietary ingredients for non-medicinal animal health applications. Zivo Biologic is 100% owned by Health Enhancement Products


 2012
 Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 2
400
000&amp;nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one shares of Common Stock (or 240
000 warrants in total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $300
000. &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 Mr. Maggiore had fully funded the subscription.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0.1in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the quarter ended September 30
 2012
 Robert McLain
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 120
000&amp;nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 12
000 warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the quarter ended December 31
 2012
 Mr. McLain subscribed to the acquisition for 80
000&amp;nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 8
000 warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $10
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the quarter ended September 30
 2013
 Mr. Maggiore subscribed to the acquisition for 454
545&amp;nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 45
455 warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.22 for an aggregate purchase price of $100
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During the quarter ended September 30
 2013
 Joseph Marsh
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 227
273&amp;nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 22
727 &amp;nbsp;warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.22 for an aggregate purchase price of $50
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Executive Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Board of Directors
 on April 30
 2013 approved the following compensation package for Philip M. Rice
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company: 1) For past services rendered from April 1
 2012 to March 31
 2013
 the Company will pay Mr. Rice $84
000 in cash (payable in quarterly installments)
 which had previously been accrued and which is included in accrued liabilities on the Company&amp;#146;s balance sheet as of March 31
 2013; &amp;nbsp;2) issue 557
000 warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 as a bonus incentive and; &amp;nbsp;3) as of April 1
 2013
 Mr. Rice will receive a monthly salary of $17
000 and a quarterly issuance warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and complaint manner


 2013 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $21
000
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
 at various dates from 2013 through 2033. Certain significant changes in ownership of the Company may restrict the future utilization of these tax loss carry-forwards. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;At December 31
 2013 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $8
400
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. &amp;nbsp;The difference between the Federal and State Statutory Rate of 40% and the Company&amp;#146;s effective tax rate of 0% is due to a decrease in the valuation allowance of approximately $4
000


 Andrew Dahl
 is serving under the terms of an employment agreement dated
 December 16
 2011. Under the agreement Mr. Dahl serves as CEO for one year terms
 subject to automatic renewal
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days&amp;#146; notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement. &amp;nbsp;Mr. Dahl will be compensated as follows: &amp;nbsp;he will receive an annual base salary of $240
000. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl is entitled to monthly bonus compensation equal to 2% of the Company&amp;#146;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon identification of bio-active agents in the Company&amp;#146;s product and filing of a patent with respect thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop &amp;nbsp;medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2013
 none of the milestones referred to had been achieved and there has been no notice of contract termination. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0.1in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Miscellaneous Receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;On May 1
 2013
 the Company
 through its legal counsel
 sent a notice to the landlord at 7740 E. Evans
 Scottsdale
 AZ that it expected a timely return of the $118
466 security deposit. &amp;nbsp;On June 14
 2013
 the landlord filed a Complaint in the State Court of Arizona that the Company owed the landlord in excess of $210
000 in damages in addition to the $118
466 security deposit related to the property at 7740 E. Evans
 Scottsdale
 AZ. &amp;nbsp;On July 24
 2013
 the Company filed an Answer and Counter Claim disputing the claim and asking the court for relief in the amount of $118
466. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Workers&amp;#146; Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company does not carry workers&amp;#146; compensation insurance


 2014 the Board of Directors reappointed Philip M. Rice II
 the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Financial Officer
 as a director for a 1 year term. &amp;nbsp;Mr. Rice received warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.37 per share for a term of three years
 vested at 12
500 per quarter. &amp;nbsp;The terms of the appointment also includes a cash payment of $10
000. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuances&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Subsequent to December 31
 2013
 the Company has received $206
250 in aggregate proceeds from shareholders upon the exercises of 1
650
000 common stock warrants.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;Subsequent to December 31
 2013
 the Company has received proceeds of $100
000 from the issuance of&amp;nbsp;500
000 shares of common stock.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Convertible Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On October 27
 2013
 the Company was notified that a significant stockholder and the holder of 1% Convertible Debentures of his intention to convert six (6) notes in the principal amount of $70
000 with various due dates and conversion prices
 into 950
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock during the first quarter of 2014.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font lang=&quot;EN-US&quot; style=&apos;line-height:115%&apos;&gt;On February 11
 2014
 the Company was notified that a significant stockholder and the holder of 1% Convertible Debentures of his intention to convert seven (7) notes in the principal amount of $70
600 with various due dates and conversion prices
 into 1
088
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock during the second quarter of 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On February 18
 2014
 the Venture Group notified the Company that it would convert the remaining 11% Convertible Debenture of $350
000 into 2
916
667 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock. &amp;nbsp;The interest due to Venture Group of $72
000 is payable in cash.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;line-height:normal;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On March 17
 2014
 the Company and HEP Investments agreed to a 6 month extension of the $500
000 11% Convertible Debenture due on December 1
 2013. &amp;nbsp;With this extension
 the 11% Convertible Debenture becomes due on June 1
 2014. &amp;nbsp;Concurrently
 the Company and holder of the 1% Convertible Debentures agreed to a 6 month extension of the remaining Convertible Debentures. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The terms of the Convertible Debenture remain substantially the same. The Company determined that the modification of the HEP Investments Loan Agreement was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50


 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &amp;nbsp;Actual results could differ from those estimates. &amp;nbsp;Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted


 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2013


 office equipment
 and leasehold improvements
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets


 (ii)&amp;nbsp;knowledgeable
 (iii)&amp;nbsp;able to transact
 and (iv)&amp;nbsp;willing to transact. The guidance describes a fair value hierarchy based on the levels of inputs
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value which are the following: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background:white&apos;&gt;Level 1 &amp;#150; Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background:white&apos;&gt;Level 2 &amp;#150; Inputs other than Level&amp;nbsp;1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or corroborated by observable market data or substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background:white&apos;&gt;Level&amp;nbsp;3 &amp;#150; Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the value of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts payable
 loans payable
 obligations to issue common stock
 accrued expenses and customer deposits. &amp;nbsp;All of these items were determined to be Level 1 fair value measurements.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The carrying amounts of cash and equivalents
 accounts payable
 loans payable


122 and $13
722 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012


 measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value
 is recognized if the carrying amount exceeds estimated undiscounted future cash flows.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Company believes its current assumptions and estimates are reasonable and appropriate; however
 unanticipated events and changes in market conditions could affect such estimates
 resulting in the need for an impairment charge in future periods.&amp;nbsp; For the years ended December 31


 the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;SAB No. 104&amp;#148;)
 which superseded Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;SAB No. 101&amp;#148;). SAB No. 104 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management&amp;#146;s judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers
 estimated returns and allowances
 and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company ceased the sales of its sole product in the fourth quarter of 2011
 and therefore recognized no provision for the years ended December 31
 2013 or December 31




 consisting of salaries and equipment and related expenses incurred for product research studies conducted primarily within the Company and by Company personnel. Research expenses were approximately $41
000 and $137
000 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:0.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;text-indent:-1.5pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Clinical Studies Expenses
 consisting of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent external entities. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $977
000 and $540
000 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012


 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/i&gt;Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&amp;#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. &amp;nbsp;The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. &amp;nbsp;At the date of grant
 the Company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. &amp;nbsp;The fair value of the stock option or warrant award is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;During 2013 and 2012
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. &amp;nbsp;As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $472
975 and $48
489 during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The fair value of warrants was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions: &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:94.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;116&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:87pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;258&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:193.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Year Ended December 31
 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:94.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;116&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:87pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:94.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;131.97% to 194.14%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;116&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:87pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;114.66% to 125.11%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:94.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;116&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:87pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expected term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:94.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;116&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:87pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;163&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:122.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Risk free rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;126&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:94.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;.25% to .34%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;116&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:87pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;.25% to .33%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate


 2013
 consisted of 36
290
424 common shares from convertible debentures and 17
100
539 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2012
 consisted of 18
698
000 common shares from convertible debentures and 16
900
539 common shares from outstanding warrants. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Diluted and basic weighted average shares are the same


300 and $26
500 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012



	

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued ASU No. 2012-02
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment&amp;#148; &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASU 2012-02&amp;#148;). ASU 2012-02 gives entities an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is&amp;nbsp;impaired. If based on its qualitative assessment an entity concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount
 quantitative impairment testing is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 quantitative impairment testing is not required. ASU is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. ASU 2012-02 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective


 2013 and 2012 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition


 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic




 2013 and 2012 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
 &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
 &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; fixtures&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;20
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;51
617&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;80
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;112
879&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;151
859&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;316
355 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(6
250)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(303
152)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;93
750&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;108&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:81pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;13


 2013 and 2012 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:214.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:61.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:14.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:214.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:61.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:14.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:214.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:61.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:14.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:214.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Patents&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:61.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:14.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;14
501&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:214.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:61.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:14.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;8
267&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;286&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:214.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;82&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:61.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;19&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:14.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;6


 &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;December 31
 &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;1% Convertible notes payable
 net of unamortized discount of $5
546 &amp;nbsp;and $45
300 respectively
 due at various dates ranging from January 2014 to September 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;375
054&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;440
300&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;11% Convertible note payable &amp;#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $2
235
217 &amp;nbsp;and $517
542
 respectively
 due at various dates ranging from December 2013 to December 2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
814
783&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;482
458&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;11% Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized discount of $29
707 &amp;nbsp;and $178
393
 respectively
 due January 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;320
293&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;153
608&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2
510
130&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
076
366&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Less: &amp;nbsp;Current portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
619
319&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;482
458&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;358&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:268.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Long term portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;890
811&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;20&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;112&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:84pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;593


 2013 and December 31
 2012:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:175.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:175.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Level 3 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Total &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:175.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:175.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Derivative Instruments &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;8
036
239&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;8
036
239&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:175.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;234&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:175.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Derivative Instruments &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
026
128&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;74&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:55.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
026


 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;378&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;378&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;95&quot; rowspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;96&quot; rowspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;378&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;378&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Beginning Balance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
026
128&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;528
566&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;378&quot; rowspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Initial recognition - Derivative liability of embedded conversion feature of the Convertible Notes &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;5
335
976&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
004
291&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;378&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Change in fair value &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
674
135&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(506
728)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;378&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:283.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;Ending Balance &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;95&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:71.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;8
036
239&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;16&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;25&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:18.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;96&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:1in;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
026


 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;208&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:156pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:141pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:141pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:141pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
365
209&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;20
413
430&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:141pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4
820
330&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
425
112&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:141pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(2
785
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(583
333)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:141pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(1
500
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.32&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(4
890
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.23&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:141pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;105&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:78.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;188&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:141pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
900
539&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;98&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:73.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;81&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:60.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
365


 2013 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; border=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;284&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:213pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;246&quot; colspan=&quot;5&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:184.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Remaining&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Range of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Contractual Life in Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;top&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
439
438&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1.82&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
426
938&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.125&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;7
152
097&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;.82&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.125&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;7
152
097&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.125&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
300
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;.94&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
300
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;477
004&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2.61&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;477
004&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
782
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2.76&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3
732
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;350
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.52&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;350
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.30&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;4.50&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;250
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.36&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1.84&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.36&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;12
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.36&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2.55&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;25
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.40&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;50
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;2.44&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.40&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;37
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 1pt solid;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;0.40&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;21&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:15.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;84&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:63pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
900
539&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;15&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:11.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;93&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:69.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1.72&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;26&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:19.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;66&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:49.5pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;17&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:12.75pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:#ece9d8;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; width=&quot;75&quot; style=&apos;border-right:#ece9d8;padding-right:0in;border-top:#ece9d8;padding-left:0in;padding-bottom:0in;border-left:#ece9d8;width:56.25pt;padding-top:0in;border-bottom:black 2.25pt double;background-color:transparent&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in 0in 0pt;line-height:normal;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
763

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			



		


		




				


				




		















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.heponline.com/20131231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt



























		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.heponline.com/20131231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt






































































































































































































































































































































		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.heponline.com/20131231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt














		
		

 fair value hedges









		


		
		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		








		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		






		
		












		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security









		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		








		








		
		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 typically the entity&apos;s common stock



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		








		

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. This can include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures



		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 which are expected to be converted into cash or otherwise disposed of within a year or the normal operating cycle



		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		



 Plant



		


		


		






		


		
		


		




		


		

 net of income taxes



		






		


		
		


		


		
		


		




		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		








		
		








		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		




		






		


		


		


		
		








		








		
		






		


		


		



 Dec.31
 2012 and March 31


 Dec.31
 2012 and March 31










 net of unamortized discount of $5
546 and $45
300 respectively


 net of unamortized discount of $5
546 and $45
300 respectively









		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
 depreciable assets commonly used in offices and stores. Examples include desks
 chairs



		
		


		

 net of income taxes



		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		






		
		


		




		
		






		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		






		


		




		


		
		






		


		
		


		






		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		




		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		




		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		



666


666



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		

 net of income taxes







		
		




		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		








		
		












		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		






		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		






		


		
		


		


		
		



 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $2
235
217 and $517
542
 respectively


 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $2
235
217 and $517
542
 respectively









		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 repairs
 rentals



		
		


		
		
		


		


		


		
		


		




		


		
		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 typically the entity&apos;s common stock



		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 excluding financial assets



		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		




		


		


		


		
		








		











 fair value hedges













		
		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		




		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		














		
		


		


		
		


		
		









 net of unamortized discount of $29
707 and $178
393
 respectively


 net of unamortized discount of $29
707 and $178
393
 respectively



		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived



		
		


		


		
		
		


		


		


		


		



 less discount of $517
542 and $111
280 at December 31



		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		




		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		






		

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale







		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		



 $.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 105
317
816 and 116
852
093 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 2013




 less discount of $223
692 and $2
159
189 at December 31



		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		






		
		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.heponline.com/20131231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Plant

				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Advance by Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder

000

000


        
        
        


        
        

000


        

000
        


Loan advanced by HEP Investments
 LLC
        

592


        

000
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

 a significant shareholder
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 LLC
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

385
320

740
698


        

064

478




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

464
515

747




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!=*R&J20(``.PH```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#



ML%JBN%JBP%JBR



DL].PS`
QN](O$/D^^IN2`BAI;M
2+LA5![`).X?M8VC)$#W]H0#


MVZB:0LM)@Q7SG-



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````O)K-;IM`%(7WE?H.:/8Q
MGK_KI`K.)JJ4;9L^`(*QL6(#8J8_?ON.W(HX4GO:!3H;2X`\7




+CT'P]A3[]X1[E]V%Z
MB5T(*0]:3_N0*C6?BN7EBI%5KEF5?RE'L\O1J!QGR.4X`\O9L
O9H'+$DLL1



KLZ

-6A(&*
M


S]K@L=/:$_-


;K5K'+I8B+
MC93E-FEUV^UA:RM4VCPH?
(K--LY%\57N0L[FC'J<HX\
/`8Q

M$5'H$H7NKROPF3

MP9BHG*$RQZ0
?T=*<



IU6

MQ):M.`WL@E+:M2G]2!`N%$4A(:$/TD2)1T7]H:AV+50K[7+OS

MICH[3P8?I&:_W9E=BT]D*51X^K1[,HZ7A9`7IESL.-R5WC[-$NQ@A9&B
M_E3R8^&



MO@6T$S\)E+[@JSS;5IU!OU(=G3?`MKR9Z(*,V=-SU,=G3?`IKJI!D`\&0:
M@V]GG4NYI3H4Z/XIH*MC3
3`&3]H1

^Q;/ES]OHT?S$DNI0
MGOO_S_,OYTRG!__RKCBSX#R#*
N;G/\B1^5C%ZA)ZG`PHTC)H_XVR[57K6H+T='


7L#4;J


+@I#RC.
FLZI
MWRPGTCRD


MV7I_HGCU'P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`%E)5-3R!```%!
``!@```!X

MMD_2)VF:OERS.I98`RPZ^ZW[QEF!.:@%GNC(C\._SFO,.MOGV5A?+ZR7FU
M

;]88W[;_OS3^LSKM^;(6&N`
MA:K9F


C-#0(Y[_WU(LN:S.2\]IFV[7-3\;
MD'H@O#FE(I')BQ?W

W-G



BK_B!^X

M#3(='!'JNK%BE#[')A01B4X0)Q@1NC@T.NZ/##*=&:.FI6([G@D+&E+B.T/?
M5;6K
9%';LT-BN;&O!3LKM+G1X3GAV(N
:;4M^TAP:1
G0D\CSHW6C1]:()T

MZ1`9/;O)0E%

T1R)4`+%B9)0)M!E(


M/
+N$X-787L)\)[S]G(@7K3[_:SMOP```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`&%X

VKFV3OL9-4/V[[*Z9D



3FKOO



\OES


MNJ(3Q/0M@H`8-'!=%K$IX##^:289-/LT&/(,%P,X=ST=,,?J-Z(SJ6U[!P


O


NP%)=P\*)@&7W@V7--&V5)!*V(

URU0;%C%U)LA14Z=+;]N&R[(IH*X7W%$LCVW

MH6Q;*BAW#!'IP);YVP.5&604:-P@UDP9K\`!^'5JIEL#

M\=P/

9UHX
[]T84_W0P].'(D&3MR




)'UT4CCS?!7#!N=HO

X$
??MVJ_`\7[``(!)A5G

]]^&^1#:EQ2V.4AQOG_NB6U6BT9GK_^3(_:CS@O

MBT
9?`*JP:WF\[^K?R-
VT
V7YSH^?R?Q1\'=:\4A^QCG

XXG
X!'CB\SP$=


'#+5$9LH82NO`4)AH(@*S1TX0
W_$H``N'C&.V-:RR;@4M;5J
M




L6$2&!X9=4BP2N:)S`:+`]QK`C.UK2


R&RPDR4/9R*AC`
M(UENLX%;TFAA)AHT]+FHP^E7N)J!7;0U6(#?G]\V.45-A!Z%`2-
:RQ@2HH

$%``&``@````A`-*#


M#

MHL5J?KT5$)YM




MG[3_@'BO\26VDRA.U:3J5FF5IFF79X)QC&J
!:1I__T^($WC9NK:%]N8\QW.





JW:?]&B_B9Z#LF&


$@HT49H[)J8Z

M)`/UA_TT2J=YDA?_9R%!D3=X32U=+K3:(V@:.-

U+5@
@=FYRR#_/S;&5AR
M


TXT)F
%JX`I?)J3;)IGZ2L7ZQ&B
MG

M7RL+

110.BP\2%A56#;[V-LC`I_K.%BY%#7\81
M@!NE[//S?3QJEW^!0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`80!*'R$``E!```


M(S=6:%7@)(HQXHKI2JBFP+]^;N_N

H6N'6NSPBQK.62VDCW7
&;6AM)'5Q-0VQO.*W&(-F161POB:1X4#(S'L8
MNJX%XQO-#I(K%R&=]2!?]N*WEYHDKT')ZG9'_H[IF4/B)WHA'L=H1A)ECTW
M2ANZZZ#N4S*G[


&@J8:+;P)*8[















N^

Z%T

]?;
MWUOK?P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`/::%$_K`@``


P3
MY*Q70WU^
[J7H]^6K/G^BV#E-]91*#:T23=@P_FCEMZ7^B\(=BZB[X8&?!=6


]@G@)SCHS'^KS[\P@)1USHX.&4%!+Z
;3
M.G*3E?

%8
U7D


T=\NX@Z:(YX
M'J1A8C.C


B_$+O;/[1O8



V[O@!?#2F@Y+O&?=/[CRKVF&U

M6[#N3GHD)6)GG5:_@B@YH`(D/4`FZ/YPGD;IY2R99?^FL.H#_6.[Y:&KTG

J#IKU


M.G7BLS7!;GK=D;^$NA
#69R-+:R#9GJJ&2LVKRE&'A'R_Q[]I9QB(H8D9?%\
M[&`=-/.^O
DTFV+GC14X@IX2%%EV.9\^(X+%



5=F.
MFS`4?:_4?[#\/AA((M1C
=I1VIE:JJR[-C#%B#

F8;:\L!Z?
MY5YS6=SN98VV7!NAF@Q'08@1;YC*15-F^


#0FPY6U[9P0PRHNJ0E4RQMX4R@MJ85;71+3:D[S;I&LR2@



MM0C1KM1*JZJ':^

MN+2VF1%B6
AUS5,R)4!:S#,!%;BV(\WS%#_%LV6
MR6+N^_-;\(/I/-3JL,7+;)OHN;0;-@FMP$;I;9.^IRYOR87$6O_0:\:)3Q
MG.XJ^T


``








.E


M(Y/8
GV^82J!BH*--XF
4R(*`(!WI^2F-:`B]
E^'GBJ\[4[C;UH%DP)R)TM
M4_J6&TO72?9*B_(OBDACA2:3Q@0^&Q
R.=?$1R;WPW5=+.2XN!`T\2JJ:F

;C)@J#E?\(%4P:S?4I#6DU/BS?

6W\D0
W
MUBB
X=1V91H``.
8X/UM
$%C@'`$@)H8-PF6?PT`LOTX@`D:`T0C`-0@@
G_

&5I[-9
)^W:(/:SSZRL!&/%YZUOK@P:L*I+3KQ
MXF`1+7JO5CV@


M!!

C0BA(AM
5K*017(_\U%''J#

PN!4V\(
9Z
!$7-8)H30KI2#1E&H_'M


(`76M3VMK@5&F[B]FL.#VT
M[IF!!^)

A54/5K=(F3=

MN1?R256



&!NG

M)N%@`M?!)(#;*X







);MO_<TN(;
MK0E$&_(D


M+/!RWK*]!3L/N'F#Y3Y&

M@/'_`
I))N#4`-2:


1F.'I5JC

MK1B#:?23&S&\T$B24Z'M4GSH$[)7!TYHC&?H

M%WI)8O8297E$\QUU7%`U1[VA3W?&@R^/W3([QR+OGS*C^[
^5.OS8H
WY#MN
M-[3F5DG6T-


M_IE:_@
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`

M2JVTJGJX-HZ36

MO&$J%TV9X5\_YT_/&!E+FYS6JN$9WG&#7R:?/XTW2B]-Q;E%X-8#%?6MB-



QKX_
:_E%Q00`VCQ.XH`Q#CC.SM$_



)7;#_YTX?NV.Y^I!/TA


60;:B3K

MW1=
UAL!Y8XA(AG8M'I[Q+R$C(*-$\32J:0U`


_+/$Z3


M0R;Z+



B'5\KUJ5-J

R!V'
MVC/T-V#@=VB-OR.V)BVW:KP2\^9P/N&Z2V#/A&T4V-W206





[-5:W
Y\B56?WR


MQ):[CQ`W.3@*
!\:KRN!MN+P+CI\CL/*YNSQ@O`;/
MST-G%=(57)BUV695DXL70PUT)PS^DQ`2UFE69O=ZO-@Q&O.=!G6AP&Z@



6
I(

#9PN0TH6C7-Y8P+&\3OC#


(=M+SR[-CBW
@U&#0

SH



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#:
L1'S@0``/T2
:=T#<
M;X


B7:N?::5^W_SZ
MR^K*RM?JE*:U`@Y%M59/=7U9:EJ5G-(\K@B[I`5$#JS

MY6?-T'5'R^.L4(7#LISCP0Z'+$EW+'G+TZ(6)F5ZCFMH?W7*+E7GEB=S[/*X




L;-MR%E]HBM.ZP+/KC_MU%[=U@6?7
M%H?



69A(198S69I1-Z&X(&E2_3A
V+=.S3)PT0P-*

5&7(3FQ@7%?1$78%QJ&[J'9MQ.
M=K@#(X=AH90;$#ZM()IVD-#`$C
?#1=C-&AR;(6F1X
:[HNP($--G?_)7=O)







MCI(RF)NSN!O`6P.^-
'9JL\S-`'\5B+@4

MFA!5XSJFCJOA[SA$:YOK!*&W(XG@)%Y@B%OH)3ZF?\3E


_````__\#

@A445-.E\Z
MVL*;2DA.-`SE/E=I*2T0;P)HC#

)&V(



M]YZJQ?&+9.4WUE(H-K3)-&`GQ).1/I;F$00'%]$/M@$_I%?2BAP:_5


3V=A



MZ2IXAOH7O6;SGB8;:[;O:6:#)@#$@1-*]I;S_WQ&G,XO^&;#[XVAXW39)8^
MA


:1P9A@9C'`U?MHJM4PQ@

PIQC`SG-B!`8+YOJ*&?$4#(\_NW&:

``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`






Y#@7Y3B2*9\4:AN::IEO%O5+
-W=R)[7-4RO6/O
M(:-E4J=?*VJ:PHX8%TEP)
61S(BHEO&V5;/L@?\(9;.K6J8W[L34$0M#7GJD


BJF6\D=6*+
2W?MG^CHLL\/16GM]2@:\ST3MJY\++\.%_-OHQ


MN_@$``/__`P!02P
$%``&
M``@````A`/MBI6V4!@``IQL``!



M*B010;`^EINX[85*)9N5BO1A&



M]N?7'Z

M^H)+/E'H'D4=3$M-
J0C)Y`6BW9I!'Z9E^D



]KDJ



U9^2F-+VWA`UHW(=!




M*`&O2]U


2!=(


M6?TG1SV^DDSI
;V


M)]J&Z50WRDM:]LV'U52_T;7


MP29.UZ!=URG^XW0Q*P[;)4U7/2YJ/CQ%5\D5T1


M


7#$[3][[W&&9#
MB62[@=&J$WN;%*.B*73DHF`CE`3Z?L_WRZ%?OX^#([@RF\`H-'7CT((/6O[^
MX74#0Z



LEC
[^&
+KLVF_CN

MVPTG/@Q+)?G
MUHJZB`+.7V+1C5C&G!!A`314@(MI!A8[5L*FHC:2%F(VD@
M:-I(6HCI$Y3
+;)=BR1MTNFQT='2_-`@GPAHAI;5/W9VN3!H^V

JL]L\3EPV8*5GHGY/HY2UTG9F0FV



M^L^E$FI
826G\HQ6[BN_H/^`E197?D]R
ZFW$.B5F^'#`0`GJ=Q78E65&$([





?0!3!3_@@:LZ^M\_*%-3OIIRO!@&'<I!M5\`&!3GNS1_V+K<S




M=RLJ'_&&8

[TQ*Q13(
M(Q:9\(4(ZYF4DJ




;K'HNJD$HS^
M5R_539[










M/YA=Y_G\9O35VNKJYE


\D']Z[W\8B7K=3O9VFJW5__R97^ZDG6?VI?K]2__N!CS

?]YX

MVF;]J]W%=

MI]?]:3[+CA=SXWL$X8[7#H:C?)KM0I*KR;2Y]-.;_D@/O
YO)]
YPV2[DYO;
M_KCQ9%Q%V%#Q_.F\/U_

MCFS$I@9\

0Q^9=3*YA

MFYR

8WK+&MWEV-.R?#T?8Y?JZ$@^_9DGU+Z'Z









6*^\S@P
[O`A_(

4^3YKQ9?E-9%'.JIL`:9@TU.UBJ@GF&O/6/
@\NQWU\3K1
M)@V.VR7`


MRP,^$R2A&Z;C_`SP1FN-#RJ?Y]@2K*%C


^YP)OK&\=MX\9E?$\;^[$0






MHKO\

M'7G]46


I

]C3'J!`YC*11OLZZC^6FF/G*L\N%%`4Z









MS[

%(.55_GM%9.9N?37!FX(C90IBR5!T

EP=4VQ8KQL(X



252DZ8'@^58
MR0Z8@:

$.L)
-(6D\O$XZ__219NW/R3*8+;


MXY)P-9XJ44:2O8%W7I\HG*(Y)5=Y.CR&XR/]V:8C!@2FPN%BS*TXAR/!PD

CB#G=(X$6IY%K^63RY7L
MYY_.]

2`-3^OD_


[DTV2

!7J9*8?\^?A8RP5.`^5DF6
M.``#XL._#U8

MLC?O


MC!\QY+)W[^\8`2'.9#CNT-`S@&YRZ'SDQL[&+)ITD7+ZGVDJ\9B:1W7A9$


!!3?QF$*
/9`K@X
D.)TB
1P$K?7GGY*.KLJT(UM0TOZQ


MRJ`H\0J%
U*@A'NG-*!+$55`P&G6\+Z54_@H6/06SRO-!/C^7(E7;:'\KK/
MO0Y/GG-))K4&P/J2N4'6^11-S!6$GR0#X@?1N`8MEE0BAB6EVQCMK@5]RZM
M;5BMY4JV@RJ`1)`PS2PM9E8*)^-?XSZ$*B0D%_+_?35

M.).7-R1%380EE6).[1\18FN``IUTAIB@G?;(S:%@L;4^`H&/;1`'`J7C6Z

M[/R76N/:=?L9JPJEW?A0(L
5\;_!ASK&RR*3?E

M\'?DK

6)


M/3$!@0F4G)3F,YZD,\NIL-S3K1?/M/K(3:,NB;0(%0@N9K'BE-8F(U'-]2




1L:9??OS3UW?EI9;WFO`

MGWJ6JGI38A/()
XKEJH4I$=I`)=T)5$-KI60$`ER99M5H.FL!X_I

J0@O0/




MMT1F!'*?2N=8`!&\7(6OI=-KW6


S




M_%GHA


!&POA1
M2RDG@2F.B3<Y'V:`\.N8/<#VJ0J?$:$!2_7*54T&R]G!<..-CEMN@/Z.:(W)
M65#$B11^XSOH]!9-8V_XH^R.REV
@LVD0EKF$




=1WGD\Q0#

`_J@08
MV?R1RW3@8WSE

'D*)9)3IUS-NW9B:9AQAX


M+
M;NQF.XPP16^^&1D.2:EMJHK@)'_'C4UI4T%+&NFL@0L%:KNW[29G1JY^B8L_


@SZ
M!L9

MD`7#M5*W@W^+!;9A


Q$U1E1CH4)?0(%B'7QQ
M
BB`=T77&!N

%T
MB\KOTC%%


UFCOR8;1Y`8$Y
MP01`I3(I_$\(`(-6K+%)V=Q%9FEHJR/=.'4-G8*21OLCRNIZC
]0X3E=WO*
MX
MH+:1AP%%
4N-!!TULVY17:Z_RD



MNK1





M'Z-8R`U7&Y
9&RDA-4[H?.KE8/5(J-:PD#H$\!8*Y%-;2+T)#OV5F@2
58CD


4<V
MS?IA<73WH2KNN&_7_5D)LF2\U
IX+S5/9MH'(ZS/RYXR^





MZ.R-J.*F7*FE-9KS+=7$]F6



7&&[^J2A;N$%CA^(8M*!X?45BIRQ

M*)0[P9
G!FN[O


*1'C*P+[WKK)

VFT&$8M8=KXK9F0&\!1





59Z;8]_:?







%Z3+?#3-Z\U@TVSY^&SW

M]G@\/)+BB??#0I4?ULBDK6V5MQO7`9HFT_-*ER?I%]40.YSL)O_?DG0@QK



N



5
MFD#6


MF




TUH












D[ID+:^)[H$A3H86'0:4B6[)99[$(Y
M;6(<4P6JZ*5P2%




(OV;W




`4+APLF3)
+QGTPK8DGB
M2[2^HGF1-#KC9K?JMB:EQYS4=AV;H8C!6]:JOZTA=ZV25XB:2]X*J$V4Q7;A



Q[)^.3.

MJ7`N-*N2HBA?$BW::\M*_=D13Q,%;6:WBT#]44([CPJ&9SX
.?E33[&=-$

M]&






MU_*[91FO)7215ELJE0)^[U&$Z
MZHMS_QJ^U_*K-;^5UTA1#D1Y](BE\8W7W
+0N#)
M7AKK=$D$Y2Z$A.$B#\L'**^3I+;<[A<_5.P1V_*9!2=PZ59F/R#&GMB_X7G
MTIAQ^12=FSHE:DT42L27\-M0=(82/H1WTLWF)7$T(3I^3^8-2T&9)=$_Q8]'

D_JW8+
9Y'1JC'SA
M70RP@X1.J).0'6FRJ#*KBEECU^W9G5PC.

UUUK;5E@#NQUBL?F.C







*DR@D/3SMO





MJ1
7[%D0;5$[O



MKF2ZZ:\))W/YHK%IO?]K3`$%&D79AZ_7+[-


ME926V6R6L[5\25]U2$H3='9='Q6`DV6-NF


M:A
TC
FE*_`I$LPNG%30U3ZBQI66F

W*
M!AN^&`CV
0/LT)X@448`.RJKA8#F'X\FS&;P%@K*=/`##52.SWL^%;S]4R
MJG1]0)

M!*/\1#
WC40]9D5?7J*`N%W?AQQV.![AN1VK0'GBQ[.XT*K/UL!HI9;05[D%
M`BWZ?*B++_V(J#:S`AVV9=N3:U/S!DEYE]RB=
FDK5OS%6@CZZ`EA1LR/Q\7<*W-JA(Y#D-!^V_4C#8$]
M?:7:H[?=OU

M

&$N+


;IG\F`


!*00-S)=BPK;;J`WL
%-ITGO7MI?


VJR_G+9*A=D[
MH#

M
;AB3*CTASU8`9?!.*AB9L

M






ML/&P
`(/TS$G[X)A0A1#






=-!];:%B6)
#*W_MU]+&%W&(G
%)?%F+^+@BDDOYF-NY$EJK3ECPVI\B._%8#I8\
MIYM2_L`95H2B%7=A:@IBJO)0-

M[4EW


';U[5R89CDK&$A?<4#CFA+4<Q
M\!R[2I%)2594
%JLLQ`3-9111GD[F=XI7





SCTV86H1?FFLL4?DC6]1



+UR
M::5ZR;G?[YO18[T]&D$75'LE9ZY)A+09;]B&3KU`=4+EZT7L6#AY/(2O_L=
M8ULL-VVEM1TZ!-50A=J@&OU8U-20B%+.1$TZOX*-%,[LW/F@KO`[ZI;4`*,
M
8\9E&?S;XN;!MIS?`
M:^[$@HPN













M[7T\!5N6




G`?S:2R=A=LK






5;-?.FT'3$2<&<V




M?(YBMQK7P
M5^W3\[^USD_;QV?M`W7':Z#N

]2



Y-W=V$4(+$\-2]Z*\[E7+@4;QSL4)3)#


#EW
;VB^^7A

WRG:=9J[!#9



M-21!

*_0OEL&9TP+^
%MP9P\(7`]=QGTY]&3`
%.$Q.-P
M9N%CG!#!](K[ZIJIYDQQ6.?XO65MZJO&*)U1$\DPX(-HN0J7X$ON#R\!F;7
M3QMM!J04`9Y-97KIOV?6'/54_PI8M_#ZZ.\YHQVP(EWU%&KC%JSA#D_S
*?J



M

MQP\=A;L@%C



@5CZKK5+IY
M79X`:-J'Z/6?

.K/+8LR@K@


I

M&113&\#)``FC:#-4YK_F.21#H?K
`6-KT]8NHVI:AVNMPW==-;H^ZXVGTTF_


_(T6B*LT$M68`^3&6&5'FCD.'E/

L`@A9O'%L;.3]I:





MR$T#B_X=C&V9;Z`;NI!;TRHA3=T&H4W1W*^0C3[B3VVDF\(U;5AT.;Q#U?0$
MH'-@D6]5``]@7PPN[F;R6/JZ




MD@03+(NUAHZ=5Q_/N%D&==$=G`/.?L



6C
SJ*C%[C`1U
FZEF8MJ/_.^=3)?E7^[A'+8O$:_XB^47R4/#N
MI

M=M#:VGVRG]4IO_+Y+N.HQY^D/./\HXK2?A*)E;=BP9RFCK\9,%I&+\''X
MIQ]SO*UY.G_DE6/\.#R$E`7T2=#&#Q86GZ43AS3IW]TOR4=7RX83#S3Q.('





@




H#ME.]2#

M:^FIB%ZL``
%%

RE!+B\
M$MS



MCU0LQ+;





N.F#NV=`

./!'X

M353($KB:8%!DMPE1


A`V2CG0
CF8)&N]$$;@YX

MU[/2*JZTZ2+0E)A5*.XW?4N\=/$L#6E_T3Y[9HT;7'U[JWWVFCYI:\8&5I]0
M/
@30^_S`^=Y:A*/ME'^%/CM8U4.*




28
MC^-QJ:K;]-GB93*:G



M'JSU
F%1Z)60=UB?;%/(!_68
]3;*_FO&Y6^%&?6=`0]UR4'._71/'?%=W/H
MI4.^6S^W3ZD;!UN:P%7[=&7)IMXGW@M5`6

M!FFXOA:DNO

L(:J)?!@(FW8



M
`QK!)5_V_B8/

MMBN5%[M4;7W*BW'M_E5=*-XN/Y5^+#\M+)F#6M)G\J'
+
K$OELED]3O.R
M+_WFEWXA

M=(;*#22\[

MOH05&D*:QLBP*FGI)28?BFQ]U=&Z4@Y3

S4)

M\.*?.`F31;Q;5B^8U





.KL_/EWTDYJ(9/32Q'P.HD81

:W!=R#G/DCD'X=NW;Z$'H:51




!LN#76C_DRYZP*U4^@Z0N%3`&T`L'J'VVYGXJ



B3:^Y:SU;2VKUW<S9B/='N3FK
MY3M9_Z'DQG*P]*R6AC-$?=G2[`:&K4/#/0JH43',K$;C\[@-/KU*K<1;4ZQ

MCR'SZSIT&=XH1PR3%6J[/T8O6C+?4PU.10VB%ITKQED=6A9+9&J2\YK7D4EE

F

MNCJ6_*W3S`&PME+9::%;1






R.83:\`+C+OK(6
M;:%'N*LU=X[[RHLQB8(L&A1S\0DDNV\XW:Y)MFO*OW*Q-GA-4'GHJ_UO
_D

MAY




\N&7'EZK3*+5


N'._./WJN$(I7+MX'#A'LI?QALS$LT[HV
=:'`
M21^.*YPVS#^M?;A^*&K=HWX<;IB6BQ43G)05W9.+^)L:,.1`\OD!5@0?MQN3
M!EXID+G4*_6;]@NA[@R*K:X7;]]\N]]CD+MY\S=%$.4\N\YX\KQA0H!QT-P


M1





M


_O!:B

8/;V69/4S!1!6Y^.IY/22B%^

P32I!M3#K&IXU7B
M&.@@6R+-AE)W&[J#M@A3`*]'T#49C.E:9N^OQQJK<J!L?Z%
_@_M]X9P3PG


)^R._A@(9+PA;L
97)!\M4F&+



M971S+W-H965T


/682[?XB&JBA?L5A3;EG7:


M'$1.&'L!`3E:
Z7ON+'$J-@J+=H_5D3V5M;$WYL$0+]_[CM^$I(P^K^+:XF&
M!&^IILN%%#L$FP;65#TU6Y#
P=ED%D!]_IT9I&1B;DS0$`IJ!=UX7$;)PGV$

M@%9B`7T2IB295#D?*?P@2L\0PAMP3'BYNT8\(7NU'3;GRDI26[I/5\$8/#_[




'3;YO#N7:_2P[]]O]K[_<O3?M2[<KR]Z!





H@#-C+ZW1%XX`$X==1/&0T;/`A[_/[N[9Y
M=Z!K8

07XN[PRV).[Y+FX:;@5T!^5XNV?DSGN##!82DHXA



MC;Q9B4F)KNF41)QKTR=S9T`8]S6[





.[
M`+&4)Z


96GJ8&1A.$I\D:OB-SF.6





I\E8+8]`?1G?RX-J1!=]]$2S[QFH*;L
Y





MDWB6])X
$NNU





M?_[


%A=W9I

MCEV==4_7]E-.ZA8LCF55LE=A:EMUOOER;DB7'2O@?D'+++][BX.1?5WF':'D





MW_QE$:5&0BX##UXJ`$X2,$4Y-`1=S\$B'B@6_B;J'!KG2(:?AN-B$,YZQ
M6&HB44'/08&ZK423RU-HTP:IL:SL-:KU[U!QL4FU4+ZR9%(S$?9!*M:.UB&
MPX0+BV0H+6B/5TZA8:'!^)!KO]=
FXV(0S-K18:J;@I$)V[#L-FPS75R&


M8XIQ/N8CMQB:U0)

.N*

$%``&``@````A`)5\






M]R
DF4:3-



MGTSBUXT-_@WC56!J^`!M:XG0.^_-!
^-N^-GLTH'YX\OT+8]K^$+-[7L+&FA
MPJ-QY'UJ@O'#PNE^

]&.S3L\-C@_PEP-G&$XDIK=UKX3VO\XRU_`P``__\#
M`%!+`P04``8`````$`#S

9T@44C6INDW:I&G:Q[4#)EC%




PU]!
R6*[71V;$



S-DY?M)6?P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`-SR%B^H`@``$0@`





:YA`I<



M&.RWOT=^-)V$D^3C%(I&78'WS++%7*N-!T

8SB#9519#?\Y7!B6Y




$%``&``@`







QX46JH=@0!F;B6V=L]
$TW6*RD.)H&GJE:8EK0
M7X*SB6P&3):CC_5OH4*

MA2D%X/6

'GNI2(\2T8DD*$AR2E;UXG
M(:CX``)HS'QFIF`TT\5FRO*4:
8#)DO






YR60Y!LR2R.
M5T12H7`@I.8]#%U5@O&M9D?)E0L0PUOJP+]M1&=O-

MM



!!6+(RBHS7_1DTM
ME$4MKP`;1VO8!Q

E^`,`
M`/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`,^05NZ!`@``AP8``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE

MCD.LQG%DF]N_W[$-:8IHSR0F'SGNYSCF/G]7M9HR[41JLEQ$L48\8:I0C3K
M'/_ZN;R;8&0L;0I:JX;G^,`-OE]\_C3?*?UJ*LXM`H;&Y+BRMIT18EC%)361
M:GD#3TJE);6PU&MB6LUIX8MD3=(X'A-)18,#PTS?PJ'*4C#^I-A&\L8&$LUK
M:L&_J41K3FR2W4(GJ7[=M'=,R18H5J(6]N!),9)L]KQNE*:K&G+ODR%E)VZ_
MN**7@FEE5&DCH/!Z'7F*9D28%K

C+!XD
M`$<K;NQ2.$J,V,98)?\$4'*DB3ID02N1Y(DC=+)*!F-_\]@B,?\(E:NIAK
MM4.P:4#3M-1MP60&S[9`/KS[V00R=4\N)?F@#T]@NLN%@3K;00G;$/%YC
MT@Y!0+QS`*I]!^\K.S`XQ*BG/.QXO;O'@!GV
.

-'WEV[*[HAR#1L_!
MJ.




R^`L``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`$BL/+A1


5J3-2\IHFZ)5*=+OZ





6\S]
28


0!M..WRJPF-CT*(A@UQ[:-&@!

!BK`!=_UD%T5#!VQ.H


W\N?AO/?J
MT`

J^+
V


&XUVBKPXP
MMW-C$+Z+#P9B


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#&

M%












M@+3+8'F`!
X]]YSKZ^LL;Y[KBCQQI85L4AIZ`26\R60NFDU*?_YXN+JF1!O6
MY*R2#4_I]?T9O7QPW(OU5:7G!L#(U.:6E
N_!]G96\9MJ3+6_@GT*JFAEX
/$LF(0`)VNN

VRU5')/H&L@



E;K-:1R-
M*(%6Z$*V54Y_?+^]N*3$.MX6O-$MY/09++U:?ORPV&GS8&L`1Y#0VIS6SG5S

SI=3Q?CRE;+OK\


D'R(+/H98_Q8JQN@AUYZ24^QVC




OF6XL0C0O[?H[^4

79
F%8P\+I


MG%A=;Z

MV5MM]650OBJRA@N^ES
H%^F!#C6OHE4$E7:;O``%..U!P_;;\):L[Y)E&.TV
M:H+^+=A%]#X'XL@O?S9%_E=1



R




V#UD:`1M
MR-3C^7
BDZQ`H:W^^

M^`%)W.N-3O(#A;;(M$4X]+C\X&.WID

MT2&'GNO\`!7;%X_\)P*Z0_4&A+C^]@0*_S`Y5F43A.!L1S
J3_$A+3*?

MY#H_4&D6A;8(TP\\YX-DDA\HM$7F\X/D.C]0:1:%PP^HYWR03/(#A;;(?'X`




MCZ




MKMD%GAR*\IS4\&?YZ%37


ME



VD

9]YJSN:-)R.S!WH@_.J!'IL%WGRY:J8?



M:L.P1=A:R.22M)$-Q#;`;4`8@`
2.YV04A^@4[)(G:V'NQ;HA5NRP]:B'1+9
M0&P#W`:$`2!1D.(?($JRP&Y%B^?CI=DI&[8VC!;8).Q
.J4$B0G2)
!*F%



+;0F-IP@PD2P-GE(CVB[;?OJD]Z4IJ?






MM((0ZH%]$D0$B0G2)





F;ELK9SV`XT578#VW(=4RM.




3@#FX-7S8V@[16#



['3W[]O_

MO3P[8
`J8&0[3?OW.V




M^D+
3H\1/R/3PI_@Q\XL-6^,OYP/(3S5T:4#ZZ[57S[G3'HS](@
4#^=Z
MQ?7299[:G^$(






MJU3-4_K
#;W:?/ZT/BK]8$K.+0&&VJ2TM+9)?-]D)9?


M^Z;1G.7M(5GY41`L?
E$31U#HJ=PJ*(0&;]1V4'RVCH2S2MF(7]3BL:\L
EL



M2

MB.*YH8*+](LVB__3

M&9*I`R[;'90%^T^!-L(I^EU/$ZVD`0\\+LGL*`;MN?W3.]%;4C%^`








JCOO.\ICWIQOSJ6F




M

M.K_I[&R]6


K5(

_
MY

M.UO-^U/Y_S.AV-M
Y+P?C):)GH/)(A(#E*`E`5B`&I01J0%J2+B9)69OFW






H'*R\_)G-S;7\.5%!


MU40-44O4*:3%LLOD6*S71F&_W%;GLD-Z+ERD43A8A2@$RNV]4AV8!5%)5!$9

MFFQ[!(Z%NNU4=@OQ544.J2C,+T/,QFL0A0Y;0JB$JBBL@0U40-44O4*:2%






MEJA32`M[7'8R8W;B41R%S$YHE1
5151162(:J*&J7J%-)BC64GR_F9+
V.
MC4/F)[

2C
M.`Z9G]`J)RJ(2J**R!#51`U12]0II

?',QU?N)1
M4&9+E!'E1`512501&:*:J%JB3J%M%AC^<DKHG#._
0C'87I[DFP\A-?1I03
T*HA*HHK($-5$#5%+UFDA3TN.YDS
M._$HCD)F)[3*B0JBDJ@B
D0U44/4$G4*:;'&LI/7S(7
3NS/M/O?($3KPE6Z





0C'87I

M#%%-U!U1)U6MCCLI
ELQ./XBAD=D*KG*@@*HDJ(D-4$S5$+5&GD!;KC;*3
M);



FR)


3QNO$Z.N?35ATY4'CW;HF&+]4LM:OV.RPU6




Q
MCTQJR\7T`A-;[V=?33#4/ITG)WKAJYH?JKHXFX2C/4R]93!XIIK*6_4]FE[
M)[/Y+$D(C3=ZMD=UL+(')ST*!Z;U3S.+%_1G`K%R*.[/;!V:Z]\5Y:R4_KVC
MTW^^GE[


U1U1IY`6R^82__$

M#E:^$PU12]0II)4^+JM9

M44W4$+5$G4):O^
2FC43&H]U[=$&5%.5!5'FG]DONO%7HA&JB1JBEJCS



M38%^_D38]!E3O%GH4)17;;U5Z%1&JYRH(J)*H?B:QNM:J*&J7J%-)BI:G2

MN[Q5

M

ZF/?)M8

/KE#
M[B[J9#9R3[&@6^G=_(%NTL4.?4SJ
TFZ5].G\3[].(QVKZ5;Y]U\]Z*F]##(


MW$6NZ&.TCWS8.^E=39_&^_Q][UIZ==[+#T+4DAX$N5`?
PC6/!D$A^)!Z%$8

@))YVKZ--ZG
M'X*QSK7TZKS7

HUT=+OI41B#)#@S9Q#-]+GWZ0]S
M=`C04.F=^J.4M6UR2:G8D-$^



D_/R@9TXR2C!24;).?5[^[
53R%O$H65C))S\]OMH:UD






EHK6\@66L1+26UXV
E


MF4O[]`=+Y&F92_L0$OD9E+^RR(E)P/0__XX=WWZR^[[OKAR^W]X\FWW6=9

M^+%_^.VP7OKP_P(```#__P


I[9V5W;65\_5Z7S
MQ)46LHZ)[WK$X74B4U'G





1\^/@/BX$7`VV8P(90ZX:JO^T
M3UO39^@8DF'N;$8^.PQ?H^@(-HK@]I\902C
I844[FQ@:%

@F

M8.6@'B?:N1I+OB^%X+&4C;1;=S0EE^?0(GA
VT7&#DY





U%

M[=_`U=6PG#\PE8M:.R7/@--S+Z%.REY^]L'(!KH



3


-\<?


M&FICGLP







M8Z!BH`
@:LB^X`:SBW0_SWQ-2T

V9)`:R(U$45$AT3DAT
HS*_5
M&JNQIUF8863FEH2':%[-(K&[H$YL(HJ(#HDH)D/B836GU6ZB9=(.!7HSJADI




M*


M1W7*
U*





\V-


]);^PQ.06;I24==
M

=HH_RRI-M*X[2`LF2(D
^HSS;;D&&
MNF!4
U*


M95%XNB%4%X04(RV02+.
/+8YW5QPQ=:


ESU\1;11WGINXX.*8[2`LF:


]UB+IL?-X(^NCG
PU(\5(R1+ZN6Q%7NL0X'RC&I&BI$6
M2*:9\%A35,\U7['%.H2E$5ALO(_U45YYMEB.T@+)DGI9;,46ZUH/%LL1RE&



YFS;U8MPI==+H&%0\V+0NT+&1:9I]Q\


^FRLTXMDL=#?


M&&F!9)J1#9OI
M\+G4F7[7AJD=!O'M\F\5'=
6-1LW:_WF6SK)S.HOE3W$W+

$*JGA!0C+9!
TUAH=.:JQCW/7.9(B[.W


MS`L


M-X!F?
+]:OKX?!:O?%O(D/*[Z[Z7#[,P$/LS%^)Z#9
MI5+^06!YM*:6G+WVP)Q2X71<

#@E
+1L.-DU0+1L/]AU1+@98BV5*BI3D#


D$?W
].?
X$?7`+.=52H:5*MDS1

MW%*B#[[;2V10H@^^3DNT3*`UOI5*M4!K?!&4:H'6^#HEU0*M\0U&HJ5$'SSG


M!5KC::54[3&`T*)EA):XS&;5`NTQI,MB98?=H=6SS;!?JT.U1J@=;M1I5:







``'\*



0'ZP]E)==X=E8O39\G3;[QB$&W($V9@+\030K^F
M:(+%WF#UH\G`#^FD+*/'0O\4IR^
'W(-Z5Z`(A2V3E\?F$H@HD#C!@MD2D0!
M&XG4W(L#8@(?3&_)Y[J'-Y-PP6RUL?\

XR5%I4?YM4`V790D:
M%OAM6.:1NUC.YA-(/+LC(_!:KK=2'%RH&K`I:HIUJ_!N)Q12`%L3L$QP2J
`4WIRRX[\I:
MA@I6?5J<&4L([/L=AHOZ]-;2S7D0S<:%^)PZ4H
NN^K






M$1

M6$)W2\-MW&?):*;IZDUZ8082&4@L(XHV+)
/T

M$AE(+.*.*SE#Q#'6%IQ75`;CGC8D26YGE:HWJASPTD

M\6X;8
=BRAR7H:W,L,AWC_W)4Q;I

MPAP?NUK71Z9/+*#!9]B55&5LUDG*;BC`^U(O@4]&D`\2..3UR-;ER-!6H8%$


93G^?E1+Q9AJQ=CB

/&U'ZQOR_`#O
R;#IMI@!=CX$X?$3Y4G)
C^3VICEE96SDY


M='








MTS?77H%9VH)5)D8

MQ


(K<5W4(&.#((\!
MDFH6/4N$4C)=L_''Y`8.*H;R5`
QS-.D0`=&16#1Q1IDR#`9AZ0:@B*XCANX

MV[7#*RTP$H/F.2
)AFL/U4(YJT%+/#@^T(_1UF##/58O&T`P/6NXK@AY)@F'

`HQ08!EJ4RPI

M(807.)+-1YFF
(K!6*+(OJS_5`WEQ@9JCP?Z-VHFS\QF)H\`+X@\!;.]$(
M'+Z`X!H

K90&&65`'@
DU2QZJ@7?Z`@VZK+Q



^T
#R7\T).P=4*GP.0&B)2@H#_X9'G\$PS@IFZ$HRK

X1X*0]E^Z
+


O


$8?S=080)`I]#$!XIIH+[5%8XK4ZE3UF;/3_5

MH-!\)AH

?1.14+`^/N87


Q435[G%.`A9*C\(


M(@()+B
K@J

+JB$!C&98ZY;O=4(IZNO0U/=J'L8T(684+Y/.XR!3#,C
M]C$SLR,V(JF-<`31QYN<XB#2YW'$AM7EII18R!WE1JR#[GP3;OLB_V8FDM*

M


=T!8H1SU#4

)&!'I7


YQ-.FJX:


X%NO.D%;]

MQ'\`\+:JVLN%/FGI3S2?_P
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`&52!E:``@``

^S@K
FT+L2Q#4IKVWX^R$M=I
BR]R!;]^!Y)D?+B
M]EG5Y`F

MV`K`$61H;$8KY]J4
2LJ4-Q&NH4&OQ3:*.YP:TIF6P
\[YQ4S49Q/&6*RX8&


M.


@SK



HQF6

`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0`FC4E
7`
``


M_?N=L=


9M'@;T


3?.UJV-^

MZ;@2`AD[7XI!=WW5IJ$8+
PV

M

MZWBC)SA9;9C!?GZLJ:MG?B0_%S4_&79_;1K1T^M_4V^GTS

2:NG)NCLBY


M]H/*'2^5D[

]B:&:P
@0?@5`C]]H`.
MFCU\_1\``/__`P!02P


NSVU$2H^
XL-V7^?LM2J3(XCGCM+S]




RO%X/MJMMZ_#MH7KPX^TL7]\W&YJL]]\V=6OI[:10_VR

MZ07]_EY
UYO0=O
/T?QNNSGLC_O'TQ6:&[5$99]7H]4(+=W=/&S1`R?[X%`_








J

D*)R0&;`$09HR6G/
'$T8=\

3SK7

A/T2**C0(Q`;(H0&PSTE$US


MHK-
T9C522HA2Q!WP)E'TH%W1&VM!LV%7[LO/)2**B`CLRQ!S
D90\+)B;KJ
M/T8+[R\IV1;*-





MW=K7S0/I,Y,4_[G-6VRV:4E)Q0)60D9`DB3=WY+N7D-+U@]=0TDY'UOD6:



RR!#$G
MYR39.+UD[KMFLI._AUC3?!\UZ;*BI@*RE$7\I[T\JLEFF@%*-)60D9`EB#G]
M'(^:2H_R$


DY0C;Y
M+UA
N7U-OD]E`W4?
5LZ*FTJ0HB_GW
JFI-*D`10$K1D)68*8DV)2;CG;
M=YQ*DYIZB,=IOI&*65'3KC!`EK*8?R^3FDJ3EJJ30IF64)8D[.$7[./7&
M$M=$]]
6HG&ZS/=1

M/2I`/$QS36-6IZF$+$'
OY='S:1'!2C55'J4S+($
2?-H_I;U$Q:5(!8TWQO

:VH#SS5^SL@CW73-I9@)A_
MOH^-67%
2#NC+.;?R\YFTLX%`6L)&0D9`EB3NCR3[SF6LF
XH6(CLKQ_D^


M0)HNS!8CO.-;,P*AH)68*X`[T

MAWCV%_E&-F8%`8V$+$'


MI+=9YQZB
VJ1[V1C5A#02

M)IZ-N1N]G&HAG2I`4#B1-M^VABST)
G*-C(F9






M67&@=H4!LI3%_'MYW5)Z78!237U6A(S


MC].XPFO/IS$K:MH5!LA2%O/O95(K:5(!2C65)B6S+$'



D
-'N71(JC!0S):!%KC414M`JWQ$(@2F4
=+

93KEH$6N


:+

M
RA0@P6Y5@.M\?T++0*M\6$)+0*M\7D'+0*MVY5MS@`E:@4*U&-30&=\E$?[




X
A^+RVVMQ






Q+JW:8S3)ETO*_[B06_`PM;G
M%#N-1






(H-*VLA8Z)M
(5P4S`OVY96YY$

PZ'E







M3]

YN!L

M9-D'O%P\*_;!)L-U5TZ3=&`^T_FY`0_L^.MYK-CGF7H\3@

MIPXJ.2`;#\FN:Z4-\@EG'J'3'-:'1IVTT@G.IS!`G`P1+S?3BCVTV&O8RFG.
]I;[[S/$!OEPD5<WIW&?`-QX9PKG%)<*YPYU=^:U=

&ULE%?;CMHP$'VOU'^(\KY)'&X+`E9L5]M6
M:J6JZN79)(98F\21;9;=O^^,'=+<@/`9#@^XS
WAN7#6Y8ZKTPJ+O*52[S`

.
.1JY29:





^%L.14UFK7W)A5LVT?+S9P4Q+]0WL
M@`7=L^]4[GFNG)3M@#/P4(VT6Z1]T**`J\,B*#0L?^9C`ML^@T4G\`\$T*?
M'M!!]?]A_0\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`(&.HE$=`P``U@D``!D```!X


M4C')M:XCUU5)SDJJ)J)F%?R25E2#8]RYZI:,IJ:E\K#3QO[I:45\0R1'(

T%J4OMTPE4%&@F00S9$I$`0G`IU-R

(\@HZ`3^LP\%;N$YA.CI@;BX'/
M!N,W!=$&V50&Z^
8%3&JF`J-S;0E@F&9:9=&2SZ%%IWV2B^!+B6B3!XM6$S

4<?
M#@1WE6SDW
OR([0([M+:R#FM#_T9GZY!=XE/H7:?IV\
-4[H!\00W1.SH0$;




M39JF?5P[8
<&Z*L$_OM]=Q1A)1;J-+RC7ZB$E_OWK_;'KFXES6EH%#)Q-<*]5O
M;%OF-6V)M'A/.S@IN6B)@J6H;-D+2HKA4MO8GN.L[):P#AN'C7B-!R]+EM-;

VWWRJ.B[(



Z!=T-.)\C

M1[8%67:I\)\E

`/`YA!EA



_V7
$

$

GK/LTU-&V5
!*V(`GY9



0Z'?S@1M
8AR//G;Q#%$7X#U19#X3

4$LKS/(\FDYGW##G-


S_P\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`&RD

M#L.42I:[!5F^A8-556\95B.\E;ZT4T;Z@%_Z86G3FJ27:+G*1ZN^ONF)(=
M2*Q%(^Q;+XJ19+.G3:LT73?0]VN44';4[A=7\E(PK8RJ;`!RQ!N][CDC&0&E


@4)`)XK%3
M8JH!`_)I'3`8'0U_Y[+TI;%WB4!N-).(H`1VMN[*-PDABQG;%*_O!0=)#R
M(O%!9`3N#\_C()Z.HW'Z;Q7B'?4-KJBE\URK/8*A@3U-1]T(1C-0_GU'T(IC


M


3




M+!].JB8'
%;J)J-)%%
C=Y;
J
?O_V='=/B76\R7FM&\CH*UCZL'K_;GG4


I4UPV

M)P:*C*Z3Q69



)7:
`O!(E
M?3*P(?S4W8\R=U5&1]-H
KZ-&3K#U+
M1C'MZ


M;






MEWB(LN0YNQ7YKF&M=B:2U50#OZIXIU[=FOP2NX;*QUUWE8NF`XL-K[E^L:88

)C1_];:#

&5'








5-N.
MVC`0?:_4?[#\3IR$.TI8+2#:E5JIJGIY-HY#+.(XLLWM[SN.@4V6U987B#-G
MSIPS
T[R=)(E.G!MA*I2'`4A1KQB*A/5-L6_?ZU[$XR
I55&2U7Q%)^YP4_S
MSY^2H]([4W!N$3!4)L6%M?6
$

*+JD)5
TKB.1*2VKAJ+?$U)K3K$F2)8G#


F)VS/O3G?6=@
QO$?T7R$$]-U$@O6VR(_%.38
MP*@E;M(MO?800LSZB*6'R$ZVJ#0X]H<.

RX:6O8C2W;L=XD
M'KTVO:
)C+4U/394E_1&6_2F_L)CWM?6CHWB_N`FW4OSE\OO7DVW_#O56U$9


M`/__`P!02P



8WF-&L7R8I$D\F



MWC
[RGY7AR]<

M9+Q!!X8]Z!NZE/:@$=+05..E';B5[HI[CL`YZ=5A?KV^L_=(.?!0RD?B]OCU
MNV
^I/4G#A+Z=X.Z54-^'^F7+`[OKCMQPWKT47#@H9*/7#I9#&F=DRC^KQ.W
M:LCO(T
GBS=._`3S!UQR7?!/O*H
8FKGIE
$1[:+=H-S';GBOXW'R;H=J*3[

M95]?0)AT_\+5'P```/__`P!02P

1I*8MEC;O:0=O2BY:K&`H*D?V@N)B6-0VCN^ZL=-BUB'CL!#7

M.;KS%IL$.:OED)^?C.[EV;

MAZ$`7X55T!+O&O6-[S]35M4*JAU!0#JN1?%V3R6!A(*-[4?:B?`&`.#7:ID^


MDB
X[1%A/*\K,(D7CHOD%-RT*PO-=Y4L3DJ=D`;V2$R
\9_YSU(XH6:Q1=

B&!#%U/HL50Z;.-PR29;KTVFO!

TO;YCW%A`U
MKF?3XAQ!X&-2PB2=L1E-



M-`8RC;+(G0DV1@!9'
MP*O\$

47V

W=DQ@+ZJ7=YC





MGL@
/#;-$S']NB


L*PBI#;.0C#R99.(FWE&I)H2*HA
MF8A(:F%E?H):P@+)#GDBY.IUA(RHUMRN0F7JR&)AJ0:DHF()!=*QR?()2R#
T44;.C*F(LJZ((=NFVY?A8*081-9ADQRJ0J$J
M`ID`2+X[T&6)SM/]]R=G:B113$(BHLP#\J.'#$C3-)BW+<Q4N3'S`K-AP#-

-&A?8'4/Y'3T.R%4!*\`1`


60UJH%)I63N2H2*PAB8:D&I*)B.PSZ1WN]YEV&I+/0O/!ZJ2*Q`Y%


Z.AC7K9

2
MQ!J2:$BJ(9F(R`))(W+WA.]DQDAH?XQ2'2:CF-SZ6'L+8(IXL-3K11J89D
M#.$Y8;MH

WPXVU\@;V


MAYOZX6!VA+_




=?OAM1UDG#]?$R%I/L8=+^1*0VOW.:F09_P4`HE




MF=)/'#E=)SPK+9)_%D5R+LOBYRSPF[-


6[4



3V4UOF-=J*=JL/NO0
\CJ?O[U+QDQ



!HKXLYJ'2H.T1








M-.O.AT125;R*HE.
12`V1T@LF`(\EJ+L'XSKA@?#2J?N?%@P4QIQ$YUB
`*Q

)
M'.H.*?/HBN6
1M=$I]#


M91D40Y.;'+.+6[B0'3M.A$$Q=*;#V4UT.Q9'N
)C1

1D)60+1`)S(90&\
MDU0OB3G-77;34Q3


M;F






ED4DZ)X`TX04ZEX`<HKHECQ
MDV[R@DT$K($HOQ[*=Y4*EZ`\IP*$332RQ*(<E(4;\!B-HV*%U)3!XCFE)]T
MDU=H:1D43Y?X[`3:/`I86CJE@!U
$K#TDL'+ZG-$8F-0LQ6@+1@)CB#5T)
MI11..X@L'/C5E=X#;))7(&LD9`E$^2

5D)&0)1#A5#'%
M:W.ZZB_9;3^4;8#`



@--J-
MA(R$+($H)Z9O`]?BF12^`-&<BIKP#5-()C4,:;8$HOP5+1Q2$U(+9U'2\IKF
MQ^_D%<@:5D4?Z?HX4S50O9[K0.7OF0B*76IB:A1@M@6A`GZ.%
ZF%'B):


MCD[P2_ZXO-`R0)5Z4/]/2M_5]

:!L@2B`;`!/*=

AR!*=%X]SIL._*(35N[B&:4S89F^05HC02L@2B_'MI






M1Z67*BZD*@8H6\$E91D40Y*:HX9/NVD+(8(&A
5AYB*@L--*EARG/N10-P




MT$+U@I;/O+)D

MD)&0)1#EQ3/%;F[K=JS2%92P.$#






M/)07B8#


MN!ND65`AN




Q'
4R1X6HW#856*OQX'GN
MM7L26^FM`FL\Y*Q9P!J/&FL6L


-E:LZ!\



'3\V$LO_M+2+
`-


M





1JLUYS[_`]+OMNO#_KA_.@TH
MW8VN*+9Y=C.[H4P/=X];:H&RO7?8/-WW/P;S)IKU;Q[NS@;]9[OY?G3^[AV?


MV7Y^/E%WCZE%JF'SQ[_BS7%-CE*:03A6F=;[%ZH`_;^WVZJA08ZL_CQ_?M\^

8#+I'*')09\F1S@=3
?C


@EZ0H)2@DJ6H'&`YQV-OM_AG4I#
MUP-O*$;^0%OHF(#6AW:\WOHARS:D-11(`B0%D@')@11`2B`5D!I(XQ+/6KJR

NYPO($D@
)`&2`LF`Y$`*(60D@-I'&)9P]MJ*ZP

9LW;D/-V*`CE

]%!H[`=
M1*E)I#J)]W[15%P4
A-DR\\UN5Q:`:65/RG-
TUM^Z]P[1SNV\;(UGN)*#8H
MLONU!*-21KY18W^D91QE2\PQ?8%1):

-2
PR




S`C.U[
MB`E.4M,2:/I#$LJ3)#MP9)E7%)H^\(W5NV&KYC99O/LSFR-;-G+0!/7+D-L
M4&*+$F!9$!R3FUE!0257I#?6K4U=EO[:\-(;[#I^L4=NPAXSVT7[F@F.G=I



YJ)FPLQZ^Q\

M9`42&:(,$V,YAQT!9`22`6D!M(8\L/R?2/53O^*95`?#+QE4)X5ENIQ!G+;
M6AL#28D0#)#_(;

]?

;[=A$65W2K1

M
U'/&G1-I\XIS^\O=0YQ^^LGUW]];/$ZQIQDVFO(


MP]N9K&_-



MOO]R'.ESI[O9-
[3AD8ND#5H&M:TYMMB?//58?6*
MH6_.MLY.--+(-5\3:[[8_

VAT
)/0%TA
MZEFI&*),Q'\^5:#IF%-VQ6V&+\KY)'WEVY1T/-S\EZ:06X/F;,Q5TD,VQ@4
MB2%T'%6[I,[9(4_7&6OTK\OA82*R:&8@B4_J%@)BHH5NF+TP@].#EFQAC7\



M:S&_6SB=?Z2\=#=(?$
_?L_5S\-=W\SHFTY-.)RK'_-0LPS#N?J%![^AGW1(
MT_4-O??XL8LOZ'W(\X5'UE@EZBAA$='[DQW\XVC^D1X[PHM1G-ZPZ#C^?T

ML[EZ[!6_R&9S]5@K?I'/YNKA5ORBF
W5(Z[TQ4UK.+W^^;;ZO&E6A\_;UV/O

MH0IH7QU^^!\```#__P




M@


\?T\V(LWB+5P.`]@H`\=




#1D8Q\I/06.0_(CJC
RP2?4

ML[SG[EX
^KK

M$O1WB:Y$^M\B1WS]O2V+/\L&0;:A3JPSQB_,-//!8/`V3&\TZX7UJK0/OL

M%E\MV`R02G+*V-9R`V#K\9C'DKX7Q6$TC&2+6/9V++H3@$VNX2SA?SM7.!






MQJ&*

M-[:-0
9&B@TD

L#_PBM47M`.U15Q
KQF5T



M971S+W-H965T




M.T


M.CU-PQ0QI60ZD.M`(0&*!FA378
/@_?VR$Q.8!(
A^+$4JTQY3$DEH(TLW9S

I:6+)]8ABEJAF&7JWZ_JS!8





M;F05:M:[0X0GK3WAFG&9T2#EU+WAE(9BY@10RHAJ9Z54X7\ZU^%YUC$
M0ZHAUW-8#!$/NG'V'9O-0[6*G971'
VGT+DRWGZ(8:/W5BF(`IC'ZCF?9:O

^




$%``&``@````A`%W0_`XL!0``5Q
`


M`)W'`[4UK[R5!TS;];X$!9AVIZ&'C7M+HHPL76^[[A/THZ1/K?*WTY[8TQ]-

Y


`

$
M'7
;LE*

!G$6
MDEI(IB*:.-C+IK@`3L

MH&IY_2R6QP`:ZR$+9#5LH9V%)!:26DBF(EI\BX_$A\9Z?!P)Q_!
(#&!U`0R




_52L-YZ/F4#\1=\-9$:6LY\)AI!4

K0V=AF'QL5WQ$02TDM)%,1O20X]922O!.AF)%J[CFD1F@B=Y@0)CH

I4`JV'`JM*\-YJ2C#9@NF'SRUB1BZJF`.Z3&
M]1?-)HW&9N.(:)H;N$Q9*3!]

M-)A(0DPDM9!



M__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`T)%243(!``!``@``$0`(`61O8U!R;W!S+V-O

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
MG)%!3\
@&(;O)OZ'AGM+6:=1TK)$S4XN
7%&XPWAVTHLE`#:[M_+NJ[.Z
DC

M

`DP-*#!!(])1O!W-X#3_L\+0W+2
MUKL;)QIU#UE2W$(IW;OU53LNB[KBD$C^A/\LKI_'$9-E=GO2@!B^_TTW(=5

'NF#P7MW?K)6*SG
S3O$@+
MLB87E


`4$L#!!0`!@`(

O87!P+GAM;B!`$HH``!
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````)Q747/:.!!^OYG[#PSO




EI\A[*][_?NF.86SF5_RY1@K0%8UJS[


64\D#]^.L3L4'2(.T`[%BEH@^+60+TH:3NVA3Q$OL\A3)
BC4F$2AS1




D=)@4(K`;\Y22`E3$OT
MWXGU;





O-4M.'SE3U$_^

M!@`(````(0`L;X;^S@8``)44```/`````````````````(@+``!X;]W;W)K
M8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`64E4U/($```4$P``&```````````


MW@@``!D`````````````````^2


RYX





M`````````````````*


M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#7P@+=0P
``$L*```9````````````````


L1'



&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`/^U3K(!@``*AD``!@`````````````````


M'HK2(`


M`BT`%``&``@````A`-SR%B^H`@``$0@``!D`````````````````7@`!`'AL


2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`D4H$A.X

M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!Y%GV;)@(``)X$```9````````````````



2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`J4/6L-D``?```

M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`S'\10A`(``.H%```9`````````````````'L6`0!X

M(0#)\^1V$0








M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`'ZODGP0(``!`(```9````````````````

O






RYX;6Q0






!`'AL+W=O



C


M+0`4``8`````$`/0D

C8N

/`$X`3@!4%0``W^H!````
`
end











    
  
      

          







        
        


        

837




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

000

408


        

050
000

300
000


        

663

000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000

000

000

000

000

000

000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

500

500

500

500

500

500

000


Warrants granted vested on Sept 30
 Dec.31
 2012 and March 31
 of 2013

500

500

500

500

500

500

000


        

053

187

873

381

848

921

721


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Proceeds from annual term served
 paid quarterly

000

000

000

000

000

000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 paid quarterly
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Dec.31
 2012 and March 31
 of 2013
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Year Ended December 31
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

546

300


11% Convertible notes payable HEP Investments
 LLC unamortized discount

235
217

542


        

707

393




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 LLC unamortized discount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

000


        

000


        

000
000


        

088


        
        


        
        


        

000
000


        

000


        

666
667


Company valued the 1
666
667 common stock warrants at

110


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

666
667 common stock warrants at as per agreement
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        

267)


        
        

234




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets
 if these assets are classified into the current and noncurrent portions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Valuation Assumptions- Fair Value of Derivative Liability Related to HEP Investments
 LLC Parentheticals (Details) (USD $)



































































Valuation Assumptions- Fair Value of Derivative Liability Related to HEP Investments
 LLC parentheticals
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

036
239

701

438

525

502

790

699

028

410

756

040

088

026
128

916

375
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

674
135
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

729
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        

597
        

191
181

111


        

000
        

900
000

000


        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000

000
        


        
        

000

000
        


        

000

000
000
        
        


        

000

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Derivative Instruments


036
239
        


Derivative Instruments


036
239
        


        
        

026
128



          

        
        


Derivative Instruments


036
239
        


Derivative Instruments


036
239
        


        
        

026
128




        
          

        
          
            

 fair value hedges
 and hedges of net investments in foreign operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fair value hedges
 and hedges of net investments in foreign operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

000


Advances on January 26
 2012

000


Remaining Payments on February 3
 2012

000


        

000


        

000




        
          

        
          
            

 2012
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 2012
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &nbsp;Actual results could differ from those estimates. &nbsp;Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2013
Property and equipment consists of furniture
 office equipment
 and leasehold improvements
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
The authoritative guidance for fair value measurements defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or the most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are (i)&nbsp;independent
 (ii)&nbsp;knowledgeable
 (iii)&nbsp;able to transact
 and (iv)&nbsp;willing to transact. The guidance describes a fair value hierarchy based on the levels of inputs
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
Level 2 &#150; Inputs other than Level&nbsp;1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
The Company&#146;s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts payable
 loans payable
 obligations to issue common stock
The carrying amounts of cash and equivalents
 accounts payable
 loans payable
The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. &nbsp;These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. &nbsp;Amortization of deferred financing costs amounted to $30
122 and $13
722 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset might not be recoverable. &nbsp;An impairment loss
 measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value
The Company believes its current assumptions and estimates are reasonable and appropriate; however
 unanticipated events and changes in market conditions could affect such estimates
 resulting in the need for an impairment charge in future periods.&nbsp; For the years ended December 31
For revenue from product sales
 the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104
 &#147;Revenue Recognition&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 104&#148;)
 which superseded Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
 &#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 101&#148;). SAB No. 104 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management&#146;s judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers
 estimated returns and allowances
 and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company ceased the sales of its sole product in the fourth quarter of 2011
 and therefore recognized no provision for the years ended December 31
 2013 or December 31
Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
Research Expenses
 consisting of salaries and equipment and related expenses incurred for product research studies conducted primarily within the Company and by Company personnel. Research expenses were approximately $41
000 and $137
000 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
Clinical Studies Expenses
 consisting of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent external entities. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $977
000 and $540
000 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2013 and 2012 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. &nbsp;The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. &nbsp;At the date of grant
During 2013 and 2012
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. &nbsp;As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $472
975 and $48
489 during the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per share is based on the treasury stock method and includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock such as shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of warrants and conversions of debentures. &nbsp;Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2013
 consisted of 36
290
424 common shares from convertible debentures and 17
100
539 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2012
 consisted of 18
698
000 common shares from convertible debentures and 16
900
539 common shares from outstanding warrants. &nbsp;&nbsp;Diluted and basic weighted average shares are the same
Advertising/Public Relations costs are charged to operations when incurred. These expenses were $27
300 and $26
500 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. &nbsp;The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) limit of $250
In July 2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued ASU No. 2012-02
(&#147;ASU 2012-02&#148;). ASU 2012-02 gives entities an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If based on its qualitative assessment an entity concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount
 quantitative impairment testing is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 quantitative impairment testing is not required. ASU is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been adopted in the current period




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

026
128

566


        

335
976

004
291


        

674
135

728)


        

036
239

026
129




        
          

        
          
            

 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9F9A-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
M
3(W8V0X



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9F9A-3,X-%\W.#(X7S1D,S!?83-A.5\X
M96,X,3(W8V0X,S0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&9F
M834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$



M/'@Z3F%M93Y#3TY33TQ)1$%4141?0D%
04Y#15]32$5%5%]005(\+W@Z3F%M



\+W@Z





O


#I.86UE
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7


3$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


T0B5V]R:W-H
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@


M3F%M93Y&04E27U9!3%5%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^3T),24=!5$E/3E]43U])4U-515]#3TU-3TY?4U1//]X.DYA





&-E;%=O<FMS

\



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
&-E;%=O<FMS

C






249%


O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

#I.86UE/D9A:7)?5F%L
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K


M1E]04D5314Y4051)3TY?0T].4TE35%



















M($A2968]



M=%](15!?26YV97-T;65N/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&5?1&5B=%]C;VYS:7-T7V]F7W1H/]X.DYA

M;5](15!?26YV97-T;65N='-?/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&5?1&5B=%]$:7-C;W5N=%]A;F1?/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V]N=F5R=&EB
M;&5?;F]T95]
96YD97)?06=R965M/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^2$507TEN
M=F5S=&UE;G1?061V86YC97-?1&5T86EL/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V]N
M=F5R=&EB;&5?9&5B=%]D:7-C;W5N=%]O;E]D/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z



&-E;%=O

M0V]N=F5R=&EB;&5?1&5B=%]5;F%M;W)T:7IE9%]D/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@



M5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1$52259!5$E615],24%24Q)5%E?
M05-?1D]

M968]


24=!5$E/3E]43U])4U-5
M15]#3TU-3TY?4U1/

#I.86UE
M/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O




#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E

O4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

\+W@Z






T0B5V]R


T0B
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O

O4VAE970V
RYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS


M=F%N8V5S7V9R;VU?2$507TEN=F5S=&UE;G1S7S$\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\





T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T<SX-






^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$564D%%

M/3-$



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

3X\+W1H

3X\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG2$5!3%1(($5.2$%.0T5-14Y4(%!23T150U13


M/3-$=&5X=#XG



C`Q
SQS





]
'0^)S`P
#$Q
#$P



]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:RP@4VAA


M;7`^
3(R+#


]



]

]
T1T97AT/B=997



]

]
T1T97AT


]





M86QI9VX]


]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&9F834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P
M7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#

O4VAE970P
BYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

241!

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P




]




]






]
T1N=6UP/C



]


M



]






]




]



]








]


]


]


]
M





L


X+#8T


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&]A;B!087EA8FQE+!2


M
34L




]




]


]


]






@9&ES8V]U;G0@;V8@)#4Q-RPU-#(@86YD(0Q,3$L
M,C@P(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R(&%N9`R,#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@







3DL


S@L-C@V/'-P


M+#8X

]



]
T1N=6UP/C
L


]



]

M.2PQ.#D@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3





]
T1N=6UP/C(S-2PP


:6%B:6QI=&EE

]


]






M
C`P+#`P

38L.#4R+#`Y

M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$S+!R97-P96-T:79E;'D\+W1D/@T*(`@

]

#4L



]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#0R+#8P-BPP.3(I

M


]




]

G($1%1DE#

S0L


M4&%R=%\X9F9A-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X



M/3-$240P14Y+04




]

]







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C(S+#8Y



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

C`P+#`P



T1T;W`^0V]M

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$Q-BPX-3(L

3`U+#
Q-RPX



CA?-&0S
%]A
M
V$Y7SAE8S@Q






]




3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]




]
M







]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5L;&EN9SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S



]






T1T;W`^4F5S
M96%R8V@@86YD($1E=F5L;W!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M96YS97

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L
#@P+#4Y


]

]
T1N=6T^*#
L






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(@26YC;VUE(T@4V5T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(V
BPX



M06-C;W5N='


]


M
2PV-S0L
3


]


]




M

M/3-$;G5M/B@R+#@R
2PV




]


]
T1N=6T^*#$L

C


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-#$L
M-S

]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L
38W+#@Q





]
T1N=6T^
M)`H,XP


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E=%24=(5$5$($%615)!1T4@0D%324
@04Y$($1)3%54140@
M4TA!4D53($]55%-404Y$24Y'/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

3(L
C$T+#$S


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9F9A-3,X-%\W.#(X7S1D,S!?83-A
M.5\X96,X,3(W8V0X,S0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M.&9F834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#

M='
O4VAE970P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q




M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^5&]T86P\8G(^55-$


T1T;W`^0F%L
M86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

#`L
#



S`L

CDL
C8Q+#@P

M/B@R+#`S


]



M)`T.PT








]
T1N=6UP/C8Q
M





M




]



M='







]
T1N=6UP
M/C
S
BPP




]


L


]
T1R


#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96
N(#

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P-2PS







]
T1N=6UP/C






]








]






]

2PT-#(I/'-P86X^


]
M






M9!O;B!C;VYV97)S:6]N(&]F(#$Q)2!#;VYV97)T:6)L92!$96)T/]T9#X-







M;7`^
34P+#`P


]




]






]











]
T1N







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$S

38L.#4R+#`Y
SQS


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#4Y,RPX-C`I/'-P86X^/]S

M;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&9F834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T

O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]
M





]




]
T1N


S@L
C(V/'-P



2PR
C8L
M

M;7`^-SDW+#4W


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#$R
CQS


M


2PV



2PT-C0L-3$U


]

]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#0U
M


M9VX]






]
T1N=6T^*#$R-2PU
#$I/'-P



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





T1T;W`^*$EN8W)E87-E
M*2!I;B!M:7-C96QL86YE;W5S(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R
BPY







]
T1N=6UP





]



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$Y-2PS



]
M


]




]


RPU




M($EN=F5S=&EN9R!!8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@S
S$L








]





34L








\

]

BPP
M








]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C





M




]



]

]


\

]



M
CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q







]


M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\

M1$530U))4%1)3TX@3T8@0E5324Y%4U



]
6QE/3-$


M87)G:6XZ

Q


3$
L(&%N9!::79O
M($)I;VQO9VEC+!);F
N*2`H8V]L;&5C=&EV96QY('1H92`F(S$T-SM#;VUP
M86YY)B

@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z(#$I

M9F]O9!M86YU9F%C='5R97)S(AC=7)R96YT;'DL('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@
M9F]C=7
@:7





P7V$S83E?
M.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF
M9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q

'0O:'1M



3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3


@3T8@4%)%4T5.




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.W1E

M

@;V8@)#$P
M+#`Y-2PX-S@@86YD(0S+#(T.PT



M)B


M
2P@
C`Q















T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@





M=64@87

M;CHP:6X@

M


@;&%C:R!O9B!L:7%U:61I='D@


M92!#;VUP86YY('=I;&P@8F4@86)L92!T;R!R86ES92!T:&4@861D:71I;VYA

M:6X@

&EN



M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=#XF(S$X
SL@


#@@=&AR;W5G

M-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q
C=C








24-)15



]



]
T1T97AT

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI


M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@




M;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&EN8VQU9&4@=&AE(&%C8V]U;G1S(&]F($AE86QT:!%

L($AE86QT:!%;FAA;F-E;65N=!#;W)P;W)A=&EO
M;BP@2$5022!0:&%R;6%C975T:6-A;'
L($EN8RXL(%=E;&Q-971R:7
L($Q
M0RP@86YD(%II=F\@0FEO;&]G:6
L($EN8RX@06QL('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&EN

@86YD(&%C8V]U;G1S(&AA=F4@8F5E



M:6YC:7!L97







M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SX\8CX\=3Y#87-H(&%N9!#87-H($5Q=6EV86QE;G1S
M/]U/CPO8CX\8CX@+3PO8CX@1F]R('1H92!P=7)P;W-E(&]F('1H92!S=&%T


@:6YC;'5D







&EN


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG

M

@;V8@9G5R






L(&=E;F5R86QL


M;G1I86P@;W(@97AT96YD('1H92!E8V]N;VUI8R!L:69E(&]F(&%N(&5X:7-T

M

M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@






@82!F86ER('9A




T1B86-K9W)O=6YD.G=H:71E/DQE=F5L
M(#(@)B

2!T:&%T



T1B86-K9W)O=6YD.G=H:71E/DQE=F5L

R`F(S$U


M='
@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97



M92P@;&]A;G




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

&EN

M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@












M=&EO;G


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
B!N;R!S=6-H


&EN


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG
M/CQB/CQU/E)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N:71I;VX\+W4^/]B/CQB/B`\+V(^/]P



&EN


M+B`Q
#0L(8C,30W.U)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N:71I;VXF(S$T.#L@*8C
30W
M.U-!0B!.;RX@
3`T)B

30W.U)E=F5N=64@4F5C
M;V=N:71I;VX@:6X@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='
F(S$T.#L@*8C,30W
M.U-!0B!.;RX@,3`Q)B,Q-#@[*2X@4T%($YO+B`Q

@=&AA


RD@

30V.W
@:G5D9VUE







M


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M



M


&EN(#!I;B`P+C%I;CML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M

M

M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M9&5N=#HM

@




#`P(&%N9`D,3,W+#`P,!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'D[/]P



&EN
M(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z,XR-6EN)SX\
M9F]N=#XF(S$X



#`P(&%N9`D-30P+#`P,!F;W(@
M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

&EN(#!I;B`P


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQB/CQU






@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S





@:7
@


M;CHP:6X@


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


M;F0@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R
M,#$S(&%N9`R



N(%-I;F-E('1H92!#










&EN(#!P=#ML


M:6X@


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!&05-($%30R`W
3@L(#QI/D-O;7!E;G-A=&EO
M;B`F(S$U


@;V8@1D%30B!!4T
@-S$X+!S=&]C:RUB87-E9!C







T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@




C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q

@=V5R92!G




M;!B87-E9!O;B!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@87-S
M=6UP=&EO;G

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M






M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-C

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z






&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN

M9'1H/3-$








&EN(#!P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$










M;6%L)SXR

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$V


C(N
C5P

&EN.W!A



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



&EN.W!A



M;CIC96YT97([;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@







M:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXQ
30N-C8E('1O(#$R-2XQ





M:'0Z


M:6X@
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C`E/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


2XR-7!T

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R86YS




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q-C

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I
M9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



M






&EN.V)A


&EN(#!P
M=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M
M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
3$N
C5P

&EN.W!A



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z.#=P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M.C!I;B`P:6X@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-C

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z






&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R


&EN.W!A9&1I


&EN

C4E('1O(XS-4\+W`^

M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@





M92!T:&4@:6YP=70@;V8@:&EG:&QY('-U8FIE8W1I=F4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
L


30V.W

M='





30V.W




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

M87)G:6XZ



@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE('1R96%S=7)Y('-T;V-K(&UE=&AO

@:7-S=6%B;&4@






N(%!O=&5N=&EA;&QY(&1I;'5T
M:79E('-E8W5R:71I97
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L(&-O;G-I

#`P(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
@9G)O;2!C;VYV97)T


@87)E('1H92!S




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQB/CQU/D%D




&EN
M(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/D%D=F5R=&ES:6YG+U!U8FQI8R!2
M96QA=&EO;G
@8V]S='


M-BPU



M97%U:79A;&5N='

@=VAI8V@@97AC

30W.T9$24



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE

M;B!T:&5S92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:&%V


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.SPO

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT



M05-5($YO+B`R

C`Q
BTP
B8C
30X.RDN($%352`R
#$R+3`R(&=I


@=&AA;B!I='



30V
M.W



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@



X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A
M.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]


]


]

M:6XZ

M)B



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z












M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z



M9RUT;W`Z


&EN(#!I;B`P




M.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M

M

M:'0Z

&EN.W!A



7!T('-O









M;W`Z





M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z
M(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HX




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T


T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G
M:6XZ


M:'0Z

&EN.W!A






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M

&EN.W!A9&1I




&EN



M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN


M

&EN.W!A9&1I




&EN



M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN






T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R




M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HX
7!T





M.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M

M/3-$



&EN



7!T




&EN

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M
M87)G:6XZ


PP,#`\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O




M=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P

M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT)SXS
38L

M9RUT;W`Z


&EN(#!I;B`P



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R




M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HX
M

&EN(#!P

P
RPQ

M9'1H/3-$




M=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P


M;&4]


M='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ-7!T.W!A9&1I

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M:'0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y

M+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HX


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ


T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M:6=N.G)I9VAT)SXQ
RPR
#
\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M

M=&EZ871I;VX@=V%S(0Q.2PT-3,@86YD(0W
RPX-#
@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\X9F9A-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?
M83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQB
M/DY/5$4@-2`F(S$U
#L@1$5&24Y)5$4M3$E&12!)3E1!3D=)0DQ%($%34T54

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE

T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
M
C`Q


M9'1H/3-$



M;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T


M




T0X
M

M

&EN.W!A9&1I




T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HV

M9RUT;W`Z

7!T('-O;&ED.V)A8VMG



2P\+W`^(#QP(&%L:6=N

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97(G/C(P,3,\+W`^/]T9#X@



&EN.V)O

30N



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE


T0G8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[





&EN



M+6QE9G0Z





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

35P


M:6X@


T1B;W)D


M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HV

M





C@V


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

C$T+C5P


M:6X@
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/E!A=&5N='


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H



M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[

M9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HV

M=#X@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ
&EN(#!I;B`P

M



M:6XZ

97-S.B!A8V-U
M;75L871E9!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O




M9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
30N



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN









T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI





&EN


M='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HV

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L

T1R
M:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ


M=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X,2!S='EL93TS1=B


M:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HV



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@





M834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE
M8S@Q




3T%.(%!!64%3$4\8G(^/]S

M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^




T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@




M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@)#$U+#`P


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI



3(L('1H92!696YT=7)E($=R;W5P

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


C`Q
M



M

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q






]

T1)1#!%344^

]




M3TY615)424)


&EN(#!I;B`P


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/D]N($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#(L(#(P


M
#$Q.B`H:2D@82!



M('1H92!I;FET:6%L('!R:6YC:7!A;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#8P,PP

M96UE;G0L('5N9&5R('=H:6-H('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&=R86YT960@=&AE($QE







M87)I97
@:&%V92!G=6%R86YT965D('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B










M;W1E($1E8V5M8F5R(#$L(#(P
3




@=W)I='1E;B!N;W1I8V4L('!R;W9I9&5D('1H870@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@


M;B!I;B!E9F9E8W0@87

M:6YG('5N9&5R('1H92!






T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@





M8V5D(&)Y('1H92!
96YD97(@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H(&$@=')A;G-A

M=!O;B!&;W)M(#@M2R!D871E9!397!T96UB97(@
3(L(#(P


!I;B`D,C4P+#`P,!I;F-R96UE;G1S(AF
M:6YA;!I;F-R96UE;G0@;V8@)#$U


30V.W


@;V8@8V]M


M:6YT;R!A(%)E9VES=')A=&EO;B!2:6=H='


BPP
#`L






M:&]L97


2XT-24L(&%N;G5A


M(0U,#`L,#`P(&]N('=H:6-H('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@9&5B
M=!D:7-C;W5N=!I;B!T:&4@86UO=6YT(&]F(0U
#`L
#`P+B!4:&ES(')E






C4E+B!);B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE


@;V8@)#$V+#4W-2!D

C`Q

&EN(#!P

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

@




&EN(#!P=#ML




#`P(@D,34L,#`P(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R




M;G1O(&]N($1E8V5M8F5R(#(L(#(P
3$@=&\@:6YV97-T('5P('1O(0R+#`P
M,PP
#`@:6X@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97


@=V5R92!C;VYV97)T960@


BPP
#`L
M


@



#`L

@8V]M;6]N('-T

BPP
#`@



@870@)#0X
2PQ
3`@

@;65T:&]D(&]F('9A;'5A=&EO;B!U






&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE


C`Q



@;VX@1&5C96UB97(@
BP@
C`Q




PP,#`@86YD(&5X=&5N
M9!T:&4@9'5E(&1A=&4@;V8@96%C:!.;W1E+!B87-E9!O;B!A(0R-3`L
M



TU,P@)B

M;F0@17AT:6YG=6ES:&UE;G1S)B

T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@




M960@8GD@86QL('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B






&EN(#!I;B`P







M92!O9B!T:&4@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&EN('1H92!O=F5R('1H92!C;W5N=&5R

3


3`L(#(P
3
@



S`L(#(P
3


&EN(#!I;B`P


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/D]N($]C
M=&]B97(@
C4L(#(P
3
@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#$Y+`R,#$S('1H92!;V%R



BPW
M


#`@=&\@8F4@8V]N=F5R



C`Q



M(0T+#`U,PP
#`N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1E=&5R;6EN960@=&AA=!T:&4@
M;6]D:69I8V%T:6]N(&]F('1H92!(15`@26YV97-T;65N=',@3&]A;B!!9W)E
M96UE;G0@=V%S(&YO=!A('-U8G-T86YT:6%L(&UO9&EF:6-A=&EO;B!I;B!A

TU,P@)B



T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SY!;6]U;G1S(&%D=F%N8V5D('5N9&5R('1H92!.;W1E(&-O


30V.W

M:60@87


M-3`L

C`Q

M870@)#
P


2P@
C`Q


M(&]F(0R,3(L,#`P(')E;&%T:6YG('1O(0Q+#`P

@

C`Q
B!A;F0@=&AE(&9O

M


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M

S`L(#(P
M
3




@


Z(&5X


RXW


@;V8@

C`Q
RP@2$50($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(&%D=F%N8V5D('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY(&%N(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@)#4Y
BPT



P
PP,#`@=&AR97-H;VQD(AI;F-L

#$Q*2!A



S`L(#(P
3

M:')E92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3


M=&5R;7



@;V8@
3
S+C`W)2TQ

M97-T(')A=&5S(&]F(#`N
S
M

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
2P@
C`Q

M:&4@;V8@)#4P

@86X@861D

@86=R965D('1O(&5X=&5N



M=&AE(&UO9&EF:6-A=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@2$50($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(&QO86X@


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE

#$R


C8L(#(P
3(Z

#`@=&\@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GDL(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

#`P(&)Y($9E8G)U87)Y(#
L(#(P

#`L



M;VYS('1O('1H92!
96YD97(@=6YD97(@=&AE($YO=&4@86YD(')E;&%T960@

M;G1S(&%N9!R96QE87-E9!E86-H(&]T:&5R(&9R;VT@86YY(&QI86)I;&ET


M





3$


@;V8@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#

@86=R965D




RPS
S






2D@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#

L

M

3@R+#$U
M-R!R96QA=&EN9R!T;R!T:&4@)#
S
BPP
#`@861V86YC960@87
@;V8@=&AA



@9FEN86YC

38X+#`P








M9W
L($Q
0R!I;B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE($QO86X@=')A;G-A8W1I


C`P
M+#`P
!S:&%R97,@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&%N(&5X97)C:7-E('!R
M:6-E(&]F(0N



M(&9E97

R!Y96%R(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C

@;65T:&]D(&]F('9A;'5A






PP,!S:&%R97
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A

M;CHP:6X@


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE



M92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#0W+#4P

M(&)Y(&$@3F]T92!(;VQD97(@86YD('-I9VYI9FEC86YT('-H87)E:&]L9&5R

@;V8@=&AE(&5X=&5N




M(&EN('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#
W+#8P













T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
35P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T


M;CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M
M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
35P=#MB

&EN.W!A9&1I



T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z.#1P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-E


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q



M;W`Z









&EN(#!P=#ML

M/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
35P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M





M+6QE9G0Z



M
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/D1E8V5M8F5R(#


M96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXR

M;&5F=#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M

M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



M9RUT;W`Z






M+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
M

&EN



M




M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
35P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q



M9RUT;W`Z



M+#
P


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT




M;&5F=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I

M87)G:6XZ









&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN

M9'1H/3-$




&EN


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.SPO


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


3$









&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$








\+W`^

M:6XZ

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#






&EN.V)A8VMG

M:6X@

M/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$







&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
35P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

&EN


M:61T:#TS1#





T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M


M=#MM87)G:6XZ

C`L
M
CDS/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M
M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z.#1P=#MB
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP


M9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN
M;W)M86PG/C$U
RPV





&EN(#!P=#ML

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
35P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T


M;CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

T1R:6=H

&EN(#!P
M=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C$L



T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R


B!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[=VED=&@Z.#1P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#MP


M=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB

T1R:6=H

&EN(#!P
M=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C$L-C$Y+#

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
35P=#MB;W)D


M=&]P.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q





M;CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







&EN




M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@




&EN.W!A9&1I






M+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
M

&EN



M
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E
M8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z.#1P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#(N,C5P=!D


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R86YS


3$R('-T


BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L


M;&5F=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I

T1R

&EN
M(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C4Y
RPY

&EN(#!P

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9F9A-3,X-%\W.#(X7S1D,S!?83-A
M.5\X96,X,3(W8V0X,S0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M.&9F834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#

M='




CX\



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


M0DE



&-M

24%24Q)5%D\+V9O;G0^/]B

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!C;2`P8VT@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I

&-M

M:6=N960@1&5C96UB97(@
2P@
C`Q

@=&AE(&9U





M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(')E8V]G;FEZ960@;W1H97(@:6YC;VUE(&]F(0R
M-PT


Q




^3VX@

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T


M/3-$14XM55
^3VX@36%Y(#@L(#(P

@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@

@=VAI8V@@96YT



M




E(&]V97(@=&AE(')E;6%I;FEN9R`Q+C4W
M('EE87(@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@;&EF92!O9B!T:&4@;F]T92P@86X@86YN=6%L

M/&9O;G0@;&%N9STS1$5.+553/D]N($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+!T:&4@







&-M(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!C;2`P8VT@
'!T.VQI;F4M





M=&AE($)L86-K+5-C:&]L97



2!Y96%R(&-O;G1R86-T=6%L

&-M(#!C;2`W+C)P=#ML:6YE+6AE

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!C
M;2`P8VT@





@;65T:&]D(&]F('9A



&-M(#!C


&-M(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQF






2XW

M86EN:6YG(#(N

@;V8@
4L(&%N9!A(')I


^3VX@07!R:6P@
CDL(#(P
M
3



@=VAI8V@@96YT:71L960@2$50($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S





N-S`E
M(&]V97(@=&AE(')E;6%I;FEN9R`R+C`P('EE87(@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@;&EF
M92!O9B!T:&4@;F]T92P@86X@86YN=6%L(')A=&4@;V8@9&EV:61E;F1S(&]F




M9B`Q-3
N-#8E(&]V97(@=&AE(')E;6%I;FEN9R`R+C`P('EE87(@8V]N=')A
M8W1U86P@;&EF92!O9B!T:&4@;F]T92P@86X@86YN=6%L(')A=&4@;V8@9&EV

M1$5.+553/D]N($IU;'D@
34L(#(P
3

@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@

@=VAI8V@@96YT



M




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!C;2`P
M8VT@







30W+C`S)2!O=F5R('1H92!R96UA

BXP








@
M;V8@


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!C;2`P8VT@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT

&-M(#!C

C`Q
RP@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!(
M15`@26YV97-T;65N='






&-M(#!C;2`P


&-M(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQF;VYT






M87)G:6XZ


&-M(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H




#$@=71I;&EZ:6YG('1H



3
S+C`W

BXP



M/D]N($1E8V5M8F5R(#


M(')A=&4@;V8@+C




2P@
C`Q
RX\+V9O;G0^


M.&9F834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y
M7SAE8S@Q





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]



M96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SX\8CY.3U1%(#D@)B
Q-3`[($9!25(@5D%
544\+V(^



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S

@
M87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M=VED=&@Z






M=&@Z



M:'0Z

&EN.W!A



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R

T1B;W)D97(M




T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]


M969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED


M8FQA8VL@


&EN(#!I;B`P

979E

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R-2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M





T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]


M969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED


M8FQA8VL@


&EN(#!I;B`P


T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN





T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@




M



M8VL@


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT

&EN




M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M

BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93MB86-K9W)O

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@







M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
C




M969T.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H

@/]P/CPO
M=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=&]P.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#(N

M/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W-!S='EL93TS


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.R0@/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]


M969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED


M8FQA8VL@

M96YT)SX@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ
&EN(#!I

M



@;V8@05-5(#(P
M
3$M
#0L(#QI/B8C

#$R

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I

&EN


@=&AE(&-H86YG97


30V.W
@3&5V96P@
R!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N
M='
@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
M

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!B;W)D
M97(],T0P/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#












M.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z





M(')O=W-P86X]



M9G0Z



M8FQA8VL@


&EN(#!I;B`P


2P@
C`Q






M93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;CHP:6X@
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC
M96YT97(G/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R





M.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC96-E.60X.W=I9'1H.C(X

M9RUT;W`Z


&EN(#!I;B`P

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M

&EN

2PP
M
C8L
3(X/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M

&EN.W!A9&1I




&EN





M=VED=&@Z


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HR
M.#






&EN

C5P=#MP861D:6YG+71O


&EN(#!P=#ML

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z
M(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M:'0Z

&EN.W!A




M:6XZ



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M+6QE9G0Z









M.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN




M;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T




M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ




W


M:'0Z

&EN.W!A



BXR


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;W1T;VTZ8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M

M-BPQ


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P



30V.W
@3&5V96P@
R!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N
M='



M:&4@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@=&5R;7

M(&EN('1H:7
@;&EK96QI:&]O9!W;W5L9!R97-U;'0@:6X@82!H:6=H97(@

M.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q
C=C9#@S







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3T),24=!
M5$E/3B!43R!)4U-512!#3TU-3TX@4U1/0TL\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@

M
#L@3T)

#$R

M960@870@)#

@86YD($=R96%T

L($Q
0R`H)B




M-C`P+#`P

M=&5R;7
@;V8@82!#;VYV97)T:6)L92!.;W1E(AS964@3F]T92`W(8C
34P

M:6X@


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


C`Q
M
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#DY+#(Q-R!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N

#`N(%1H:7


3DL
C`R(&)E:6YG(')E8V]R9&5D(AS964@3F]T
M92`W(8C


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I


BPS
3`@=&\@2$50($EN=F5S


Q



&EN(#!I;B`P+C%I;CML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

@;V8@
M8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('9A;'5E9!A=`D




;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\X9F9A-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X
M



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^




]


14U%3E0@04=2145-14Y4/]T9#X-B`@


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQB/DY/
M5$4@
3$@)B
Q-3`[(%-%5%1













M92!:=7

3(L(&$@







M:65V960@=&AA=!#97!T87IY;64@*&DI(&9A:6QE9!T;R!M87)K970@=&AE



C`Q







&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/D]N($IU;F4@
M
3(L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A(%-E='1L96UE
M;G0@06=R965M96YT(&%N9!-=71U86P@4F5L96%S92!O9B!A;&P@0VQA:6US
M(AT:&4@)B

3$



M;W1H97(@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H(&$@;&EC96YS92!A9W)E96UE;G0@

M96UB97(@
BP@
C`Q
`H=&AE(8C

Q


#`@


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9F9A-3,X-%\W.#(X7S1D,S!?83-A.5\X
M96,X,3(W8V0X,S0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&9F
M834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#

O






M;VYG/E-43T-+2$]


3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q


]

]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-43T-+2$]


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI

M:6XZ


M86YU87)Y(&]F(#(P

@

C`P+#`P









M
S$L(#(P



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT

&EN(#!I


M


M-3`L





C`Q
BP@




30N-C8E.R!A

@





3

@;VYE

&EN(#!P

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


@









2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@=&AE(')E;6%I;FEN9R`R-2PP


M($)L86-K(%-C:&]L97



M)#$P+#`P


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@








M-RPU



M







M:&]L97










M;FEN9R`S-RPU



M:71Y(#$T


BPU
#`@=F5S=&5D(&]N

W+#4P




M($)L86-K(%-C:&]L97

S
E

M)#$P+#`P


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI

M:6XZ


2P@
C`Q



M:'
@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
L(&%N(&EN=F5S=&]R(')E8V5I=F5D
M(#(Q+#$Q
2!S:&%R97
@87



@96YD960@2G5N92`S

@;V8@
2PY
#`L
#`P(&-O;6UO

M9'
@;V8@)#@U+#`P

M


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M

M9&EN9R!O;B!A(0R+#`P,PP
#`L(#$Q)2!C;VYV97)T:6)L92!D96)E;G1U

2PV-C8L-C8W

2PQ
3`@=7-I


M($YO=&4@-R`F(S$U



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE






M-XQ-4@82!F:79E('EE87(@=&5R;2P@86X@86YN=6%L(')A=&4@;V8@9&EV



M;'5A=&EO;B!M971H;V0@;V8@=F%L=6%T:6]N('5S:6YG('1H92!F;VQL;W=I


S@N-C@@
M=&\@

M
R4@=&\@+C

&EN(#!P

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


C4P+#`P

M



M=&5D('9O;&%T:6QI='D@;V8@

#`P


@=F%L=6%T:6]N



T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@






R!S:&%R
M97

@96YD960@4V5P=&5M8F5R
M(#

2PP
#`L
#`P('-H87)E


M




M;CHP:6X@




Q-3`[


@;65T:&]D(&]F('9A;'5A=&EO;B!U

M:79I9&5N9'
@


S`L(#(P
3
L

#0@9F]R('1H92!P=7)C


M=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@-38L



M;VYT:'
@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES

#`@8V]M;6]N


M:6YG('1H92!T:')E92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
L



24@8V]N=F5R=&EB

@96YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

#`@


M-S4L-3`W('5S:6YG('1H92!;&%C:R!38VAO;&5S(&UE=&AO9!O9B!V86QU



M97


@




C4V+#4P





&EN(#!P




C`Q

M8F5N='5R97






@
M:&5L9!A('1O=&%L(&]F(0R+#`P





M='

3`P+#`P


M*2`D




C`Q



M='




M;CHP:6X@
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY

PP
M,#`N(9N8G-P.R0X



@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T






#`L

Y

M97(]
T0P/B`\='(@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]

M;&4]
T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[
M=VED=&@Z






T0X
2!S='EL93TS

M:#HV














T0R





M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R




M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R




M=&]P.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R



&EN.W!A9&1I




M+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



M.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQB/D1E
M8V5M8F5R(#

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
34N-S5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M




M8FQA8VL@








2P@
C`Q








&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R
M+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-C`N-S5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-E


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M;B`P:6X@






M.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@





&EN.V)A

M;CHP:6X@


T1B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z

M



'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT





M:6X@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I
M9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.SPO


M
T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED
M=&@Z

M;VTZ



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-C`N-S5P=#MB
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP


M9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


T0G=&5X




M;&5F=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I

T1C





M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[=VED=&@Z-S@N-S5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI


M;&5F=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I

T1C





T1R

&EN
M(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C$V+#
V-2PR

M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ

M)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXP+C$W/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R



&EN.W!A



T1B;W)D97(M=&]P
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-C`N-S5P=#MB

&EN.W!A9&1I







&EN.V)A



M86QI9VX]

M;CHP:6X@
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C`N



T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C0L
M.#(P+#
S

M

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E
M8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ

M;6%L)SXP+C$X/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R




M=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB

M:6XZ



M;F]R;6%L)SXQ+#0R-2PQ





T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M






M:'0Z




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T






















&EN.V)A8VMG

M:6X@

M/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$










&EN.W!A9&1I



M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R
M+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
34N-S5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-E


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
2!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[=VED=&@Z-C`N-S5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI


M;&5F=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I

T1R

&EN
M(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B@Q+#4P
PP,#`I/]P/CPO=&0^





&EN.W!A9&1I








'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I

M





T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R
M+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



M


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P


M
T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED
M=&@Z

M;VTZ



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X



M:'0[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@




&EN.W!A



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R



&EN






&EN(#!I

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M=VED=&@Z-C`N-S5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#(N

&EN(#!I

#`L-3
Y/]P/CPO=&0^
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R





M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R





&EN

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R86YS


M;&4]




M

38L

M/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D
M97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
34N

&EN





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






2P@
C`Q
R!W97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z










2XR



M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R


T1B;W)D97(M
M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
3$N
C5P

&EN.W!A





&EN.W!A9&1I




T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E
M8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
3(N-S5P=#MB;W)D


M=&]P.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z












M:'0Z


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N

C@T
M(&-O;'-P86X]


3-P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L

M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
C$@

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[=VED=&@Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

&EN


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]








&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E
M8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-38N

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1&)O

M



M9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M;W1T;VTZ

&EN.V)O


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]







&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
3(N-S5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W




M:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K

M

T1L969T/B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M
M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
34N-S5P

&EN.W!A



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]






&EN.V)A8VMG

M:6X@


T1B;W)D
M97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-38N
M

&EN



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




M











&EN.V)A8VMG

M:6X@


T1B;W)D
M97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-38N
M

&EN



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R



M





T1C96YT


T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X-!S='EL93TS

M:#HV



M9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@









&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG

M/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



M=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB

M:6XZ



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T





M


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P


M;&4]
T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[
M=VED=&@Z

M;W1T;VTZ

&EN.V)O


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]








&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I

M


M/'`@86QI9VX]




M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M;B`P:6X@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

&EN



&EN(#!P=#ML
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/D5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


BXW-7!T

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R86YS







&EN.V)A8VMG

M:6X@


T0G8F]R


'!T.VQI;F4M

M='(@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
C$@

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[=VED=&@Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

&EN





M:'0Z


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N


M;&4]
T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[
M=VED=&@Z
3$N

M;W1T;VTZ

&EN.V)O


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]



M9RUT;W`Z









M


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P


M
T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED

M;VTZ



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]







&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I



M;&5F=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I

M87)G:6XZ








&EN(#!P


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-38N
C5P=#MB;W)D97(M


M.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M
T0R




M=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB

M:6XZ




&EN



M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(Q('-T






M





M;&5F=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M:6X@











M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ

M;6%L)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V




&EN.V)A8VMG

M;&4]






&EN.V)A





















&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[
M8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-C-P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

















&EN

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.3

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-CDN-S5P=#MB

&EN.W!A9&1I






&EN.W!A9&1I















&EN


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.SPO

M
T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED



M+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

XQ,C4\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D
M97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
34N

&EN



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M.C!I;B`P:6X@

M/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D
M97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
3$N
M

&EN



M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M



2PS
#`L
#`P
M/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-2!S='EL

M:61T:#HQ



M9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD

&EN(#!I

M:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@


M:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ

M+C$U/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R!S

M.#MW:61T:#HQ



M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O

&EN

M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ

M)SXQ+#
P
PP,#`\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T




&EN


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.SPO

M
T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED



M+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R





M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R



M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


2XR



M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R



M:6XZ

#`T/]P
M/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-2!S='EL93TS

M:#HQ



M+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

&EN(#!I;B`P

M=#MM87)G:6XZ

M/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R-B!S='EL






&EN


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-#DN-7!T.V)O

M9RUT;W`Z




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@




T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ









&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-C-P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-E


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z









&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-38N
C5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@





M=&]P.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








&EN


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-38N
C5P=#MB

&EN.W!A9&1I



T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ









&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-C-P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-E


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z









&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R
M9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-38N
C5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.VUA

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C0N-3(\+W`^


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

M87)G:6XZ

P/]P
M/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R!S='EL93TS

M:#HQ



M+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

&EN(#!I;B`P

M=#MM87)G:6XZ

M
#`P/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
2!S




M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O

&EN


T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG
M/C`N


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT





M;&5F=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M:6X@


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M


M.C!I;B`P:6X@


M/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D
M97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
3DN



M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R



M86QI9VX]

M;CHP:6X@
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C`N
S

M/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.VUA

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C(U







&EN


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-#DN-7!T.V)O

M9RUT;W`Z




M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R



M






M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXP+C
V/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




M





&EN(#!I;B`P

PP,#`\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('9A







&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H

M('=I9'1H/3-$.3

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R
M+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-CDN-S5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-E


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





&EN.W!A9&1I



T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]




M:'0Z



















&EN(#!P=#ML


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y


M




T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R



&EN.W!A





M96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXP+C
X/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]




&EN.W!A





M92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXU
PP,#`\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS







&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M

M/3-$.3

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-CDN-S5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-E8V4Y9#@[


M9G0Z






M.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]




&EN







M










&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE


T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R


&EN.W!A



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R




M;&5F=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I

M87)G:6XZ



M;F]R;6%L)SXP+C0P/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M:'0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ



M;&5F=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I

M87)G:6XZ



'!T



M8VL@






M+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
M



M9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



M/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.VUA

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/C`N-#`\+W`^


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XZ

M;6%L)SXS-RPU



M:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K


&EN(#!P=#ML

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@



W!T.V)O

M9RUT;W`Z





T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@









&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M

M/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



M=#HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB

M:6XZ



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T





M


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P


M;&4]
T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[
M=VED=&@Z

M;W1T;VTZ

&EN.V)O


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]







&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE









&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN

M9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I
M9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
3$N
C5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B-E8V4Y


M+6QE9G0Z


M/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W-2!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[
M=VED=&@Z-38N,C5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#(N,C5P=!D;W5B


M+6QE9G0Z







M;W1T;VTZ8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[


M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.G1R

T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M

T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

M9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-38N
C5P=#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K
M(#(N

M87)G:6XZ

L
M
#
Y/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
2!S




M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB86-K9W)O




M86-K(#(N


M=#MM87)G:6XZ




M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M3B!/1B!354)3241)05))15


]

]

M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


:6%B:6QI='D@








M;CHP:6X@
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQB/EII=F\@0FEO
M;&]G:6

2P@
C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GD@9F]R;65D(%II=F\@0FEO;&]G:6






M834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE
M8S@Q





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4D5,051%1!0
M05)462!44D%.4T%#5$E/3E

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@




C`Q
BP@



2!P87(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE($-O


M

P
PP
M,#`N(9N8G-P.T%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#




M9!T;R!T:&4@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@9F]R(#$R,PP



2\Q


M87)G:6XZ


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H


M;F4M=&5N=&@@*#$O
3`I(&]F(&]N92!S:&%R92!O9B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@
M*&]R(#@L









C(@9F]R

3`P+#`P






C(@9F]R(&%N(&%G9W)E9V%T92!P=7)C:&%S92!P


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@




C`Q

2P@
C`Q
RP@
M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=VEL;!P87D@37(N(%)I8V4@)#@T+#`P,!I;B!C87-H
2!B965N(&%C8W)U960@86YD('=H:6-H(&ES(&EN8VQU
M9&5D(&EN(&%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97,@;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T
M-CMS(&)A;&%N8V4@<VAE970@87,@;V8@36%R8V@@,S$L(#(P,3,[(9N8G-P




M)#$W+#`P


M='


M-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#

O4VAE970R
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]


]



M


]



T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@





#
S+B!#97)T86EN('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&-H86YG
M97


&EN(#!P

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



@82!V86QU871I;VX@86QL



30V.W

#$S+CPO

M9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q





]

T1)1#!%


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15
@




&EN(#!P=#ML

T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@





M;!W:6QL(&)E(&-O;7!E;G-A=&5D(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z(9N8G-P.VAE('=I



30V.W





@=7!O;B!I


30V.W

M:&%R97

@8V]N=')A8W0@


M


@9F]R(#$L
#`P
M+#`P



@




@=7!O;B!T:&4@0V]M


2P@
C`Q
RP@


M

M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M
3

C`Q


3@L-#8V('-E8W5R






&EN(#!P



Q-#8[(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO



M9F9A-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



'!T)SX\8CY.

'!T

M87)G:6XZ


30V.W
@0VAI968@1FEN86YC:6%L($]F9FEC97(L
M(&%S(&$@9&ER96-T;W(@9F]R(&$@

M97





M


M.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SY3=6)S97%U96YT('1O($1E8V5M8F5R(#


@;V8@)#$P

M;W)M86P[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@





M;CHP:6X@

M:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SX\8CY#;VYV97)T:6)L





M86YG/3-$14XM55

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
34E/D]N($9E8G)U

@;F]T:69I960@=&AA=!A
M('-I9VYI9FEC86YT('-T;V-K:&]L9&5R(&%N9!T:&4@:&]L9&5R(&]F(#$E

@;V8@:&ES(&EN=&5N=&EO;B!T;R!C

@86YD(&-O;G9E

@;V8@=&AE($-O

T0G;&EN92UH



M


@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T









@;F]T




&EN(#!I;B`Q

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9F9A-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
M
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X




T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

I

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]


3$U)3X\=3Y0

M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='
@;V8@
M2&5A;'1H($5N:&%N8V5M96YT(%!R;V1U8W1S+!);F,N(&%N9!I='
@=VAO



]



M:71I97

M97AP96YS97


@8F5S=!J=61G;65N=!I


]





M='


M='

@




M17%U:7!M96YT/]U/CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

@9&5T97)M:6YE





&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQB/CQU

T1B86-K9W)O=6YD.G=H:71E


@=&AE(&5X8VAA;F=E








M87)G:6XZ


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H

979E
M;`Q(8C



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M



M=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@87-S971S(&]R(&QI86)I;&ET:65S+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

&EN(#!I;B`P

30V.W
@9FEN




M:6=A=&EO;G



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@




M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



@9&5R:79A=&EV




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1T

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

&EN

M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@







@=&AE(&%M




M;GD@8F5L:65V97

@86YD(&5S=&EM




2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


]

M


T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



L('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ97

M=&@@4W1A9F8@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!=6QL971I;B!.;RX@,3`T+`F(S$T-SM2
M979E;G5E(%)E8V]G;FET:6]N)B
Q-#@[(@F(S$T-SM304(@3F\N(#$P-8C
M

M;F%N8VEA;!3=&%T96UE;G1S)B,Q-#@[(@F(S$T-SM304(@3F\N(#$P
28C
M
30X.RDN(%-!0B!.;RX@


M($1E=&5R;6EN871I;VX@;V8@8W)I=&5R:6$@*#
I(&%N9`H-D@87)E(&)A





@86YD(&%L
M;&]W86YC97

@;V8@:71S

#$S(&]R($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q


]




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

3$U



Q+`R
M,#$S(&%N9`R



]




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M

M




&EN(#!P
M=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP+C(U:6X[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SX\9F]N
M=#XF(S$X


2PP
#`@


M(&]F(&-L:6YI8V%L('-T=61I97



M871E;'D@)#DW-RPP





@86YD('1H96ER(')E

M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97





@=&AE(&5N86-T


@870@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P












T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I

&EN




@97AP




M;CHP:6X@

#$S


L('1H92!#;VUP86YY

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



@97-T



T1C96YT97(^(#QT86)L92!C96QL


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M9#@[=VED=&@Z




M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED
M.#MW:61T:#HQ



R!S='EL93TS




M.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC96-E.60X.W=I9'1H.C$R
BXR-7!T.W!A9&1I

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M


M;VTZ

3DS+C5P=#MP861D



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


T1C96YT

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

C`Q

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[

M9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q








&EN(#!P=#ML


M:'0Z

&EN.W!A




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

M/'`@86QI9VX]

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

3$T+C8V
M)2!T;R`Q
C4N

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




&EN(#!P=#ML
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97(G/C`E/]P/CPO




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M

M

&EN.W!A9&1I

BXR



3(V('-T


M;W1T;VTZ






M










M;VTZ


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


&EN(#!I

M+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M




M:'0Z

&EN.W!A






C4E('1O(XS,R4\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R

M86-K+5-C:&]L97






M9&5D(&]P=&EO;G



]
T1T

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M

M

M
30V.W

@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R
M(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97




M92!E9F9E8W0@9G)O;2!P;W1E;G1I86P@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T
M;V-K('-U8V@@87


@;V8@9&5B96YT


2P@
C`Q

V+#(Y



M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+!C;VYS:7-T960@;V8@
3@L-CDX+#`P
M





T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


]
T1P




2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
M
C`Q

T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G
@;V8@


&EN(#!P
M=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/CQB/CQU/D-O;F-E;G1R871I;VYS(&]F




#`@870@=&EM97
@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R+B`F




]

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@





]

&EN(#!P

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M87)D(@F(S$T-SM&05-)B

#$R+3`R

M
C`Q
BTP
B8C
30X.RDN($%352`R
#$R+3`R(&=I=F5S(&5N=&ET:65S(&%N

M870@:70@:7


M='

@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%F=&5R

C`Q

M92P@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!S=&%N9&%R9'
@8F5E;B!A9&]P=&5D(&EN('1H92!C



CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q
C=C



]
T1R



M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^





]


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H











M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ.3
N



M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M9#@[=VED=&@Z






M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HY




M96YT)SX@/'`@86QI9VX]

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@

M
C`Q

M:61T:#TS1#$V



M

M9'1H.C$R



M('=I9'1H/3-$









M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN


&EN

M)SXQ
30N-C8E('1O(#$R-2XQ
24\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-C


M:'0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y

M+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ
C(N



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$







M9'1H/3-$




M=&@Z











\+W`^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M-C



M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ
C(N
M


M;CHP:6X@

M871E/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
C8@









M969T.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
3$N



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H

M('=I9'1H/3-$







&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5



]




]

T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M87)G:6XZ

M+W`^(#QD:78@86QI9VX]



M/3-$




M


T0Q
M



M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HX
7!T



&EN



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



&EN.V)O



M9RUT;W`Z


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@



M96YT97(G/D1E8V5M8F5R(#

3




M9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N

3`X('-T

&EN



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

7!T('-O;&ED.V)A







T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT

T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0R,!S='EL93TS1&)O


M;W`Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M





M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$







T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M

PP
M,#`\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P('-T


M;W1T;VTZ

35P=#MP861D


T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M:6=N.G)I9VAT)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q



M;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T
M:#HX


M;W`Z





\

M:6X@

C`@



M+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ-7!T.W!A


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G8F]R9&5R


&EN.V)O


T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN

M9'1H/3-$



M;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M


M;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HX


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R


T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@

M=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R,!S='EL93TS1&)O


M;W`Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI

M=#X@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ
&EN(#!I;B`P

Q-BPS

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG




M;W1T;VTZ

35P=#MP861D


&EN

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN.V)O




T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M:'0Z

&EN.W!A




M





&EN(#!P

L-S4P
M/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R



M/3-$



&EN



BXR

M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\X9F9A
M-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

3U=3



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^1$5&24Y)5$4M3$E&12!)3E1!3D=)0DQ%($%34T544R!!4R!&
M3TQ,3U=3/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/$M+65G


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




&EN.V)O







M969T.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
30N





M

&EN.W!A9&1I




&EN




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE


T0G8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y9#@[





M:6XZ

M8V5N=&5R)SXR
#$S/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]



&EN




M87)G:6XZ







M9RUT;W`Z

7!T('-O;&ED.V)A8VMG



2P\+W`^(#QP(&%L:6=N

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97(G/C(P,3(\+W`^/]T9#X\


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M



M.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@








&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE






M;F]R;6%L)SY0871E;G1S/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN




M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z
M(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HV







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT)SXQ-PU,#$\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I

M/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R,!S='EL93TS





M;W`Z








M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




M9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]



M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z
M(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HR


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M


T0G8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y




M=&]M.F)L86-K(#(N



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[=&5X










M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9F9A-3,X-%\W.#(X7S1D,S!?
M83-A.5\X96,X,3(W8V0X,S0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO.&9F834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#

M:&5E='

T0G=&5X




M

@;V8@=&AE(&9O

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]


@;V8@

T0P/B`\='(^(#QT


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M


M/3-$



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B




M
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R


M

M

&EN.W!A9&1I




&EN

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]


M='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HR-C@N-7!T.W!A


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R

M:61T:#TS1#$Q

M86QI9VX]

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI

M


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@


C`Q

C`@



M+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ-7!T.W!A


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G8F]R9&5R


&EN.V)O



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CIC96YT97(G/D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`\+W`^(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M
M86P[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97(G/C(P,3(\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI



M+6QE9G0Z









&EN


M8V]U;G0@;V8@)#4L-30V(9N8G-P.V%N9`D-#4L


@9&%T97

M

M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ


&EN



C`@



M+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ-7!T.W!A



M:61T:#TS1#$Q



M













M969T.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN

M9'1H/3-$







&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.SPO


M




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[



M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M


M:6YG(&9R;VT@1&5C96UB97(@
C`Q

#$U/]P/CPO
M=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R,!S='EL93TS





M;W`Z




&EN(#!P=#ML


M1#



M:6XZ


T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI

M
CDL-S`W(9N8G-P.V%N9`D

Y



&EN




M:6XZ








&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


&EN(#!I



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R

B!S='EL93TS


T1R:6=H=!S='EL
M93TS1=M87)G:6XZ



M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q








T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I

S4X('-T


M;W1T;VTZ

C8X+C5P=#MP


M

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M




T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



M969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q



M93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN.V)O




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[





&EN

M+#@Q

C`@



M+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ-7!T.W!A



M:61T:#TS1#$Q


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

L.3`X



M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O




M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET





&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN



M:6YG/3-$

M=VED=&@]



M




M=&@]



&EN







M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HU-2XU




M/'`@86QI9VX]

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

M













T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



C
T('-T


M;W1T;VTZ




M

M26YS=')U;65N='
@/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M(#(N

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R-2!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M




M
&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.R0@/]P/CPO=&0^
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W-!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D



M

BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93MB86-K9W)O

T1R:6=H=!S='EL
M93TS1=M87)G:6XZ


#




M

3@N-S5P=#MP861D:6YG


&EN(#!P



M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[








M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G8F]R


&EN

3@N-S5P=#MP861D:6YG+71O


M


T0G


M

M=&]P.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#(N





M969T.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN

M9'1H/3-$





M=&@Z











M86-K(#(N





]

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
M
C`Q

&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE







M93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN




M:'0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y

M+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ





M.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN


M8F]T=&]M.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC96-E.60X.W=I9'1H.C(X




&EN


M969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED
M.#MW:61T:#HW





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3@N-S5P


M:6X@

M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M





M=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P


M;&4]



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@


C4@




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@


T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ
&EN(#!I

M

M



M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ
G!T


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



M92UH96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]



M9G0Z




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT

C@L-38V/]P/CPO=&0^/]T


M86X]




M



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.TEN




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y-2!S='EL93TS1&)O


M;W`Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M;W`Z





T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y-B!S='EL93TS




M.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC96-E.60X.W=I9'1H.C%I;CMP861D:6YG+71O


&EN(#!P=#ML




&EN.V)O




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE




M9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C
M93ED.#MW:61T:#HW



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T





M=&@Z






M.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC96-E.60X.W=I9'1H.C(X

M9RUT;W`Z


&EN(#!I;B`P




&EN





7!T('-O;&ED





M9G0Z



M8FQA8VL@




M/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S



M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HR.#
N


M($)A;&%N8V4@/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M


M

&EN.W!A9&1I



BXR-7!T

M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ


#

M+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B


M:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M8F]T=&]M.F)L86-K(#(N





M+6QE9G0Z




M9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q







@5T%24D%.5%



]
T1R



@


@;V8@=&AE

M
#X@/'1R/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]


M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[




M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C
M93ED.#MW:61T:#HW







M969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED
M.#MW:61T:#HV

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R



M9G0Z









M;VTZ


M9RUT;W`Z


&EN(#!I;B`P









&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CIC96YT97(G/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R


&EN.V)O


M=&]M.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC96-E.60X.W=I9'1H.C$T
7!T.W!A9&1I

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R



M.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN.V)O




M+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




M





M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&4]


M='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ-#%P=#MP861D


&EN

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M:'0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y



T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

34N-S5P


M:6X@


T0G8F]R


&EN







M969T.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H









&EN(#!P






M;&4]


M='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ-2XW-7!T.W!A


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X



M93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN


T1R:6=H
M=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ


M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[

C`L-#$S+#0S

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[








M9RUT;W`Z





T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@





&EN



T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@

M9VAT)SXT+#@R
PS,S`\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W




M=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P

M;&4]


M='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HW

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M('=I9'1H/3-$



M.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
2!S

&EN









&EN







T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI








T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO

BPW.#4L

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M




T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]









T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI

S
RD\




M.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN.V)O





T1R
M:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ



M

C$@



M+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ-2XW-7!T


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G8F]R


&EN



M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$




M969T.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z










M



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.SPO

M


M;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HV


T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M
M87)G:6XZ


M('=I9'1H/3-$



M.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
2!S='EL93TS1&)O


M;W`Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M;W`Z




&EN(#!P


M/3-$




M



M:6XZ


M9'1H/3-$



M;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T


M/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
2!S='EL




M:6X@




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

N-7!T



M


M;&4]


M;W1T;VTZ




T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ
M





T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M



]


2P@
C`Q
M
R!W97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W




M

3$N
C5P=#MP861D:6YG



T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1&)O


M;W`Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M;W`Z



T1B;W)D



M






M93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN




M:'0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y




M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HR
M



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE

M9'1H/3-$



M;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T



M87)G:6XZ



M;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT



M




M87)G:6XZ



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97(G/D%V97)A9V4\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG




M.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]



&EN




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.SPO


M


M;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ
BXW-7!T.W!A9&1I

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN.V)O












&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H

M('=I9'1H/3-$



M.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW
M:61T:#HQ



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W-2!S

&EN






&EN

M86QI9VX]

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M

M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@




&EN.V)O




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE




M9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C








M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

34N


M;CHP:6X@


T1B


M:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HV


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z








T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3DN


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-B!S='EL93TS1&)O


M;W`Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC96-E.60X.W=I9'1H.C0Y+C5P=#MP861D:6YG+71O


&EN(#!P=#ML

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z
M(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]



&EN




M87)G:6XZ


M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



T1C96YT

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO



34@



M+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ
2XR-7!T


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y



M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B



M;W`Z





M97(G/D5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]



M9G0Z










&EN.V)O




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE


T0G8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT.B-E8V4Y






T1B;W)D


M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HV


T1T
M;W`@=VED=&@]



M9G0Z








M;W1T;VTZ

C5P=#MP


M

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$


M:'0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y

M+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ


T1T;W`@
M=VED=&@]
T0Y



M






T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@


T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[




M969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED
M.#MW:61T:#HV







3$N



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE




M969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

&EN(#!P

2XX
CPO


M



M9RUT;W`Z




&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN

RPT
C8L.3
X/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R



M93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN





T1R:6=H
M=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ


3(U/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










&EN.V)O

3$N



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.3



M9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C













M.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-38N



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

BPP

M

M




M;W1T;VTZ



T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M:6=N.G)I9VAT)SXP+C$U/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]



M







T1R:6=H
M=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z






T1R:6=H
M=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ



T1R
M:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ


S`P+#`P

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M




T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M+6QE9G0Z




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M


M;&4]


M='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ-2XW-7!T.W!A


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

&EN


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@


M


M



M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ
2XR


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y
R!S='EL93TS1&)O


M;W`Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M;W`Z





M






M



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N8G-P.SPO

M


M;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HU-BXR-7!T.W!A9&1I





M=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86PG/B9N













M969T.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H




M.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW
M:61T:#HV






M969T.B-E8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z
3$N



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H




M.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI

&EN(#!P=#ML


M+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B



M;W`Z




M/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ


C4\+W`^

M=#X@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ
&EN(#!I;B`P

L-S
R
M+#`P

C$@



M+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ-2XW-7!T


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@


M('=I9'1H/3-$



M.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]




M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[=&5X

S4P+#`P

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C
M93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Y

M:'0Z

&EN.W!A





M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z






T1R:6=H
M=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ



T1R
M:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ


U
PP,#`\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D








&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE




M969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED







M;VTZ

34N-S5P=#MP861D


&EN



M:'0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y

M+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HV




M;VTZ

3$N
C5P=#MP861D


&EN



M:'0Z(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y





T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ
M


T0G;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;B`P:6X@




M

C5P=#MP861D:6YG


T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M.G)I9VAT)SXR-3`L
#`P/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R



M






T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS
M1=M87)G:6XZ


S
\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z











M=&@Z-38N



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT

PP,#`\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D





3$N



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.3



M969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED





&EN.V)O



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M+6QE9G0Z




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M

V/]P/CPO=&0^
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M






M

34N-S5P=#MP861D:6YG


&EN(#!P



M(V5C93ED.#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.B-E8V4Y9#@[








M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

34N


M;CHP:6X@


T1B


M:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HV




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3$N
M


M;CHP:6X@


T1B




T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@




M('=I9'1H/3-$



M.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW





T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS
M1=M87)G:6XZ



T1R:6=H=!S='EL
M93TS1=M87)G:6XZ



M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M:'0Z

&EN.W!A




T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M;#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT)SXP+C

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W)D97(M




T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE



T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M


M9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y,R!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D









M=VED=&@Z



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-B!S

&EN


M8F]T=&]M.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC96-E.60X.W=I9'1H.C0Y+C5P=#MP


M
T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT)SXP+C0P/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]



M9G0Z







&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R



M93ED.#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


&EN





T0G;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

M/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X-!S='EL93TS





M;W`Z




T0G
M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@








&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED





T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;B`P:6X@






M8V4Y9#@[=VED=&@Z-38N



&EN(#!P=#ML:6YE+6AE:6=H=#IN;W)M

M/3-$



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HQ


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-B!S='EL93TS




M.C!I;CMB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HC96-E.60X.W=I9'1H.C0Y+C5P=#MP861D:6YG


&EN(#!P




&EN

34N-S5P=#MP861D:6YG+71O


&EN(#!P=#ML




M9&EN9RUL969T.C!I;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z
M(V5C93ED.#MW:61T:#HV


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M:'0Z

&EN.W!A




M:6XZ



M

M
2XW

C8@







&EN


T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.VQI;F4M



M:'0Z

&EN.W!A



BXR

M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ


RPP
SD\


M;CMP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HP:6X[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z(V5C93ED.#MW:61T


M

M/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ




X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X
M96
X
3(W8V0X









]



]


L
C0X+#0P-3QS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M5V]R:VEN9R!C87!I=&%L(&1E9FEC:65N8WD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]

]




T1T;W`^3F5T('!R

M='5R97


M.&9F834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y
M7SAE8S@Q



]

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q




]


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3






3
W+#`P



]

]
T1N=6UP/CDW-RPP


#`P




]


X-%\W.#(X
M7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X

M




M
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$S







]
T1N=6UP/C$R-2XQ








]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N



R4\

M

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q






]

T1)1#!%-$%!

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]

]
T1R93X-

M1&YU;7`^





CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y
M7SAE8S@Q






]




M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3




]
T1R

M;G-T:71U=&EO;G
@=VAI8V@@97AC965D('1H92!C=7)R96YT($9E9&5R86P@



M.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q
M





]





]




2PV




M



]
T1N=6UP/C$U



]
T1N=6UP/C$P

M;G5M/B@S
#
L

]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L
C`S


M-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X


M(&-O;G1E;G0]

M04


#$S/&)R

]
T1R93X-


]
T1R;SX-



M;&4@07-S971S(%!A=&5N='



P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R
M-V-D.#
T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF9F$U
S@T

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q






M969I;FET92!L:69E($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!E

]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@









C

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\X9F9A-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W
M8V0X




]


3T%.(%!!64%3$4@4D5,051%1!0


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P








]

]
T1N






]


]


M86YC960@8GD@2$50($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S+!,3$,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]



]



CA?-&0S
%]A
M
V$Y7SAE8S@Q






]

T1)1#!%




#$Q/&)R


3$
@86=R965M96YT



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`P+#`P


]





C4P+#`P
M

]


34P+#`P



]

2PV









M87)T7SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q
C=C9#@S-`T*0V]N





]

M



M



M9VX]
T1T;W`^061V86YC92!A9W)E960@=6YD97(@;&]A;B!A9W)E96UE;G0\



#`L





MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9F9A-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
M
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X


T0G


^#0H@(`@(`\


#$S/&)R


]



M960@87
@3&]A;G

\+W1D/@T*


T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N
M='
@=&AR97-H;VQD('=H97)E8GD@861V86YC97


M





T1T;W`^











]
T1N=6UP/C8P


]


@87









N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C









]
T1R






]
M
T1N=6UP/C4U





]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9F9A-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W
M8V0X


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T92!


]
M


#4L(#(P


96YD97(@

]
M



@86=R965D('1O(&%D=F%N8V4@=7`@=&\@

M







]

M9B!T:&4@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C8V+#8V-SQS


]



]
T1R93X-

3DR+#`P


]
T1R;SX-








]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C





]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
C4E/'-P


M


M9F9A-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M13-!04



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#


M861D:71I;VYA;!A9W)E96UE;G0@=VET:!(15`@26YV97-T;65N='
\+W-T

]
T1R

]



]






]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`W+#4Y




M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C

S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S
M


T1T;W`^




]


M





P


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#`P
M+#`P

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@=F]L871I;&ET:65S(&UI;FEM=6T\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$S

SDN

M9!V;VQA=&EL:71I97,@36%X:6UU;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

3

]

M;7`^


]
T1P



T1T;W`^



P7V$S
M83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q




]


3(@

S$L(#(P
3





T1T;W`^06=R965D


S
BPP


C8L(#(P
3(\+W1D






M;7`^
38X+#`P


]



M.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#










#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
M
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q




]
M



S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P


]




M-#`L


24@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T92!P87EA8FQE(T@2$50($EN
M=F5S=&UE;G1S+!
3$


M97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&1U92!A=!V87)I;W5S(&1A=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@


24@0V]N





]
T1N=6UP/C$U
RPV



]
T1N=6UP/C$L

V

]



M9&5B=!D:7-C;W5N=!O;B!A;&P@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@9&5B=#PO=&0^#0H@


M

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q






]

T1)1#!%
T-!


M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]




]


]

P


]

3$
@=6YA;6]R=&EZ

]
M






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\X
M9F9A-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X
S0O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





]

M05
@1D]


M9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!
:6%B:6QI=&EY(%)E8V]R9&5D+CPO=&0^






T1T;W`^0V]N=')A8W1U86P@


]



M86QI9VX]






]


T1T;W`^4F5M86EN:6YG($-O;G1R86-T=6%L($QI9F4@






]

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&9F834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S
M83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#

O4VAE970U
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`R.P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO

C4L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`Q-2P@
C`Q
SQB

]

3`L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


]
T1T:#Y!

M/D1E8RX@
#$L(#(P




]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]



]
T1N=6UP

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@











S




S(\





T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C$S


S0N

3



]
T1N=6UP/C$U





]
T1N=6UP/C$T


T1T;W`^0V]N=')A8W1U86P@


]




]







T1T;W`^4F%T

M1&YU;7`^




]
T1N=6UP/C`N






]
T1N=6UP/C`N






T1T;W`^4FES:R!F






]
T1N=6UP/C`N
S
E/'-P86X^


]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N











]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]


M/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9F9A-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X
M



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P14%+04


T0R/C


M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^4V5P+B`S

]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@





]








#`L






T1T;W`^1FEN86YC92!C


]
T1N=6UP/B0@





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$520D%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S



S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]



]



X-2PS




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
M
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q





:6-E;G-E($%G

M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`Q
BP@
C`Q


]



]


P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
M
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q




]
M

@*$1E=&%I;'


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C0P+#`P


]

]


M




T1T;W`^4F5C96EP='


]
T1N=6UP/C4P

]



T1T;W`^






2PP
#`L




3@L-#8V/'-P



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5-34%'

M/3-$



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P
3(\






]




]





#`P/'-P86X^

#`P

M-3`L

M1&YU;7`^
C`P+#`P

]
T1P

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


@9W)A

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$R+#4P

]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#4P


]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#4P


]
T1N=6UP/C4P
M+#`P

]

M+C




3(L-3`P/'-P

3(L

M;7`^







SQS




]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C


M;7`^

]
M
T1N=6UP/C



]
T1N=6UP/C$T

3


M





]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^06YN=6%L(')A=&4@;V8@9&EV:61E;F1S/]T

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#`E/'-P86X^

XP,4\












M;7`^)`Q,PP






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
3`L


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&9F834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P
M7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#





M='
@4F%N9V4@;V8\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^

@3G5M8F5R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

:69E(&EN(%EE87)S/&)R




^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG

M

]
T1N


XQ,C`\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C`N





]
T1N=6UP/C
L


]

C4\+W1D


M




M

]
T1N=6UP/C`N


P
M


]
T1N=6UP/C`N


M9V4@;V8@

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
M




BXV




]

M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
L-S@R+#`P



]


U



]
T1N=6UP/B`P+C



XS,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

S


C4P+#`P





]





]







]
T1N
M=6UP/B`P+C







M(#
W+#4P


]

N(#


]
T1N=6UP/C$N


M;7`^


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\X9F9A-3
X-%\W
M.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X




M:78]

]
M



Q




N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@

3
L-#



T1T;W`^27-S=65D+CPO

CQS

]

M+#
S






]

M
S$L(#(P

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&9F834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P
M7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#

O4VAE970V




M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@


]
T1T

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$V+#
V-2PR










]





#`L-3


M-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q
C=C





]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M

M871I=F4@26YS=')U;65N='
L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

#


]





T1T;W`^3&5V96P@


]






S8L
C


]
T1P

]





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R



M)W
@3&5V96P@
R!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
@*$1E=&%I;'



T1T

@=&AE
M(&-H86YG97

M(#



T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG($)A;&%N8V4\+W1D

C@L


M-2PS


2PP
#0L







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
C8L

X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?83-A.5\X
M96
X
3(W8V0X






M;VYG/E-%5%1
14U%3E0@04=2145-14Y4(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R


]



M;G5E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87
@;W1H97(@:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y
M7SAE8S@Q






]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\




M=V%R9'
@9F]R($9E9&5R86P@=&%X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]







M


]




M
CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q







]



]




]
M



]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`P+#`P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@9&5B=!D:7-C

]
T1N=6UP/C
W





]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#`E/'-P



]
T1N=6UP/C`N



BPP
#`L



#`L
#`P/'-P



M86QI9VX]










M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

S@T

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q







]

T1)1#!%5D4^#0H@


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\X9F9A-3
X-%\W.#(X7S1D
S!?
M83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M86YC97
@*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]





]





]
T1N=6UP/C0U





]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M



]




M


#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

2PP
#`L
M



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`L
#`P/'-P86X^


]
M


P7V$S83E?
M.&5C.#$R-V-D.#
T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAF
M9F$U

CA?-&0S
%]A
V$Y7SAE8S@Q

'0O:'1M



]


]
T1T




T1T;W`^17-S97@@







T1T;W`^57!O;B!T


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
3`P+#`P

]


]
T1R


CDX+#0Y

]
M









]




]
M
T1N=6UP/C$P


]





M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\X9F9A-3,X-%\W.#(X7S1D,S!?
M83-A.5\X96,X,3(W8V0X,S0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO.&9F834S.#1?-S@R.%\T9#
P7V$S83E?.&5C.#$R-V-D.#

M:&5E='
O4VAE970V.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`Q-RP@





#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


3






]



]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

]
T1T




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

3(L-3`P



]

@;V8@87!P;VEN=&UE;G0\


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L
#`P/'-P



]


@*'-H

]


M




]




]
M




]
T1N=6UP/C

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]
T1T97AT




]


]
M



]


24@0V]N=F5R



]
T1N=6UP/C
U


]






]





]




]

3$E


M:'


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




M
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P
M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E

M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C`N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,C,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970S,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,V+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#
Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970T,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F

M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
M
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3
N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970U-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
2YH=&UL(B\^

X-%\W.#(X7S1D
8
S!?83-A.5\X96
X
3(W8V0X
S0M+0T*
`
end











    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000

000


        

988

988


Stock issued under the terms of convertible debt
 volatility rate
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

422

422




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 volatility rate
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Fair Value
 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
its financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
December 31
8
036
8
036
December 31
1
026
1
026
128


        
The following table summarizes the changes in fair value of the Company&#146;s Level 3 financial instruments for the year ended December 31
December 31
December 31
1
026
528
5
335
1
004
1
674
(506
8
036
1
026
129




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods after initial recognition (for example
 impaired assets). Disclosures may include
 but are not limited to: (a) the fair value measurements recorded and the reasons for the measurements and (b) the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are categorized in their entirety (levels 1
 2
 3).
              
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring and/or nonrecurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
December 31
1% Convertible notes payable
 net of unamortized discount of $5
546 &nbsp;and $45
300 respectively
375
440
11% Convertible note payable &#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $2
235
217 &nbsp;and $517
542
 respectively
1
814
482
&nbsp;&nbsp;11% Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized discount of $29
707 &nbsp;and $178
393
 respectively
320
153
2
510
1
076
1
619
482
890
593
908




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        

000


        
        
        


        
        

000


        
        

000


        
        

000
000


        
        

000
000


        
        

000
000


        

466
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

750
000
        


        

707
592
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

666
667
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        
        
        


        

110
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
December 31
Outstanding
16
365
20
413
4
820
1
425
(2
785
(583
(1
500
(4
890
Outstanding
16
900
16
365
209


        
Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
3
439
3
426
7
152
7
152
1
300
1
300
477
477
3
782
3
732
350
350
250
250
50
12
50
25
50
37
16
900
16
763
039




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

095
878

248
405


        

268
925

673
860


        

500
        


        

904
408
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company incurred net losses of $10
095
878 and $3
248
405 during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $10
188
925 and a stockholders&#146; deficiency of $9
673
860 at December 31
There can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from external sources such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would
 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
The Company is attempting to address its lack of liquidity by raising additional funds
During the year ended December 31
 2013
received proceeds of $859
received proceeds of $2
904
408 through the issuance of convertible debt. 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

122

722


        

000

000


Clinical Studies expenses - fees
 charges and related expenses

000

000


        

975

489




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 charges and related expenses
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Convertible Debt HEP Investments
 LLC agreement (Details) (USD $)







Convertible Debt HEP Investments
 LLC agreement
        


Initial principal amount (600
000) by cash

000


Initial principal amount (600
000) advance paid by Lender

000


        

400
000


        

000


        

000


        

666
667


        
        


        

000


        

000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

000) by cash as on the date under Convertible Debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

000) advance paid by Lender as on the date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001078782-14-000496-xbrl.zip


Y(7\`
M:$QK:)A#VRRFA#SZ6D


;XL=1

MS_@3G89








FDXA&3BO^A86
5




MLA/&?:8]!]L

6
MFT

MDA=CM67M6D9D,C]OVFI4R\'*[P6`L

9*4%LB^M$

D^QJ(#R\
]


MTG@U#MR-'-E!3)YCEMK;-5AZ(J=60)9KF6/;:$`0RE*7FFJ-RYH)0]%O)YS!

MINUY$WVSO!T5K\[(`=EOVXR6!:[2-GMA1+I\RA/9-+\
_IZ)%*M










MXDLB($U0C8TX$B4T?P
%^OG[

M+2$#X]&%P2

/[$TX?#-QX]7`XGH__A3



X*;.-6

MZ[Z*


MQ2A3


M@C$@%7$&A2V=QEE:Y9.*NPE@LV@V'/=#P3=3


\C7ESP#L


O3V&)E@/0`$

MP0Q

#?'6.$S69@AQ@X963
$XHS\@$PP.RE

M





W5Y]X5<7EW=_WKWY?;N%_)P__'VZO:F?<.FGJ+6AGX2
MGYM*ZP%

KL:\I8


Y13Z]NK
M#1$8?U+@]VJ7(72Z4.:CA,KY?)DD297J(MV1;L^)%CPG.BDL\1?4

M%KFYMJLF:G=WS\AUW6.L_`.&_2K\O1`TC$P4\07?WXLR':)\R9)!R`#_#)6&

5'!9%U^??;V*NPI];_.H2.

MA&0/

/&BF_QP37Y0:I@JD&^+

B1Z12;YCS`W^[
M51%LIZR8[*D
PIOSE#_Q)&X/MP+R960Q3

7/0UWS!P5-!E%Q#+$=7D
LEQ%UQZ=]XM
K0I\%'58VHS#Z!
MA4J?8^6V





%V)8;M3\@CN)6$7H65N1`L
M2B

\[
G%3*=*#
MI36E*`#=I9RN.H)U$7X01A3/U&26?.%PGI*:RXG-KB&V#JQZT7T3-65:5HZA
MT7YXW?3?Y%WE*;W+'#3I:(#Z:QD*6!3`Y0?X/@U)LJ2+POEG?CB*+Y3R6(1
M3&!7^'$T2W$1(@4Y9%.`CLPB[:B+$$`,L$\)U2+QTK`L
L/BT)4CK_0BH'
M8F&A5.HPF?K*-G33LECHFGK0_@L7

MT99E=O24ANOS%)E


\?R`

61W[*%LD'84QZS5GQ`OS^D_80?D
:T3$S+6!1

M=4Y(ER0@4@$_[6:'TZ(^!7.\XN*958IXNP5&OP!KY\9$/1@[8!XM6DE(AW


#J:1*X6;HCSTI'37.'5REH$S#!





_KOM$^LA=9@QS'Q(S

!6K6



!W(M%&VA5GY)^ZX4#/9SL=).L6!T.V!']@Q%*P`D$%M2*]0

L$B-U8S)J$W;C'29W9$D3

/92\AP/ASE].GWCQ?3927N*WQ1-FY1HW=255:'V9'D^
&+R(J@`@A/_DTB[RY-1&H0RW5GOXFLIYH
_

]



VDP


Q3HGTH*K`ND?


M)]_1WA



M#@.!/I6E89]-0C^
WM)B%2RD#TK]!7]


MWP_SF+;9&P]_P





MNNOD%P$(E1?\PMF83

M=E@@8#ZP:.R/C9;H#5KS2@SD#V
]X9GXH9
R[GQ*T4_+)G[4OJ1W/N#G*_90

DNZ!\IEVP\GH




M6E:JQRF]Q94U_(V$BF#R3]?N4G8/P#/0?49%NMP=+
Z$*@
%MUOJ:U=0JCF6



SH=Z:4;V?KV\O




`




N7+?3@+)'


2P
M/
D:#6;NLYO.M&F8WOFD?3LSMO6AHX+8+=H1Q2MMY173UBVCNM&.I-[9QR[=






Q3=7AM
M



//_MQ]`-
MOKC/N

MG2K-EM*11;U/(V0)5B611D#
?Z:P&J`]('164/
IZFF?W/M[+XR`4UPM!FGC
MS;R)BWS\`

MPL#(*L`OJ^EP=SUIKU.H3+Y1OPGHCTFSW4UBP5
5N-/3?04!6A%`'9\JK?

!C;QR6&]+T*951+QS


K'V8\C'?

RQ(J


M.6/=/0L*J


BG!4&AET)




X
0@8`%2!7:A./PS]2(&S1Q&=]G@SU16P\='


M^PU#G;#_^*.;R!%1@1B
V5!=1(4




D^XS.3^@$R]1?&TU**F%$*9!U?]RM3[^:*%
MK$3BCS@?O




RPN:D/!@/X9\C,!$I*9;OQ2
$$DV\
MF.060

M@IWPB=A&$5L1+8!2`$KRW28`)&P5GKX(QBFXAETPAF7=!=(4G1.0
BR6*QF9
M4ICM'@@[3EAL6

F&\&C2[2HS*Q




M)^*73L?+DH\?;6#8O



C54^(]8A@S








M
(P!P`51@FZ
:7%SW&?GI7A4:



M@U`O*SN/\M@Y(&83VL

3^7
L[@7_T?NG`(O)S)UO'?ULKE

5AS[`;


['I.6D#6Z3&2


MPEG?U
F`;0
9?K.!C'W$
7JF%[2B?5*AXU`WNR@!W8M\88M1OK5(^4AGA;7F
MG5+@11\?6:M32A%?:S9




@
M1H?*S7.`):^6Q?PI3_.3`?R='R32X[_\5$\\]J]PPXB)B\0R-%R\KZ58B!
MWY1JN\PWA?['-7ZS55/$656[:8UMW1I9
A\[CJV;@.@
-+EXPC1UTW)XWC3-


0R^DIYFSV1L_ZQZ*0$!UK=CRJ=`;

S3^Y/
MB2BC8V-BQQPDZW?:
-['E/NA/LB;]W`2JU0EUD()V+JJPY'R[DJ:0]1OB)UD
M/H^HA


!8+
M'SV8
?+N:=\YN@*/-M5
2$FLQL4C`BY=T5JB??VF-%0BKXE9M!CMIQTAW6C:
M!66W?OK3AD1B



C1=YE9^8%BX9LYU1_2UC\O5A


QK=1MFW='29V3DCKL0FYS
MGFAQZ'O3MF]+CQ26+QT@S=[9N.0G)Q*L!#ZV0\



M*]Z&ICO]@7R)+;T#Q





OOK7WXW[;_\#2?\[[





1AOKL3=OP]HDBZ[
MU=X+)N$C6YS5U_N6E6^RP-;D`8B67L
U`^DA;W?=)K%KE


MKGB%A_N%C[]N!-'C1D@
0'*BP/#E0I^`OVJOKBWR+C?:.
]V?J18RHF0@N

8;Z

0R7DPV8
M!T.GDFR
?9@'@Q_8-:=E`ZZ`SBF9@*R(V9VGP(












MNBNHLIIP.:VMT4








7N/H@3^^$IF?_W+[Z;]



MT:&E?7X`Q0++]]TX!H


Y!'P=#?87_!8*(


M(N^.D;(K=DHV(_]O&FO9%DKVI(8

MG(\!LE8K/()OR5-\\Y('#0'XA;A^\D`%NJY1G@`I'E:!*,T6T1(#=,'^CU
MF8

1G/PCI#L8W3S
M0&/!AC%_3?L`Z4=AB(2W`



TXS#D1T\#K5)Y
'D7:6_H.

MF``L[!78&UL%+:;XA9W$9F3%`8P:E0,#.^F#PH(59G!UT_#T#JQ*K1&!

3?P)!`(8$ZAD7XW




0A]V*;[\
M$V3F

AHXL6$GT$BU_6`_L!O81/V<B12ART#D0E(*E\9VP.ST3L.F(F&
M$4ID5';50OQ6<]@J*_CC_E1)UT]51VY








M/(F\.WS\#MBL`VC-#J+HZ9^&J9Z8)=*I`R@IZ9R)G\)6%Z
U/).0U=@(EIEJ
MEJF;IBF$*%:_`&?P(C4W?@#^CW
15_SD]JJ
VE
QZ?8WI2G1MM=(`PEB.U
M5$63%RUE&`6$CN&?4152%U`:LQ3O
3_96X'6(DYC*KQ[IM/3)/%8T)\94/
H




K2








7/]?;&X0

QH&:[R


MME&#.@'XD_1Q;&Y/(1A8Q)X--LDB)\=0H'UKWB$1CK-^+[`9IE5\$46YC1


M6.N

@#H&EBGNC^)$G)L-A;BE(&
M+Q7&?Z$(YMT.N1G!^A-IZ$&PQ$=LJ_
*=)F96U2T&Q=K?L/]0/(GS5QCB/E&

M*=?*%]PC?2V^H(L2?BI;5I'*Q!OOX059!
W]%-
]+=#N(&

^O1H9)?1#:]YJ+

MSUF/MR;+I+^QFU?)GP3[Y'^(*SF!9.;9=72_(_UPV&;^N236@?+6#.E+:\


=P?\@^
_
FOG%NQS!X8+-B\*
MO$0H:=`NWIPUY9$







MJ#-


M3CH


KE$SO3U'A'@J&\

MG?7^\E%%FUPMS#TS#?ZC$5:]AFO1[IZU.?8


!Y?O/M6AZG_U*7_J9M^)\3^.SQA/'HJ
+;V7Q*/H^9GRKP$V3)L]7\NAZ
M`8I(C==8X03

M*(F71ZD2=8/23OE'91`=XI9FY47O$=GJS$U1]G$B^U2RAMIB1JK0SOYH^T1.

MQP#*KFJ.!X:ZZ5BZ



IQ[AS]*Z.I

M@EH]H
)'1\
N*GS4'+
T4;6@'&=E-'65!53TJ*-

M&EIG*GHD3*$.LHIJ4[*GC40290:F#W:D`%CXZ&753PJ#EF&2F_N7/TKVPF



M!E3PZ&C8106/&F.6OO*;NT?_.[.9[GQ`AV;.$RT.?6_:%KRK())BAOT'D4Z8


M


M(!I0A_9
W$@CP91




@)6@)$WY/`TN#_IF'\


8

MC
N[
(5]H5^QG_'!W\2*9E'XJ%W]]]ER[8))&*/?\Y^)H53./PVI=^C
M1/!]`NAT?5SIG$2P%:_GL,V(T#F(@R)WVA)**&MUWZRS5CO_WI/H?;.`WUP









M-$XW3E?()G
;+K^329I@;`D13L!-PRWNDG-P\3R+G0C2F?OO8A,DC`2D2_
M!W;&S^@?_?


4A%`UP
M
JZXD:R!)X%QJJ

M$0-9^]3Q`^+^]N#!%&B:SR/RY(5I#


HKN\GB0FM-S!;#(SO.
.R?L]Y


PZ(P.'FO?
M+


M*0$^N1'*+FT*0_/C`KZ2`\6X`_;[FD7X#93/T@R<8`%@WM0R08A@4C*1[




M

`K9WI@Y8IS!2J,IWHN4LP!%2EF#WQ!,4C^-%I9.!N=
M00R

B8=G
M4NA#)L_T13#143G0(^9L5C2SO._PQ-1]CG/$H(1!ZPIL+#PQ9.XN^3[WHJ(T
L7XH*4&9:

*$IAK9<W8`3(4_
ML]$IS_&D!6;_PU1SPFR3B0AL-D:8
';A
:)P)A'[7#'3WRIR(T`/
[KW+B7

24!PWT?












$+*:?.!I@)@_(F;
M^1/V*

4W`






\0DOY
=X3-G(^/\-63%!YLXF8/#5CWI'\+PX%J.S
!9;VGHUGKCD7.K0


M\8'^\*=/TEM





M((-_/R

14SQU-2(OA)7%2)L@_%P=%1B_F








MPD=O`O#-B$C\_`X;A

5N.X#K.V?6!MX


MTOQ&\`R94XG\-4/4L(K.1PDUF#F/J8?R[V[
SY18@08_X:1DR^).=](!JBC#

M9SQY0]:.L;%55!$PY1

6879;0P):R2&(^
I3U_\$R@89_
MING!4X$7'[,J3ST@GF*

;TQ
M#?)?=(8@7GB4QCQ#FNV$#!N;S^6YDUFAZ-L*-7A

W2/8O-PB7=Q=IA19Y5Y1RN8<()!=H]*$<7#/G


]]-ZK&_T^E%[P@V[T



.@NY735$:R+T(DPHM`RCP#5
M5+_+


/1PQ4


MC
LL6/.(




MEP3G!UH/R!9(TQ)$I3[L'2E=;Y`)F*QY0E7*U4T-*]):3?O4M_'.Q^TSV%/
M,XV^G(E5A5O^X^@G[77^X,WY._%^_D#6^BU.@2]B,F49*TNG-U=,CTO*2Z-N
MLK/[569$E@]30)7I
KP0

%=2=&WL3;0(V)+SJSVWX:JXY'@?V8A%4P

MK





4)CEJR8IY%8J1^4$9MPO\P\R:
M+&,E3\2F;=_P2!*K4-A7V

&_8_

6'/@/YS?O:.'4$(LJ

P=8:6/AXZ3)?T1WI_-)8KGM9TZ/9Z7-?
(4*1

M\LE^QUZ

W3-^.D&*UA*7QR2

V^R-AS]@=

M`
D]M3T=<(Y404Q-Y^1.ODTEI

7LP=N24_;2X=A/0V17P+;Z!J8J-N[&WW7/6C)2UM[B2





(XU`$BC$-&5=J[R\AUM















M(D`

QKC8N+R\=&FL%&#]25IS1`


M-[Q'@K@O%/8U=Q@Z4$(O75DZ#4G




1GCD4:)C2KA:3K@W
M7C`I'#?2ILJN]@`

V%^V0!8



7K0L[5BUY]IC7K)JSW7T_-1!?=\!QE'M
MN;K)#%TS?KK!JH]5SNJYE5[KM96@*GV7$I]M-UW5NVYE!)1[;G:RS*J/9?2




M9@6EOCO()$HB*8ETI-A6I*U(NS/85LJS%=N@)
Q!#
N3K-%@YCYKJ*I-P_3.

+R%?W5*ST('S9O)`

?A[')(GAW;^'X?2;Y_NW..4^6W*^)S

G/M<_

M3GUDMFC]`Z


MDM4F

M1U;I[7;MQXDZWIW@E8%NV?U5NIU]7)Y.OD5^.


FA\J#
M

H63+GQTYGS_']
Q?M)^N?RB


8?@[UOZQJY]

M%T?&DH.*3ETI-A6I*U(NS/85LIS[]N0?5KFL*_A?X_UH;'@?)O#D6Z/[2KG
M6SXY5V+NT(QWY&*N]2U(;,O0K;%RJ14CG#@CF(ZM#PSE6A\-BRAYI.11!T-\
MENZ8AF[:ZMI6Q0(GR@*F;@P'NCT8*&5\0.9@76QS%KE((YQFZ
;KMK8*O%T

M



MNIT4Z*%`2T=X_!K=[@`&`)3U`H-]VA-%XY9_M:2.JOOM1=?E05*`6A/H_^
MP+;[+9(1YM!IW)JM$)\%!#AM6O^H^9LR5ZQ_V*;]=_:^_6:;[O4R+47[BO9W




1%V(,H64*:2DD9)&NY)&RI@Z<&#(4H&A#FN,
M[LFL3J-;64/*&CI:?M9H@)#W;!E5&!(N6(M$T6=<
5
W;`&NFE5EV(H4ZBU




MX;C\'N6





O;D^`\%JE+0ZN+3J
J,L(^-::0JKTUZ83]GE;O:#J-G#A6'M&I+
MFN`0I4J:VP_+T/NFK?=M0S%*JS:F4;IHH?8V@T!9;*RJ%MY@SMS1J[B.)5/







V704\&.]=^%F#%JW?'#=^R+MB^8






'3:$.

3G%+O.*7;H
M'#MT



M(T.W#4


M$W24#6HU@0H5=8\O5*BH
)$S7&%
M2BGJ'OTKZZC)`O[AR%(I19WD`Q4I:C)2-!RH2%'7.$!Y*VSA52D2-E'64!
ML(7LIFPAY1



H$*

H0Z
MR@*6HW*).LD$2@WL7@VH*%'W^$)%B1KCBKYRD+M'_QTTCNY\0+1FSA
M#GUO


M.F@]+]2J!15%ZAY_G$04J2W(5EZQLH2.&=^*OE74YYCQK4(YRG8_7G2K.(VR


R^E7
YHCQK2R@G5E`PX&M&XU80*?B
M\^YC8UZ=I$[H!
\8/9#^*^)&[*

M#1`EY\'T\CN))EZ
K]W2?P$
[_QP\L??_NL__^-G?.\B?)R[P?-5
$FCB$P_
MD^1C&

MS32
L3

GDB4


M?1@G\5?BNPF9WH;%H9(-(;8-T[(8O^9=0^@+YE:0\;!?TKB8D;31XNO\])
M`
Q[X_INY)$89=F?J3=_A&WB@XA'-D1V'T05)]\M)ML=H%6H;032]!%WL3U
M;Y)TJ^(WS\0$E\`I][345Z&T_$P!W6;Z78(ZP):G;[1$*R@;^`;2N_BQZ]D
M@N;'=%.:'%KCH:3&ZH9M8.X%?(`&'8TWF/H3H.PQ??PA@40G7L/@A2?G0*

-^I&X




N.W][
M%4S)#*S<A'P$K3:]`@D?W*,]<1[')(E!A/LIJK*_A^'TF^?[FS*'/0;9`E[A
MMO/M$-@%W!DO!+,RW,D'F9'R&!OJY(%E]VLBJK53-`Y5U?G#UD5^/(%4JA:

M
%^:`)






IV3*\!'C(0EQT1.X
MGM&CF:)%LR$V'-MVQD

MF$X'P[YIB^2O\F#;3K
8Q'*


S9U87\FCZTGFT,K<E,6%6^;`
M6'14UIYOI\`N(,Z24N!?`BQZBW.63+!/18P7;A1]/PAC+ZYT32&__+<FEOW


MSO(\+YQ\&0*J``$

M\'K/G)%MVW9)HKQLWBU6[2P!@/)]T\ONC\8+4NTEDVZ^9LNNF5PB=GM[ZZ22
MN.O

U^]GA

]$ZN%R-X)0(M
6P#(=I::








?Z&E\J+VK[O8R'#NB


-1TX)DDOM^
M;0A0G=NVPAI;




0?D=X_X&QX?KTHKH4.^9+HJ];RCZ:H5\8Y65J=R


O.

GN67E;(U[]J
MZ(9@6'XQX]I`\



MP280(=_WN&J&G`!2W_^0TJL?Z!
?0S?8$@Y&BO)=8$L'EQ)&*7/3']@MAX7G
M-JU96H!BU?AR[%

MOG8;PFM
7OXZ#W$


M?Z9I#Y


?*HX0<6X*@16$7B0+R6N'%.:<Z&Z?]UZO
5YES;36*R;



M

#`[Z#U)N#%*B[TP

U[

MR


O2%:1)\QIXKN58-`=V_Y?++VL&BBJ-C?'0

VW/9X*9!57%

M@M2.I%^F_(UQ
2IYQU6#OGC6A64/^J/!P%YSUD+]&6TZ0N)/P&V/RVW;\G)7
M%06!VYB\JK2MIHODTF=[]ON_*:NL_BP$U
7KGRZL+
FLDEFJ^R!S9?O6QA


9DY
M&)4/_\LC+MI@``VU`:Z##^0NPB?M+::68[NKALY=)/@1MN7O49C.P:+-CV)8

+LML6N+K7BF[#1W]2


QD0:31X0-!H8QK2SJRGV
M3)]Y$RXNWWGA^01/QL[OJ:\?3'ERVB4:/B`UP0`*+WB5\F;`B[BYK.EV!IID

MR:CY$H7HP$S?/7]QHR18(T&]@@N



M[84;/_@DSI1%(54-.675@4@=RNW\EKBUYF@6HLKM&




H9
E.LZEF[;*

\;976IB-A;
M#_.917G$8C(-%C^B]!=Z83/(

N+
%Y=Q%BQ(-L:C?KE


X#
A
\4SROB6A96,H=KJ&G0!+8XE5Y:P@\41`
M/:_,^$(KJL@7WYV0E2G51;0O$1A]6M-04<FZ(3![7M!2T8-KZMB5@BQ`4C3
M42?65`F\TRB%K8SIKCJ`7)LY3'
H8OYK3;HS$)=K6JL%(*X@X+/M@-S]%MOK
MA$%W`M/2/;6=0\T8A/M_F!_8T__EIO?I&*$E\'E5&N9@P7.:=TU8Q-@=8


6@'1NMEU.329=9!G
MT+Q/,:7\XF\D&=0YDD8A39;]!R?5L

MN]N]%59[

J+V=]QBJU8]X(@GV`OB*
ZK07]%4


M9-E
VT&X

G0TW;%6H

ZZ2R=K7&8ELL@$:#8*TRK3A,&?=NR]P57)0.*0[JUP.@

G=%P5''496\W^^93;'E
LJZW9`Y&CF5@%OM.3FLV\'PH



G#96W$Q113O-4V,V7<,78=1=+]C,51C3O\[

M;.:A(2NW^FX+7/2\59B#^\WAV5;7'[5%E.U%P1LW2&E\-1%@J'@6)1!!P*



M;.0XZSR8?G)!$=OF]6Q59/$E/+IBVAUO3U?'P[FE\B0T*]O?PX)'UL*W
.




MY&2AFCO




MA.4T

M/CB^JMSQ-@#6.(7E&3%709Q$Z3H7Q$NYFQ_QLJ5%7(T




M



%/]&!OP
M-BP


O/OYQ_OKC\=/GY


MU[\\)


#Q2H)ZMH7^/QU6&]?^9
MEFG9YN&9W:+
;BUE=FM[9G^/!SNX7+L=R[776.X+9-OO!^*LBBU=+K]?L*5X
M]C0XO`2A$ARKW3;G07:[\

M]`K8'FR9[0TK.'RF


'WP






MRF_]_&
.9=6JV&V8!7S


N

MX

J3&MO4V)6I%V!6N8-B&

'F5*@3`5`:=+X$.G



M`T?0[*-_)#Y^4Y!2%HVW*0@-K_O6C#UZGUI:;/;E8Z

M^0U02P
$%`````@`BEE_1.@L=+E)#P``Q=X``!4`'`!H97!I+3(P
3
Q
C
Q

M.6?^![;SD=@:;;]DQVC@

AKO+SO=;J/9
M).5MZ'S_1/Z9F1YH8$V.=_UFZ?M/GUJMGS]_7K[
D'WIHL=6Y^W;;BLJ^.:W















M&4&D.(SMN9J[AM%XD0




BU[6XNPO2TV;B\U

$(.A:89HF




=:@-5PTX;W6HW0U71==40THEF2*^@+V5#

[Z*:*J'0BMHH9D@Q-`W4+3I@S*\%]`L=Z*D4T55+8:@




M*U


-G[8+
M3`*(SE


F17FD)(Q\+#*65!E2SZ:SHY8:]/#H2PC^:42;8D3HMB




M&


MQ#/XQJ@=MM9XBL;O$-4ME19@Q0SLYA*CY]_JQ.-/S%YCBHX;G/(0;+/F
M'[6*Z9$WB!V-2R#OF[1%
FLAEO)

ML():)-%]/J!53MZOPU'.7T0'&4`GT&4)GH56\?9=%53V0MC$^2#D8N'9V()
MVO9EO+6=4;I\GAG1*S=N_
2MQJ_0'^9;&UB*WDAE=74]6
A\C@F(3SJ^3B9

MRB@.CD@')[@[8597[;!9!)Y(9X32QPOR07
\'ZU+Z-+SM%1$/3LJ@8S?.V:8



F66)E+55B@T#W'1=O#8E3$;#<&)<TO7M@#RPHN+CF6RD`Y)

M='




MF69YJOZL



M=B+-PDI30D=EA$Z&\N

MG:V8$;+20.E9H/J3M3%`9@Z(EC5+_%QSTI*FG'-`LG-`VV/D[H!);F*+SA7:

\.\XV_^!U!+`P04`````*





MTRC\XH[_5&&:?DUIY%
_8QOZ:?!C04;
%-!QUG.\*O?YFQ#FS3CY35D3O^$3

?IU%


0%)DB\SO_N<S[^
M];MJJ'KP8]7^RV-4K$HU^E#2AM$7
HHB`MEK.*([S#2X)%O.+C@O!O^:T:\






7[BG


MAJS#^$7T0/G44:*=_0HF(ODSL!/1E'?X3%DJ.^1ST#I.*.^4Q'R0A'3-:N][

%19*1
D]4]^ZH;X<R\4;2&.,N.LZ6?]ZS,Z-&LVTR9RW[%X.RXT8=EW8PFRZV^Z<



MCT*L\-N8=_T/
:C3]0U=TR2A_FT0\0F
;SBN8Y:R.0UEX'Z5$]V=/*H[W*KO






M#I&XDUF^[F6IN3UJ]K-B!6-%M]/Y_6@YF3Z0Z2U9?+Y:3&XFH_ED/*C)S4H+


ME#UF!\.ZOVBIFK)E=1JZ_A;(D?_WO0I67


M1ZP_Q654M600E44EX%0D






M^#FHGCS&:*#;;%-Y0=3[-/]%D@[N(KY!`R?SCVD$$#$V&:H7/ZFO*/49/\W3

NIB
M*D=7VRFNX$@@V)+A:*6@5$;VG#-,];@A+`J@S=D\?D&PGC\*VSX)W75)T]

M#!!L^:\FZB0-7\3;G1?ER6_\-P+'8[JNG;S.20WW)GE^-:`N%X&]+/5%;9G)
M5K#(_3

9OSDD-
MY78]J`$5BJOVL6O@CW@1D1S*Z%S)(Q$\P0.MY%)NG\7OH)4G.)6_!%X%K%XB




MRDO;044)80RS.G-BYQ

MS`/[VM`T6'F-*+
]$
4!L_6F%!3*6\8E*;'YAE2S*4K0@#FS^?LR]VC.;PD-
MEUT0SC)W\S+/SG#C!J55(VY6P'XB:\`


M)R%Z6-$F@O@9=GOGD-?\&

VE$
=BO?*
(EU^`





7D'




Q^_+`<L*7:J^78
-L.


XC;2#P95M+[1DYV;1W'KS\3?:I)0!ZC8FVZ`!MHNV9Q9@H

0LE
MG[-_LKR0QRP3OF4
P63YH[VQO6,8(QLMMJ(=NA695)]+HM7_,@]'I-O`Y2*'53?QV<
M-7!Q[7M$#+L!@[X&9Q(G4FIN:[4Z1=P^\0U92!G+$$RU`*:ZRBK[W!W4&U8










.J#N@B0IU&J
MY:3*PT5QLJW<3QR5<WI[`HXC*SM9<`P_S2(6)KL9?F%CH672O66^%`!*%9X




M0'G#6!OAV=`8MPX9F7`2;UX]$KB-B'0C@G&%:!(%#CGE6Y?!'7/
.JK
]Y;&



!UJ
`T6C<\:MD6F/2
B[=F1:
=]`=`.%W@6I8+72F.VQID=


QGH`
($=

MPO81-N



M`4JB@J401*MX*P6E$@W]!*!R)6K.[Z$3!?@01RPOQZTNS#BICZ/1[
VCQP+&

MXI%(9V$YES)!5/()^_QU\=:CGG


F?/73)'_9TC38D]&


^T





XL8WQB

M@[0*T5I/4E8*W%K&5U1
-CJ


H20FWAZH\/B;FUHB
:08(`4'!%C(





\G





M(I=3(P6Y/PW%@/&:.EZ0L..
+PS)IE&UK*$(F#Z8W3-TX*/1I9P@5P*2+'
MA:C\G


[!U06A_LF
MVVS]I6#])RXN`HT

MVA
NA@G'/BJZ*7E+@'B!3/;2D
#J016V


;3`L=/'L4E29YBUENAYO'ZGO4[_@

'3AEO'G&Z]
M`


%%.8L#X0&I2GPU

MED$GYO



M=)&XI

M1*+YSKT&`O6`?5';*0+8-;G)W;H`.7RW9C%N+BD2%8Y2;AC]_3Q[C;IB\.0
MUEBKRK'4?3MK-\V5G1-CU8C0DBS`@/J?(6-BN:%+FFP9@.J5B:=?XI/';PW

MN\+ERR$%0*71*=HDE`]H&?4LE;E
/ZN4.*C;$JSR*LEF3H8?@3?']ZH1/(6'


EQTJ?U$/5G9V
O

/V:_0$






&3F%GS4;4YV





+0


(5Z$\9\IK/








MD&9ERD19'!;X5.;NR;7
(ZO
#)9XXM
M;P\/'%O.(+?49//'B4;D3$*0H`)<B7NKC:#0;U'M(2WNL@*1VF0^Z3UQW
M7

*90L!C`CF\
MX-N



M6E
?8+K^_OO?_HY[_&^___#NW9RR'5PF\E/XX69/1^D7CQ_X]NS&TY=0/BLY


WL.UFE51



CF$





6@YGN36BN9'E9VB7&12I'C:\C2



-=C:].``?+8UNZAGA?'=:#F^(;/1




M+R8/XX5S]\$QW^@J-1(
S2_J-7!2X

)F0:K:X3



:=LO
M'3QP6+.'?]H0Y?03BL#'LVPI\K(R0HMQ]V;HG,A34^,HEM5.A-V*?5`U4Y
M(M6&ZT.6&TS))@!L._5WEKTI\A
YE9&)9MV\SO./M7Y/'WY:&CDF^I`!'`'`








MB)O$4A0OMO+*8D83N
'0(=@VM48MAG90$7$9SB8ZLT_NVC:B0DR!V*K2
Y






#R[VVRT45
Q3$+UTS\H(/4
Q

M4EP;&KS`2==XP`R'`F)\`_@@@I$+A:1!


M..HZOCTB;M(4DG%G20S9'/[5X3

MY&1L
)#^;/J&KBF4-9K39QKMZU!$CUNAK;F&+

M:N0_MI-&O?=G)'F6&V4*!*K&3C0-T:923QQC+:(P-E$=DA*-H5E*O?C'QF)2

MPGS:6CZCJ[=/\?-W/@VDT?





US2UN24G1&@]NS`M(V7DRX3N'K#

M$7Y!E`=


9'\.-




T88=G
/D)`C0R+).`'80]IL'(.00


TZ*)PPBC#ZH4'UBKVBCUR





ZL]O+.ES@'W)I]JD*.*E5$1/6(;F+







KJ

#*U5]DHDGP3U#
M@'XO?AL62!4(ET;\L!]#9KO=S4Q$0/RUG:#45?
V
;L
4_1LN];V;=:LK2/

MDALTZZOZ$&VVLUZW3GQ_%V_I'9^@ZG='I38N-DG)%%[G/&2W$T7BZ'80Z.@
MFGU*G7)[!ZJU):7EBDJQIQN6JP^P8






9T/=KMDOAKL.6+2ZB[U39_@X.0




#


M`(P/2MJD3!P2`:!&!-^\K(TE7)SA#O6A!/

-N/N
S')7QJ.]9Q)YKB6A<HDXRT*(W3%F!]4*;'.LA
M3E5T!\0V\17!]PZRT![?-.P*U`X!Z3C0.V:4$AM04+O8/.J`0K-BEV9O]S0
MR]_!__W^J
:FN

M;
I`B0XER3J'`I1<25VSB3Q.0I

M/D





8#YO-
K<0#
M03VB^VD[M$_5DL8XSM5H

ML0
8C*;7@@;QEBZ]KY3-O
!_H'5P+YJ&+@H4U!!W$#B70K=#
Y!ZB36U!1KU

#(14[28A026F(\XZ5:LP53IH&K?M-(#=G0'F^

[5Y-K\SR95J3

M5LHX+85G/4`.@UDJ]10`[UR7O6;SE=OPE7JV7
:MY'4T%4SHOTKF4S7\LZ
M(
3?)R+`/Y^?`8N@R(L1$P'QJV-][42\:V)I^J$`+C+RE
B
3/5
[^(H5`



M3

CP4`#JR$N%`T-F:X9@
M)?Z=8YG(#C:\@P--%62)*OQ
_4&Y=+=1J=080G@


M'6;9!9HIR/9+U#S4DCV

I-H#6B=`DRW


MJ;FZR'

MF$&%.&?U9E19%E7;O0Q7Z
H[W`EC\@RD4'V[A)UBRN[0QN80=SD%[/%[W85-

CR._%\&N\9U4A1GC/:`

T*\2%%($(LD^WY)[

DX#=SUG(2$I.O'VZB9/!/8#IQJ-R\U?K_]VGG`Q.7:&K5_#$
M/]1Z=M\A9J@6K%F;=R



MV00

M5JZ#L+:/P':+O4A-$_[5X8N



MZEM&?N2]0SZPLR=(!^S;54+
TYB]%6^^SPI_[Q*ZL27%_OD
HRZ%Q@KY0*
M=I%E(;T)^73ID]WFP((5;`!%?'90WU?OM4:OER0X:BXO#AXYX%$65
=`NU




<%$^W=A%1?QD6[GR_DZ<
MJ@JJKISQC.(90_\1WX$3HZA\6VD']29L*



]%+-
T\G-]`6R8K@5.QA#FX_O1LOQ#9F-`
9].1\]




-LG
PEE]@3@)FA69N%
DYF--O!Z;.(%F=F

M+.&3JMR


MO54C\/

(N_B@JX=


IDY


M

XAEX23%OE`@DXD2

5F^KH


W\Y)2KF6M)/$<7XZ



\&O-856A=9.7SA8P-5:.RTJHJA*?Z*Z$XGT7KD;EM.\'
MFD[7FL(3T_7[]Q^^?W_Y^U'D?W_Y^^]_^WY.V8Z?C(-G&AYN]G24?O&2(-XS



F+V+1'T
M@I1N\Z!;J'M5IK?C*MAX$$O_L@E6&^+'HAC6S_RD$JP/`G!H)?$45*$N\7*]

M





Q
N=TS0/\D(#
4B[-10GJ1M!Z._

XE1]?W9

_OR=UD=#6YFRPGX\7@
MH/ZMU'!L62V&IL?;`W%*O+:R+7U;_-U`$PNHP]KG^7S\L%35)`=G1(URGYSV





M4
YRW




MX(MWE(3C2@Y0-73.,D`J2(PNI#$63@'61U6G&(@6:')VPHXJV$D_'(.DM[

M^4#!E7)XT




1EP?FR_122$MV$
]




48]0NNL5@DW_Q+LCXI\
9YB?593Q3I?GDEDSCA)8?XDJ^M6(.

M:7;[Q[_3E0@IWWH








M2X

M_2T0T$*


M(L:








D.S

LXZO82_SI^B;@*P_OQLZ'-)\Y=J5Z
MQIQ[%-2O!5HBC3^C=G$^W\*)9G2QJ-BYU_L*]S-1IC)70AT0YEM`*`SW/G=-




M2$A/T;

Q6IL59%93[M!022A
+!H]TN#J*T!H;`XB-<8JHU4ZBS)I27V'DJX5Y6N
P+4'L%
M+6?IJDZE
B:N.IN]R16:PU5TEE;6B,B`84Q^O43#:%L`HT.%7PW1KUJ_?N


M054;ZG\>
Q-:?HA-@VK!'#(+2E`BBA3`
MW2I:L&#'HJA!(
@YS(%R+)QI+I`XT/)Z0XF;*'$]L15YE(B#A&TH38GOI?0M


;-/CE

MY*7?'GTG)OQU&+^('BC?_Y5H9[^W:3\6=:H2GF'1:$&/C77


M@P2
$`0SU^:8CY(!89YET%U8R.&YY
YX/L*S@9$C;TE'RXO/`R)--TH4LM

J8^5
G\RYZO0C0)CZ.YVWV+
N'6++H+H_4$
M.7%Y*((+J'\AWT!_SFBZ6K#.(J1I$7

5
MX6RX/OF43\\
\.-

M$*MLQYC3ZS''=1==RM!8?O%8D*'X25M%G(98MS$SASC)NH1232.WV
A.$CTS

;R;P72W$&.UX!I;M+%
4ZSV9H0._;JE'\'

M-'%:8

3*[O@FV0:HW_U5A!.=EK*Q5MK2A1#%/MAGW
EI!A;@Q

MJ37NLM7


M
+`HAAV\![L=D.?J/\6!&WB!N!?#$I&;$_?#TX<MXOIQ<W8UOQE=-\/)U



MRX@:+.LV;S!!-G5_X]/




MC?!/4EJBJ(


?LSN1G?3JXGRS\-SH*
BM!6V;$8EOXLJW07IV+5#);5
M\`':LLS

3B3
FO@V*1LQ^/


0+

M96-'W0TZKX
G8[SK8T-J&J+

)YA(_'2IB8Z!C`54@
MRQV1-:7DKQG)_S


?RR9U=VC.7:



.;(H'8:X?7
MV*XK5P.G01`Q3!4B].F)5^)Y_B2&TL%0L2]=D9RGL/LEL6]5R%'F/!.I%

O$HO^&J9
J]HSBUB=!3P9N0AYI1K;ZK+C**<O`




M9!M+DAG\-9]9'P]$425/0-:5IYQ+5)

M:.R#R0+MJ)GC!.).(XA(2GH
@R=!;!F+JX72-2$\8X4QX[O`.K/KT@
NM:D;

P195L$8D;T1./RI`E
I4])-DE4'M6#MJN9(]A7'J_A;+


]!7:6BS9PIB/(B'.
MEU4B0[
+1*O<T3X)
MD))EK/[V*6%#XI8EO%7.
)
US-^NEX%.[[0UH69N*;@
*'*F;@NDZARRD0B



M
149HYL)FS]`9@W:
(-+$

MJDE\]A:'J#@FJMY


RIVW`U]PAF/^:3PK
M



M-DN)^/4J?HJ?U`1L@XQL*(K2PA*^@!)A[\
4B`['H?$F,_1F^YITEH@RT
MJG@F`'6'N/X)_+LA7NQJ?;@=_GPBI[SCOD)+.)CDRNH0K\@LP[I*H6%E.VW
M.T'E!()!49+=RRRH$Y?;P=:DJUE59VS-WFB/Z2N281/WW3I??5#LJHMCDZ

Y/
@]



MQI./GY;C&S+Z
IZ//H[)U6@QN1:KP






6AW

M4&'!.J%0O8O=DF`LE)$*#AK$B](SF



IPYTE?=_1M#5EMP[`5TU




KY^0![/1W5#6AKG]V=.`G

L*MN3C&]
*/:


MR=ERG!R$D8J]'R=PPQUSQ3]FMU0+TFCXP$U8:2
S;L)+Y5X7\
5S(C)UA0`M
MYZ&F:(FL0TX1DKU:R&FC=K2AIQ;6ARM4K2XK):$



X)H2ZNAU_&3]\'B#*


MZ):(?DG6\5#
PR!W9A96^CZ7.8SX





0='&BQ^_?W-[^^+E2U(^A-'O
M_R!_//@(O

M?_L;+?R/KPA6*GRY+8K?O/J?^\ERM04[_R6



M/_HMZWX!-I#T&J53?P=J`G.+E04L
^HD56']9%4TB?]*Z?R.^]7G)5[M_02W






M=C[,!A]W8,(@5P/#M[LLK80P-'4T`''!7//:A7C313:^DLW8)D`58`/OH/
M(4!3D(H94JMKV.*2!@Z'VG/X!L`98M&
.(!`(

M*9I6=975W!H.:IH9.D.Y9)6)]R#!UG[H9YN$/PYP3S8
_&$AK-(+7L2+C4CA

-Q.M@+C]W$$DJ




MMI#TR(E?OC^DJ;G/!9KWSK-W6GH?072HWT+FE;*-D3

N_3UGO<0<L^K
M93;X:

D7

M

M&!TP/BJ6=J-V-.WK2-

F=U7PF+<VDILQ=7OI9
M\E8@T<,8-^7LL4I5GB5[JED?[SZIF?IX3^)\WTY&\_FHX7CN?BW.C8\G)8[




M\*_KU[O/_QV(L#JA$P5.L(
1?1V(A)+&9'5LHDB*0*]VP'/DW@-$*+RC`%W
MY3XK9A,KYSKV;B.[P`AB[;?XRQGB3:

WFPBAI$QE
37MW&6L:1W%5T%PWR?Y$


T:SX!95:=M/`
M0:)W6Y&JU)FT6&


JQL^I+:ED(U
R'`P]I'G!
MWA^D4B]



HM;-5:G5W;\U-`


=





6D
T=+UDN2W!


MF%^G]\`KJ


MN3@F


MS55IZ5%10A1._6A#G.D.0D`Q51VW\C


M]]RRS*:2:ATSV_PC%C-:!Z5WAP@
A4DZ4#R;`;PB8$./9RXK5'QF7)X#T[L\





MDRFL#H8A?9J'?I22EV3Q3^G#OI+S=X4&^LFZP@?/.F]7`:QW/JHSX15/=.7U

?0GTL7;5%#_61?SZ(M!+!W7A
L

?(5J!8J9_L*GS8M5LF0F#ZMR7!%Z`_3&6;P%


<34PM-2VZF_4'JE8<N`X/)!RVJT@R'+$D-3LIDXT?Y



MZF#*T=GA





G!'TX&&;3GW2Z&(EL234$HS,9%02?BET%F9!%9AN'^.-%




MKZ`VB1035.DT1(R+/?/FZ;


ES
ML/&*=Y9TIRJ/U$'(+=_Q91$9#]4D.ERE;5_CSV_.%?^_?-0+VNY@_`NDT;/`





4:QL#X.J:/3N^=X%1A4C



MJY.?U18$!_*P=SUI

MA+F0P2Q:@-4AR9-F3.



6T_72FU?;;I6DD93



M(JLHB;9$L[6;HE+^=M:VNTEUVVAIAHW.6\%

M?#5OPS;26J`DN0)LU*Y8'G8[/WD2/O\]IRAM08I_'Z(+C8WV'5[-`FDOHJ9=
M9./^17O

M9K688BX#U+@%5=PJR^^1H:4?^@FDSK1C$DN7E&$07.;5IX%NZW@,VZG#7`)
M(O8R/018F*+G,0`HOV:/Y9.SVJJ99T%K.P-&W7EVVE%M^1*-NXH8/$G*OX\





FG0'DE)D5M`9ZO:Y?.1A*VC!=F
(%K
M4



X



5=DY0MY/YJ[$=[CT/<=T&0RD`Z,\QKV4'5
MW;BOL:#_0*-+2.`)I-VK
=&DMCVL-

M

M&-H\W8T;U^R.\[E_[D
\_4_(4&!MA=3K/C]JF`@9M]
78.?#B&99I#N%3)9*

F_]NM$HRH7-AZD)RF%.K9S-;BL@8M_W)

?_`M/'3#?X(5Z&/$%Q#$#B(%I_[


L=
TJV


MP^$[;=6JV\=-
W3
1ZCD_1LO:81MQZ(AOZ3E^`9'$:;?Q^P9@&5A?Y6?)C9
MOBW[:+P`-^.V?F'G.BGN.MMR/9:HM+V\2+4W?REW.



C2W(%]_.I&V'B`3G8./EM7!?#B.Y#Y

95#

^O$O&AG/Y73S-
M#GB%GCKSNRO(9L;=+NBX@9==I16=R?@+Y[[15Y`EAO]O%/7$0-
*\DTJMI


M0%K%;B[DB!C?6Y;%?.^C4\*L[!T)5I*I(;=E$CQ,+[=S$XL!J44P$Y5KTQ


T:#^OV9
!IS5IHUF@`F

M2G](W0BK=S`0UR7KI;
I0B*7F9F!TVF#4'6@J9Y8'I3SSJ>KWM3D,[6'R(_
M^^Q!

MY#O4T-LS_

7L[86AOW;$P`0H-#0A2;DX\B9B6;9!2R


\0SZIG


AJ]8RE?X?-\K_#7B2`;X0U/^$[



#G
M7
V5
YD



$






3`H?53.5_!


MH#F@EQO?WQ



@!'U;6C=*X.$X7

M8%LK8`FB=;6
[RQ9#UPCYB.=[(*6X



Z;[KVV<8BE0:,_#GBF:^MG:-3'U1P/C:32:[F5NA0X(D2E.XKP
M6F(RJO58[RTRBG4X8!5P+L<IU773J?#02_\V5=)?)UQ1-VD7V'=;%6KTQ$Y


M31

M%N9^83(_

MH)6`TR&.D^_%\)SU6N!!JA7L/2$\!:]V-%[I^*TJLF\M1?;M%0^MRQV_5?UF
MWUKZS;[E?K
:;5%&QV]4O]DWEGZS;_C?K('`ZW+'JM_L&TN_V3?\;U;C83:C


MS1


M\NN^8
_=`U25Z?WA8P/L;3AZK






:U?$]\UY

%E09
MFOWE
HUWN'TD6TV.!D
UN0O1%$'O0AT_;RL-OY?P3(/*^SY9<
M&4-N=#3^:5[T_-F@9;:6CF'D1ROHAR5
+GQKQ[!45]M&&]9#TT4]

*18N?SJ<]'.:
MD?0?Z`O#
S6(VS:!WC8#N+H$=N$N-@8^.DA*30F/TTA!F@:I\Q7H\ST\^U\
M&H9X
IZX-0.BA`/CVS@O\^WPRL#'_


GO\5S_:)'R&L!V[_]`+OA1.B:O-7FQU5!=)E

]D#/!7Z8=8
M(%:0M'KE#L=N4S:.\=
-H#$^NQ;3/.[-00A+MG;V^R3^G=^IBO;LEJ6
B(

M:3PXDFSQ



:MMH3-N\Q9['O()%6\^
M.SORIV#/QRAL

6M1EVKOK&7\H@QZDA
M2$&0GZ1&FVQ:\V(O@9L-2




M1.-E.OL-)\JO=5-V4=X*+.-[R0]XJJ1WM1.0YZW$GYRS^N
`$4U5
%L[8;@@



M`CJ_$78'S_^SX`!KW$-Q^AR=$
78^B9B!T[D!`'

*NAKRI
MM&
Q=THP8(B^YY==WEX0./`VYX]$C.QRKN\4LC:U3:OEZ@C8HTFN)N1%V)
MPG4ZFF:$NZ3!3;?BN/H(L;7BXO!PMTI*5;L\HRG?[%V%?%P[@;5TT0)W4B


@.:\[Y5K]!$@\D(LN7'V[X.?I

M@[F@XQ\M)W[3]0`(+=1B%(YGJ)891R;O







M3F]





5F=N$ITE3UM\


M?J``V0^DGXO+T_.+TZN+'

MO$D4^@1,..GP\QD!B0FS*47CLN,<A1TY#!9F$@B2<(NCQ,-QL8R^.WN9(;EX
MV71(!,0+O*X.R+<?F@Z(@&_BV-Q;+_I6`B(L_._\7(#'!89`X(_[N=F#1]?

N_LH(3(D!%2AZIE29

MW^H$/(ZPDX31&-&5#F_R3:YU_NF


9J.4!7UO]O;




M[-D/GN\E3W-


M

7%Q0'27L8HPYGLQFNUE
/P+;8;+PT
MND$\+[++0S@9!Q!!%LM8$R9;\XPKX(8$<RHAAKUPJ9O:U32&'CV1?5GF4UQ
MR=@4U9R&?O+U`YJ'QC.;A#-_9+*.U.'
/IJI?Z7K_N[.F'\F)KGY?F*.S($Q

M8*WQ'&]L


R.#S.4U?HH8X[B/
MDL_8CH:!B]U;[.#-`XX(#+%K

E3R?(7P28S?YE\T2+U

MNR.S!-?(K+DQ61@#.FOL67)#0)FP
G&\$CFRIHBB1RG^]((;JO;0[\IJX_IF
M
?SUGLC\
(!-^
WFLCVU_9*U


*Q&53NI\'7X69K
M!T^+




M@H1%Q`$AHAA[3HDX=6.

73\X.OYZKE



LSA

MD54#5N;B


3[$M*O`?GLH1`-1A38VR1'V90GLIPY%8/T8%OE%E/0&XI\A0'U

M:C`DC3A&)HSXJ='384/)BDG-;




M*M]3!M*J83P.[6!F/P&)2NN7W_;HKDJEC*QJWKE-VYWOO?MDZDD7`QQ_YLW!

MNMY$!;

-5A5'$ZY<.UY#?/IV![-%=/R,4C(*E2=^.IMLK*H2[^L[V%IXEKF

S
+;*V3F.
ML1TYZ_Q]]@7A3`1;?65/G&

M9@$\@6NOB%

#SZ/(HSG1`&I

]F%@O$2F-M





MR$11QQ]#)V,/\E*2U).*3,Q]!&TF_I3Y\P!S.P0]UAN/4(Y_/ILSVPPXN()
MUN5`KR+D6W90JNR*@\%/6?ARO&UNHZKI

'5TC,+^W:'K?N(%EX




M:W79UPA;07`Y@?4K]M@$S;L02^+


MLBU&N`-Q6AXWB*I7645)!OJ5CU4QS`HXFGP7W:P([-U^1KJ/2GL+9Y-^)!
M16T)LLJH`S$-1O@A`D*O9
-2P_TIEFJ1EQS`IRD8-L7(P-31N%=Q*+XCACH)
M575BZS3J13N52#IYS*SY*G)3MBO1M

'(COJ!



TO(F!K%H-Y(\96'[%S)KM:K8
MP&TZ6`

O
J@B%%+
;=JBICQ00790+_*





0(MT'9&(W+UZR^\PW-N


IBGI
MUX;

MI6([LNC@+
2TZ(


MMF7A]3*]0_MY!Y,JZN;6Q=+4KU$W/Z8X3L-4P2`]*G3XLMN\FN+P=OE64I



ML^P%
QC$M`J;MQEGY.2_BBD6M6YSCLN07VI@WMDNOGDBTE:/^JGS
MWE7PG1#3.E'$99ACVUECU[#6A`%0I4_


MSLU-L-9(SY8!=X
GV





3YHE.<(1GDZ:)2G&$9Y.FB4
MI\%&V15%VXAV]8V4U9($59)LT2-$Q(Z8,9I]2'T5HY.&W5P3KE'S)\:*BZ?
TL&%+7TQ=M(??V:M5
M059QN0(\DX9MI&GR?LG;XAA#DX[Y10VM09'.Y_.MS=2D.\*@)I=$D#&VVU^
MDMGB0O?O#\5P[.Q_+_E]_(


-AUE!;2JA(@

@4&BKNNYRLOQ]53OFA^':Q_`!;B$


_%

MRTC\

CZ2=^
M.&HZN`4CJ\;F`5G6(=M;0])[;4__#C69$[]P/90R4B
FY$66O/
A[?[@
BCN
MT5%8+\&6E?F:%-=DD[
4
IJ7^8IW9M&,3KCL\2/&(-II`XT+?,43-Y+\79B
M\':*:?+N/7T)D=QGC5&_PKXR++*F1@MA2[KBI[VI\=Q!8D7
!\_XAPX)/JGRUZ1R[S*:5GM/@(9Z+$(:/'(KNR

ZW9`!^-*;$3?*E8QK=8F%+O/LS21U8!H\BB+
MAE6;LO*OQ-DS_TL;8
0X/


*)=79E_C#+8BVZ:C


S]/LUS4_:LO_QYSM
M+;N.+5$*I_TFBB??UTE7QDK$ME?J2[:
FOO4/`#3Z6P^G5SP
9A/+N;GTST'





MX7APW@@WGH/Y3B





M)F_RD+=
VR=WLL5Q]
^@6!`JA^=Z2U[R9F)

*3
MU_:2=^LZ6I?!T%Y0B-[)H!6%GT#'W8FB7]L

OUS7:5I)I=:EL^

M7CPV


M\CK)BYUCTNZ!



[&`+'@2!Q7(*WK$&1-RPA=CQW6K







UM$=TD4CDIK!+):_



`Q0````(`(I9
M?T3-(1QS:@(``)L*```5`!@```````$```D@<S$``!H97!I+3(P
3
Q
C
Q

4`````*

4````
M`*67]$&/+L=J`E```9HP$`$0`8```````!````I($-F0$`:&5P:2TR
#$S
M
3(S

)`@``^+X!````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

000

217

000


        

310

802

000


        

310

202
        


        

000

600
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

104

147


        

122

701


        

467
        


        

834

957


        

527

805


PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET

750

203


        
        
        


Definite-life Intangible Assets
 net
        

234


        

391
281
        


        
        

762


        

392
126

996


        

174
403

004


        
        
        


        

208

640


Loan Payable
 Related Party
        

362


Loans Payable
 Others
        

592


        
        

837


        
        

478


Convertible Debentures Payable
 less discount of $517
542 and $111
280 at December 31
 2012 and 2013

619
319

458


        

036
239

026
128


        
        

110


        

686

682


        

877
452

361
287


        
        
        


Convertible Debenture Payable
 less discount of $223
692 and $2
159
189 at December 31
 2012 and 2013

811

908


Deferred Revenue
 non-current
        

000


        

811

908


        

768
263

190
195


        
        
        


Common stock
 $.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 105
317
816 and 116
852
093 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 2013
 respectively

852

318


        

895
380

448
705


        

606
092)

510
214)


        

593
860)

956
191)


        

174
403

004




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 clients
 or other third-parties
 or arising from transactions not separately disclosed
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle
 if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the carrying amount (net of accumulated amortization) as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the cumulative difference as of the balance sheet date between the payments required by a lease agreement and the rental income or expense recognized on a straight-line basis
 or other systematic and rational basis more representative of the time pattern in which use or benefit is granted or derived from the leased property
 expected to be recognized in income or expense
 by the lessor or lessee
 respectively
 within one year of the balance sheet date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the effects of master netting arrangements.
              
 -Paragraph 10A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

000


        

000
000


        

000
000


        

592




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

095
878)

248
405)


        
        
        


        

750
        


        

226

429


        

226
009

573


        

122

722


        

821
630
        


        

464
515

747


        

234
        


        

453

843


        

674
135

728)


        

110)

501)


        
        
        


        

421)

710


        

467)
        


        

917
        


        

432)

075


        

837)
        


        

000)
        


        
        

814


        

940

335


        

986
214)

773
264)


        
        
        


        
        

500)


        

377)
        


        

377)

500)


        
        
        


Proceeds from (payment of) loans payable
 others
        

592


Proceeds from (payment of) loans payable
 related party
        

262


        
        

957)


        
        

682)


        

904
408

000


        

500

000


        

763
547

598
215


        

956

549)


        

103

147


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by (used in) operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amortization
 and accretion recognized during an accounting period. As a noncash item
 the net amount is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including security deposits
 collateral for a current or future transactions
 initial payment of the cost of acquisition or for the right to enter into a contract or agreement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 classified as investing activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and such forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from (Payments for) Advances from Affiliates.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Warrants Issued for the year ended December 31
 2012 (Details)


          


          



Outstanding
.. at Dec. 31
 2011

413
430
        


        

425
112
        


        

333)
        


        

890
000)
        


Outstanding


 at Dec. 31
 2012

365
209
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as exchangeable shares. May be all or portion of the number of common shares authorized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as exchangeable shares. May be all or portion of the number of common shares authorized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

000


        

000


        

000
000


        

088


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

000
000


        

000


        

666
667


Company valued the 1
666
667 common stock warrants at

110


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

666
667 common stock warrants at as per agreement
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 Andrew Dahl
 is serving under the terms of an employment agreement dated
 December 16
 2011. Under the agreement Mr. Dahl serves as CEO for one year terms
 subject to automatic renewal
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days&#146; notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement. &nbsp;Mr. Dahl will be compensated as follows: &nbsp;he will receive an annual base salary of $240
000. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl is entitled to monthly bonus compensation equal to 2% of the Company&#146;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon identification of bio-active agents in the Company&#146;s product and filing of a patent with respect thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop &nbsp;medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2013
On May 1
 2013
 the Company
 through its legal counsel
 sent a notice to the landlord at 7740 E. Evans
 Scottsdale
 AZ that it expected a timely return of the $118
466 security deposit. &nbsp;On June 14
 2013
 the landlord filed a Complaint in the State Court of Arizona that the Company owed the landlord in excess of $210
000 in damages in addition to the $118
466 security deposit related to the property at 7740 E. Evans
 Scottsdale
 AZ. &nbsp;On July 24
 2013
 the Company filed an Answer and Counter Claim disputing the claim and asking the court for relief in the amount of $118
The Company does not carry workers&#146; compensation insurance
 which covers on the job injury.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000

617


        

000

879


        
        

859


        

000

355


        

250)

152)


        

750

203




        
          

        
          
            

 repairs
 rentals
 and service contract costs. This item also includes equipment purchases which do not qualify for capitalization in accordance with the entity's accounting policy. This item may also include furniture expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
 depreciable assets commonly used in offices and stores. Examples include desks
 chairs
 and store fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
 depreciable assets that are an addition or improvement to assets held under lease arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. This can include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation


        
The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &nbsp;Actual results could differ from those estimates. &nbsp;Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable


        
 For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2013
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.


        
Property and equipment consists of furniture
 office equipment
 and leasehold improvements
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
 generally five to seven years. &nbsp;Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend the economic life of an existing fixed asset are expensed as incurred


        
The authoritative guidance for fair value measurements defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or the most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are (i)&nbsp;independent
 (ii)&nbsp;knowledgeable
 (iii)&nbsp;able to transact
 and (iv)&nbsp;willing to transact. The guidance describes a fair value hierarchy based on the levels of inputs
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
Level 2 &#150; Inputs other than Level&nbsp;1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
The Company&#146;s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts payable
 loans payable
 obligations to issue common stock
The carrying amounts of cash and equivalents
 accounts payable
 loans payable
 obligation to issue common stock and customer deposits all approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments.


        
The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. &nbsp;These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. &nbsp;Amortization of deferred financing costs amounted to $30
122 and $13
722 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


        
We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset might not be recoverable. &nbsp;An impairment loss
 measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value
The Company believes its current assumptions and estimates are reasonable and appropriate; however
 unanticipated events and changes in market conditions could affect such estimates
 resulting in the need for an impairment charge in future periods.&nbsp; For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 no such events or circumstances occurred causing an impairment charge.


        
For revenue from product sales
 the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104
 &#147;Revenue Recognition&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 104&#148;)
 which superseded Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
 &#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 101&#148;). SAB No. 104 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management&#146;s judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers
 estimated returns and allowances
 and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company ceased the sales of its sole product in the fourth quarter of 2011
 and therefore recognized no provision for the years ended December 31
 2013 or December 31
 2012.


        
Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 no shipping and handling costs were incurred


        
Research Expenses
 consisting of salaries and equipment and related expenses incurred for product research studies conducted primarily within the Company and by Company personnel. Research expenses were approximately $41
000 and $137
000 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
Clinical Studies Expenses
 consisting of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent external entities. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $977
000 and $540
000 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


Income Tax
 Policy
The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2013 and 2012 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards are subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &#147;change in ownership&#148; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization


        
We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. &nbsp;The Company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. &nbsp;At the date of grant
During 2013 and 2012
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. &nbsp;As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $472
975 and $48
489 during the years ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#146;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee options.


        
Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per share is based on the treasury stock method and includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock such as shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of warrants and conversions of debentures. &nbsp;Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2013
 consisted of 36
290
424 common shares from convertible debentures and 17
100
539 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2012
 consisted of 18
698
000 common shares from convertible debentures and 16
900
539 common shares from outstanding warrants. &nbsp;&nbsp;Diluted and basic weighted average shares are the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.


        
Advertising/Public Relations costs are charged to operations when incurred. These expenses were $27
300 and $26
500 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively


        
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. &nbsp;The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) limit of $250
000 at times during the year. &nbsp;


Reclassification
 Policy
        


        
In July 2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued ASU No. 2012-02
(&#147;ASU 2012-02&#148;). ASU 2012-02 gives entities an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is&nbsp;impaired. If based on its qualitative assessment an entity concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount
 quantitative impairment testing is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 quantitative impairment testing is not required. ASU is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been adopted in the current period




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 7
 9
 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 9-15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Section 02
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 10
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7-15
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


Essex held in senior secured convertible debentures and secured convertible debentures in Wellness Indicators
 Inc

350
000


Essex
 along with other secured lenders held a total of secured debt

000
000


Upon the foreclosure and acquisition of all right 
 the Company purchased the Assets from Essex for a price

100
000


        

507


        

493


Based on the current market price of the stock at the time of issuance
 the Company recorded the issue of shares

577
565


        

159
904


        

884


        

491
281


        

000


        

391
281




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the Company recorded the issue of shares
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the Company recorded the issue of shares value
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Inc
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Inc
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the Company purchased the Assets from Essex for a price
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. and Subsidiaries&#146; (Health Enhancement Corporation
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
 WellMetris
 LLC
 and Zivo Biologic
 Inc.) (collectively the &#147;Company&#148;) business models are as follows: 1) to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal
 human and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers (currently
 the Company's focus is on research and identification of its bioactive ingredients and is not currently selling its product commercially)
 and 2) developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 and selling tests that the Company believes will allow people to optimize their health and identify future health risks. 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Discount of Convertible Debenture Payable current


280

542


Discount of long term Convertible Debenture Payable


159
189

692


        
        
        


        

000
000

000
000


        

852
093

317
816


        

852
093

317
816




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In September 2
 2010
 the Company executed a multi-year exclusive worldwide distribution agreement (&#147;Zus Agreement&#148;) regarding the ProAlgaZyme product (&#147;ProAlgaZyme&#148; or &#147;Product&#148;) with Zus Health
 LLC
 an international distributor of health and nutritional products (&#147;Zus&#148; or &#147;Distributor&#148;). This Agreement called for certain minimum payments subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. The Company new management team (from December 2011) had been assessing certain of the Company contractual relationships
 including the Zus relationship
 in the context of the regulatory environment in which they are currently operating. Based on this review
 the Company determined that Zus (as well as its purported assignee
 Ceptazyme
 LLC) had engaged in multiple material breaches of the Zus Agreement. &nbsp;On January 9
 2012
 a dispute arose when Zus Health attempted to assign its License Agreement to Ceptazyme. &nbsp;The Company notified Ceptazyme (i) that there was no agreement between the Company and Ceptazyme
 as the Company had not approved any assignment of the License Agreement by Zus Health to Ceptazyme and (ii) that
 even if there had been a valid assignment to Ceptazyme
 Ceptazyme had committed multiple material breaches of the agreement. &nbsp;The Company believed that Ceptazyme (i) failed to market the Company&#146;s product in a manner compliant with state and federal regulations
 and (ii) allowed its distributors to make claims and representations that were not in compliance with applicable regulations
 among many other breaches. &nbsp;As a result
 the Company filed a lawsuit in Michigan against Zus Health and Ceptazyme on January 16
 2012
 alleging breach of contract. &nbsp;Ceptazyme responded by filing suit in Utah against the Registrant on January 24
 2012
 also alleging
On June 12
 2013
 the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release of all Claims (the &#147;Settlement Agreement&#148;) with Ceptazyme
 LLC (&#147;Ceptazyme&#148;) and Zus Health
 LLC (&#147;Zus Health&#148;) resolving claims the parties brought against one another in connection with a license agreement between the Company and Zus Health dated September 2
 2010 (the &#147;License Agreement&#148;). &nbsp;Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement
As a result of this settlement
 the deferred revenue of $235
000 and customer deposits of $27
837 were recognized as other income.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2013
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

368
760
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

734
238




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
As compensation for joining the board of directors in January of 2012
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 200
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice (CFO and a Director) in January
 2012
 at an exercise price of $.12 per share.&nbsp; The warrants have a term of three years and vest as follows: 50
000 were vested on the grant date with the remainder vesting throughout 2012 on a quarterly basis. The warrants vested during the quarter ended March 31
 2012
 and each subsequent quarter
 were valued at $10
721 using the Black Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: volatility of 125.11%; annual rate of dividends 0%; and a risk free rate of 0.33%.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Rice will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
As compensation for joining the board of directors in June of 2012
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Brian Young. &nbsp;The warrants were granted with an exercise price of $.12 per share
 have a term of three years and vested as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date
 12
500 vested on September 30
 2012
 12
500 vested on December 31
 2012 and 12
500 vested on March 31
 2013. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $8
921 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 114.66%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.25%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Young will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to John Gorman (EVP and a Director) in November
 2012
 at an exercise price of $.12 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date
 12
500 vested on March 31
 2013 and the remaining 25
000 shall vest on quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $4
848 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 128.51%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.27%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Gorman will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice (CFO and a Director) in January
 2013
 at an exercise price of $.12 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $10
381 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 131.97%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.27%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Rice will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Thomas K. Cox in June
 2013
 at an exercise price of $.40 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $15
873 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 145.67%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.25%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Cox will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to John B. Payne in July
 2013
 at an exercise price of $.38 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $17
187 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 143.37%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.25%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Payne will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
As compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to John Gorman in November
 2013
 at an exercise price of $.36 per share. &nbsp;The warrants have a term of three years and vested or will vest as follows: 12
500 vested on the grant date and the remaining 37
500 shall vest quarterly (12
500 per quarter). &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $14
053 using the Black Scholes pricing model relying on the following assumptions: volatility 141.53%; annual rate of dividends 0%; discount rate 0.33%. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Gorman will receive $10
000 for each annual term served
The company recorded Directors Fees of $74
401 during the twelve months ended December 31
 2013
During the three months ended March 31
 2013
 an investor received 21
111 shares as part of a cashless exercise of 35
During the three months ended June 30
 2013
 investors received 1
191
181 shares as part of cashless exercises of 1
900
000 common stock warrants that had exercise prices at $.15. In addition the Company received proceeds of $85
000 from the exercise of 682
On April 15
 2013
 upon completion of funding on a $2
000
000
 11% convertible debenture
 the Company issued 600
000 shares of its common stock valued at $192
000 and 1
666
667 common stock warrants valued at $481
On April 30
 2013
 the Company Board of Directors awarded its Chief Financial Officer 557
000
 5 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.25 per share. These warrants were valued at $250
640 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.46 an expected volatility of 194.14% a five year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%. &nbsp;The Board of Directors resolution included quarterly 50
000
 5 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.25 per share. &nbsp;The Company issued 150
000 warrants for the 2
 quarters of 2013. &nbsp;These warrants were valued at $46
115 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.25 to .46 an expected volatility of 138.68 to 194.11% a five year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On July 1
 2013
 the Company Board of Directors granted a consultant to the Company 250
000
 5 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.33 per share. These warrants were valued at $87
510 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.36 an expected volatility of 190.15% a five year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On July 22
 2013
 the company issued 280
000
 3 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.12 per share. These warrants were valued at $108
390 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.43 an expected volatility of 146.36% a three year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
During the three months ended September 30
 2013
 the Company received proceeds of $548
000 from the issuance of 2
077
273 shares of common stock and the exercise of 50
During the three months ended September 30
 2013
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $50
During the three months ended September 30
 2013
 the Company issued 99
217 shares of its common stock valued at $40
802 and 858
936 common stock warrants valued at $356
304 using the Black Scholes method of valuation (see Note 7 &#150; Convertible Debt). We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 139.26%-147.03%
During the three months ended September 30
 2013
 the Company issued 2
577
565 shares of its common stock valued at $1
159
On November 11
 2013
 the Company granted a consultant to the Company 56
256
 5 year common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.39 per share. These warrants were valued at $64
941 using the Black Scholes valuation method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.28 an expected volatility of 166.98% a five year term
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
During the three months ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 229
597 shares of its common stock in return for cashless exercises of 450
During the three months ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 800
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $55
During the three months ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 1
250
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $150
During the three months ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 90
000 shares of its common stock valued at $32
310 and 250
000 common stock warrants valued at $75
507 using the Black Scholes method of valuation (see Note 7 &#150; Convertible Debt). We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 142.88%-143.44%
During the three months ended December 31
 2013
 the Company received proceeds of $256
500 from the issuance of 833
333 shares of common stock and the exercise of 33
On April 15
 2013
 the Company and Essex Angel Capital Inc. (&#147;Essex&#148;) entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 19
 2013). &nbsp;Essex held $1
350
000 in senior secured convertible debentures and secured convertible debentures in Wellness Indicators
 Inc. (&#147;Wellness&#148;)
 an Illinois based company. &nbsp;Essex
 along with other secured lenders held a total of $2
000
000 of secured debt. &nbsp;Essex foreclosed on certain assets
 consisting principally of intellectual property (the &#147;Assets&#148;)
 that secured Wellness&#146; obligation under the debentures. &nbsp;Upon the foreclosure and acquisition of all right
 title and interest in and to the Assets &nbsp;pursuant to its 1st perfected security interest in the Assets
 the Company purchased the Assets from Essex for $1
100
000
On August 19
 2013 (previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 20
 2013)
 the Company completed the acquisition from Essex of certain assets
 consisting principally of pending patents (the &#147;Assets&#148;) of Wellness. &nbsp;Essex held senior secured convertible debentures and secured convertible debentures in Wellness. &nbsp;Essex foreclosed and acquired all rights
The Company purchased the Assets from Essex for $1
100
000. &nbsp;$801
507 was paid in common stock with the remainder of $298
493 paid in cash. &nbsp;There were 2
577
565 shares of common stock issued
 valued at $0.31 per share. &nbsp;Based on the current market price of the stock at the time of issuance
 the Company recorded the 2
577
565 shares of common stock issued at $1
159
904. &nbsp;The Company also incurred an additional $32
884 in transaction costs
 for a total transaction cost of $1
491
281. &nbsp;The Company acquired both furniture and equipment
 along with 2 pending patents. &nbsp;The Company valued the furniture and equipment at $100
000 and the patent applications pending at $1
391
December 31
December 31
Outstanding
16
365
20
413
4
820
1
425
(2
785
(583
(1
500
(4
890
Outstanding
16
900
16
365
Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
3
439
3
426
7
152
7
152
1
300
1
300
477
477
3
782
3
732
350
350
250
250
50
12
50
25
50
37
16
900
16
763
039




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including
 but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts
 including the number of shares authorized and outstanding
 number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion
 and for other comprehensive income
 the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock
 if other than cost
 and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions
 such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle
 initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description
 terms
 and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables
 effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and
 for a period of at least ten years after the effective date
 the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

189
812

198


        

362

905


        

018
023

490


        

110
197

080
593


        

110
197)

080
593)


        
        
        


        

837
        


        

371
        


        

674
135)

729


        

464
516)

747)


        

122)

722)


        

821
630)

105)


        

226
009)

233)


        

477)

734)


        

985
681)

167
812)


        

095
878)

248
405)


        
        
        


        

214
131

399
795




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an entity's earning process). For financial services companies
 also includes investment and interest income
 and sales and trading gains.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During the fourth quarter of 2012
 Mr. Maggiore
 a significant shareholder
 advanced the Company $15
000. &nbsp;As of December 31
During the twelve months ended December 31
 2013
 Mr. Maggiore advanced the Company an additional $447
000. &nbsp;As discussed in Note 7
 this amount was reclassified into convertible debt attributed to HEP Investments
 LLC
 of which Mr. Maggiore is a member. As of December 31
 2013
During 2012
 the Venture Group loaned the Company $57
000. &nbsp;This money was related to the overall financing of $500
During 2012
 HEP Investments loaned the Company $184
592
 as part of its overall funding commitment of $2
000
000 as discussed in Note 7.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Definite-life intangible assets at December 31
December 31
December 31
14
8
6
The Company&#146;s definite-life intangible assets are being amortized
 upon being placed in service
 over 15 years
 the estimated useful lives of the assets
 with no residual value. Amortization expense was $6
234 and $967 for the years ended December 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 44
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On January 4
 2014 the Board of Directors reappointed Philip M. Rice II
 the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer
 as a director for a 1 year term. &nbsp;Mr. Rice received warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.37 per share for a term of three years
 vested at 12
500 per quarter. &nbsp;The terms of the appointment also includes a cash payment of $10
Subsequent to December 31
 2013
 the Company has received $206
250 in aggregate proceeds from shareholders upon the exercises of 1
650
Subsequent to December 31
 2013
 the Company has received proceeds of $100
000 from the issuance of&nbsp;500
On October 27
 2013
 the Company was notified that a significant stockholder and the holder of 1% Convertible Debentures of his intention to convert six (6) notes in the principal amount of $70
000 with various due dates and conversion prices
 into 950
On February 11
 2014
 the Company was notified that a significant stockholder and the holder of 1% Convertible Debentures of his intention to convert seven (7) notes in the principal amount of $70
600 with various due dates and conversion prices
 into 1
088
On February 18
 2014
 the Venture Group notified the Company that it would convert the remaining 11% Convertible Debenture of $350
000 into 2
916
667 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock. &nbsp;The interest due to Venture Group of $72
On March 17
 2014
 the Company and HEP Investments agreed to a 6 month extension of the $500
000 11% Convertible Debenture due on December 1
 2013. &nbsp;With this extension
 the 11% Convertible Debenture becomes due on June 1
 2014. &nbsp;Concurrently
 the Company and holder of the 1% Convertible Debentures agreed to a 6 month extension of the remaining Convertible Debentures. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The terms of the Convertible Debenture remain substantially the same. The Company determined that the modification of the HEP Investments Loan Agreement was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
 &#147;Modifications and Extinguishments




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
WellMetris
During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company formed WellMetris
 LLC
 a Delaware Limited Liability Company for the purpose of developing
 manufacturing and marketing a non-invasive urinary wellness test. WellMetris is 100% owned by Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. &nbsp;As discussed in Note 12 &#150; Stockholder&#146;s Deficiency
 Purchase of Assets
 the Company bought the Assets of Wellness from Essex. &nbsp;Concurrently
Zivo Biologic
During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company formed Zivo Biologic
 Inc.
 a Delaware Corporation
 for the purpose of manufacturing and commercialization of proprietary ingredients for non-medicinal animal health applications. Zivo Biologic is 100% owned by Health Enhancement Products
 Inc.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 systems integration and conversion costs
 and severance and other employee-related costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In accordance with FASB ASC 820
 &#147;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&#148;
 the following table represents the Company&#146;s fair value hierarchy for its financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
December 31
8
036
8
036
December 31
1
026
1
026
Level 3 financial instruments consist of certain embedded conversion features. &nbsp;The fair value of these imbedded conversion features are estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model. &nbsp;The Company adopted the disclosure requirements of ASU 2011-04

&#148;
The following table summarizes the changes in fair value of the Company&#146;s Level 3 financial instruments for the year ended December 31
December 31
December 31
1
026
528
5
335
1
004
1
674
(506
8
036
1
026
129




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15C
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 3
 10
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 32
 33
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 44A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17-22
 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Warrants Issued for the year ended Dec. 31
 2013 (Details)


          


          



Outstanding
 at Dec. 31
 2012

365
209
        


Issued


820
330
        


Exercised


785
000)
        


Expired


500
000)
        


Outstanding
.. at Dec. 31
 2013

900
539
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
HEP Investments
On December 2
 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (&#147;Lender&#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $2
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the initial principal amount of $600
000 (&#147;Note&#148;) and (iii) (a) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (b) an Intellectual Property security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in each case order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents. &nbsp;In addition
Amounts advanced under the Note are (i) secured by all the Company&#146;s assets
 (ii) convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.12 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market
 (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum and (iv) must be repaid as follows: &nbsp;accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note December 1
 2013. The Company issues a Note to the lender upon the advances matching an aggregate amount of $250
000. The Company has also agreed to a specified use of proceeds. &nbsp;The Note may be prepaid upon sixty days written notice
The Company has made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. &nbsp;These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&#146;s senior management
As of December 5
 2011
 the Lender had advanced the Company $600
000
 consisting of $500
000 in cash and $100
000 previously advanced by the Lender in connection with a transaction previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 12
 2011. &nbsp;&nbsp;The Lender has agreed to advance the remaining $1
400
000 in $250
000 increments (final increment of $150
000) upon request of the Company&#146;s CEO
 subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company has agreed to (i) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision)
 expiring September 30
 2016 and (ii) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $2
000
The Company recorded a debt discount of $500
000 against this transaction. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company recorded a derivative liability of $552
988. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. &nbsp;We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;volatility 151.45%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .27%. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company has recognized other income of $24
During 2012
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $500
000 on which the Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $500
000. This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: volatility of 140.93%-143.36%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .25%. In connection with the $500
000 in convertible notes
 the Company recorded non-cash finance charges of $16
During the fourth quarter of 2012
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $120
592. &nbsp;According to the terms of the agreement
 a threshold of $250
000 must be reached. &nbsp;Until this threshold is reached
 the differential of $184
On March 18
 2013
 the Company was advised of a Participation Agreement between HEP Investments and Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder of the Company
 whereby Mr. Maggiore has become a member of HEP Investments
 LLC. Accordingly
 loans made by Mr. Maggiore to the Company aggregating $462
000 ($15
000 at December 31
 2012 and $447
000 during the period January 1
 2013 through March 5
 2013) have been reclassified as loans payable to HEP Investments pursuant to the previously disclosed agreement entered into on December 2
 2011 to invest up to $2
000
000 in convertible notes. Upon this reclassification
 HEP Investments reached a $500
000 threshold and these advances were converted to convertible debt. &nbsp;The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $377
088. This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: volatility of 160.96%
Upon reaching a funding level of $2
000
000 the Company was obligated pursuant to the terms of the Note to issue 1
666
667 of its common stock warrants
 exercisable at $.12 per share and expiring on September 30
 2016&nbsp;as well as 600
000 shares of its common stock. The common stock was valued at $192
000 based on a closing share price on April 15
 2013 of $.32 per share. The Company valued the 1
666
667 common stock warrants at $481
110 using the Black Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;exercise price of $.12
 a market value of $.32
 a remaining term of 3.46 years
 volatility of 148.44%
On April 16
 2013
 the Company and Lender
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of April 15
 2013: (i) First Amendment to Loan Agreement and (ii) an Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note. These agreements modified the term of agreements the Company entered into with HEP Investments on December 2
 2011 as discussed above. Pursuant to the terms of the modified agreements the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $3
750
000 and extend the due date of each Note
 based on a $250
000 tranche
 to two years from the date it was issued. The Company determined that the modification of the HEP Investments Loan Agreement was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
As of April 16
 2013
 the Lender had advanced the Company $2
707
592. &nbsp;&nbsp;Amounts advanced under the Note are (i) secured by all the Company&#146;s assets
Under the terms of the First Amendment to Loan Agreement and the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note
The tranche between $2 million and $3 million must be funded within 20 days of the execution of the Note (April 15
 2013) in order for the Tranche to be convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.12 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market. &nbsp;&nbsp;If any amount less than $3 million is unfunded &nbsp;within &nbsp;the 20 day period
 then the Tranche in excess of $2 million is convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.22 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market. &nbsp;On August 1
 2013
 the Board of Directors authorized the Company to accept $281
000 received through May 10
The tranche between $3 million and $3.75 million must be funded within 90 days of the execution of the Note and is convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.22 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market. &nbsp;From the period July 1
 2013 through September 30
 2013
 HEP Investments funded an additional $592
408. &nbsp;On August 1
 2013 and September 16
 2013 the Board of Directors authorized the Company to accept an additional $592
On October 25
 2013 and December 19
 2013 the Board of Directors authorized the Company to accept an additional $750
000 of funding from HEP Investments with the conversion rate at $.30. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2013
 HEP Investments has funded a total of $4.05 million ($2
707
592 to be converted at $.12
 $592
408 to be converted at $.22 and $750
On December 16
 2013
 the Company and Lender
 entered into the Second Amendment to Loan Agreement effective as of December 16
 2013: This agreement modified the term of agreements the Company entered into with HEP Investments on December 2
 2011 as discussed above. Pursuant to the terms of the modified agreements the Lender has agreed to advance up to a total of $4
050
000. The Company determined that the modification of the HEP Investments Loan Agreement was not a substantial modification in accordance with ASC 470-50
Amounts advanced under the Note continue to be &nbsp;(i) secured by all the Company&#146;s assets
 (ii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum and (iii) must be repaid as follows: accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the $250
000 tranche and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Tranche (the Tranche of September 30
 2013 is funded at $300
000 with the same terms as described above). As of December 31
 2013
 there was accrued but unpaid interest due HEP Investments of $212
000 relating to $1
000
During the three months ended June 30
 2013
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $971
000. &nbsp;HEP Investments has reached a $1
000
000 threshold (including monies advanced during the three months ended March 31
 2013) and these advances have been converted into convertible debt. &nbsp;The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $1
000
000. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. This stock was valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 151.37%-153.70%
During the three months ended September 30
 2013
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $592
408. &nbsp;HEP Investments has reached a $3
300
000 threshold (including monies advanced since September 2011) and these advances have been converted into convertible debt. &nbsp;The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $800
000 during the quarter ended September 30
 2013. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. This stock was valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 139.26%-147.03%
During the three months ended December 31
 2013
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $750
000. &nbsp;HEP Investments has reached a $4
050
000 threshold and these advances have been converted into convertible debt. &nbsp;The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $648
663 during the quarter ended December 31
 2013. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. This stock was valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 133.07%-134.91%
As of December 1
 2013
 the first tranche of $500
000 11% Convertible Debenture became due. &nbsp;HEP Investments opted not to convert the debt into common stock and requested the Company extend the Tranche terms an additional 6 months. &nbsp;On March 17
 2014
 the Company and HEP Investments agreed to extend the terms of the 11% Convertible Debenture to June 1
On January 27
 2012
 the Company and The Venture Group
 LLC
 a Maryland limited liability company (&#147;Venture Group&#148;)
 entered into the following agreements
 effective as of January 26
 2012: (i) a Subscription Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance $500
000 to the Company
 as follows: &nbsp;$332
000 on January 26
 2012
 which advance has been made
 and $168
000 by February 3
 2012
 (ii) a Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of $500
000 (&#147;Note&#148;); (iii) (a) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a subordinated security interest in all of its assets and (b) an IP security agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a subordinated security interest in all its intellectual properties
 including patents
 to secure its obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents; and (iv) a Termination and Mutual Release Agreement under which the Company and Venture Group terminated their prior agreements and released each other from any liability
 including liabilities related to the financing agreements they previously executed (See Form 8-K Current Report dated December 2
 2011). In addition
 the Company and Oxford Holdings LLC entered into a Termination and Release Agreement under which the Company and Oxford Holdings
 LLC terminated their prior agreement and Oxford Holdings released the Company from any liability
 including liabilities related to the agreement they previously executed. &nbsp;The Company also acknowledged an intercreditor agreement between Venture Group and HEP Investments
 LLC
 the Company senior secured lender. &nbsp;As of September 30
 2013
 Venture Group completed its funding of $168
In addition
 the Company has agreed to issue the Lender warrants to purchase an aggregate of 833
333 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share
 for a term of three years from January 27
 2012. &nbsp;The Warrants are issuable to the Lender pro rata based on the amount invested in relation to the total investment amount (about 166
667 warrants per $100
000 invested). Accordingly
 1) for the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company recorded finance charges of $293
282 related to 553
112 warrants valued at $111
125 and excess finance charges of $182
157 relating to the $332
000 advanced as of that date; 2) for the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded finance charges of $108
390 related to 200
000 warrants. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company recorded excess finance charges of $311
405 relating to the issuance of 11% Convertible Debentures in the principal amount of $168
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;Amounts advanced under the Note are (i) secured on a subordinated basis by all the Company&#146;s assets
 (ii) convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at $.12 per share
 (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum (payable on the first and second anniversary of the Note (unless earlier paid off)
 in cash or stock
 at the Company&#146;s option)
 and (iv) unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note (January 27
 2014). &nbsp;The Company has agreed to pay the following aggregate fees to Oxford Holdings
 LLC in connection with the Loan transaction: (i) finder&#146;s fees of approximately $27
600 in cash
 (ii) warrants to purchase 200
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.15 per share for a term of two years
 and (iii) a $15
000 non-accountable expense allowance. &nbsp;In addition
 The Company has agreed to pay Venture Group $10
As a result of the completed funding the Company has issued an additional 280
000
 3 year common stock warrants exercisable at $.12 per share valued at $108
390. &nbsp;The warrants were valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: expected volatilities of 150.98%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of 0.32%. pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreement and Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note dated January 26
On October 30
 2013
 the Venture Group notified the Company that it would convert $150
000 of the $500
000 convertible debenture into 1
250
During the three months ended March 31
 2012
 1% Convertible Debentures in the amount of $47
During the three months ended June 30
 2012
 1% Convertible Debentures in the amount of $37
600 that matured
 as well as $70
December 31
December 31
1% Convertible notes payable
 net of unamortized discount of $5
546 &nbsp;and $45
300 respectively
375
440
11% Convertible note payable &#150; HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $2
235
217 &nbsp;and $517
542
 respectively
1
814
482
&nbsp;&nbsp;11% Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized discount of $29
707 &nbsp;and $178
393
 respectively
320
153
2
510
1
076
1
619
482
890
593
Amortization of the debt discount on all convertible debt was $1
464
515 and $668
747 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In connection with the funding agreement signed December 1
 2011 with HEP Investments
 LLC
 the Company recorded a derivative liability of $552
988. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. &nbsp;This derivative liability was valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.17
 expected volatility of 151.45% over the two year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .27%. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company has recognized other income of $24
422 representing the change in fair value of this derivative liability as of December 31
 2011. &nbsp;The derivative liability was marked to fair value at December 31
 2011 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.25
 a volatility of 151.49% over the remaining 1.92 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On April 4
 2012
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $496
375 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 143.36% over the remaining 1.66 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On May 8
 2012
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $507
916 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 140.93% over the remaining 1.57 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On December 31
 2012
 the Company valued the derivative liability at $1
026
128 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.19
 an expected volatility of 151.75% over the remaining 0.92 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .26%. The fair value of the derivative decreased by $506
729 which has been recorded in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31
On March 18
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $377
088 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.22
 an expected volatility of 160.96% over the remaining 0.71 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On April 10
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $616
040 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.35
 an expected volatility of 151.37% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On April 16
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $518
756 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.30
 an expected volatility of 151.72% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On April 29
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $856
410 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.47
 an expected volatility of 153.70% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On May 7
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $916
028 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.50 an expected volatility of 153.46% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On July 15
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $504
699 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.32 an expected volatility of 146.56% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On July 25
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $418
790 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.46 an expected volatility of 147.03% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On September 30
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $479
502 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.45 an expected volatility of 139.26% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On October 28
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $214
525 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.37 an expected volatility of 134.91% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On December 18
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $185
438 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.33 an expected volatility of 134.11% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On December 30
 2013
 in connection with the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds which entitled HEP Investments to additional shares of common stock
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $248
701 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.42 an expected volatility of 133.07% over the remaining 2.00 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
On December 31
 2013
 the Company valued the derivative liability at $8
036
239 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.39
 an expected volatility of 133.09% over the remaining contractual lives of the note ranging from 0.90-1.93 years
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .38%. The fair value of the derivative increased by $1
674
135 which has been recorded in the statement of operations for the twelve months ended December 31
 2013.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
As of December 31
 2012
 the Company was obligated to issue an aggregate of 1
740
698 shares of common stock valued at $337
478 to certain investors and Great Northern Reserve Partners
 LLC (&#147;GNRP&#148;)
 a former consultant (Andrew Dahl
 CEO of the Company
During the quarter ended June 30
 2013
 the Company issued 600
000 shares of common stock valued at $72
000 to HEP Investments
During the quarter ended September 30
 2013
 the Company issued 99
217 shares of common stock valued at $40
802 to HEP Investments
 LLC according to the terms of a Convertible Note in order to satisfy the remaining balance of $27
000. This transaction resulted in finance costs of $19
During the quarter ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 90
000 shares of common stock valued at $32
310 to HEP Investments
 LLC according to the terms of a Convertible Note in order to satisfy the remaining balance of $21
600. This transaction resulted in finance costs of $5
As of December 31
 2013
 the Company has reclassified its obligation to issue an aggregate of 1
385
320 shares of common stock valued at $277
064 to GNRP to accrued liabilities. This reclassification is the result of a Board Resolution passed on July 19
 2013 whereby the Company agreed to repay its debt to GNRP in cash rather than in common stock. &nbsp;




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

000
000


        

400
000


        
        


        
        


        

000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

401




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

000




        
          

        
          
            

 an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

290
424

698
000


        

100
539

900
539




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

988


        
        


Expected volatality.

        


        
        


Rate of dividend.
.
        


        
        


        

422


Closing stock price
.
        


Volatality percentage
.
        


Remaining Contractual Life of the note in years
.
        


        
        


Risk free rate per annum
.
        




        
          

        
          
            

.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            


              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
At December 31
 2013 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $21
000
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
At December 31
 2013 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $8
400
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. &nbsp;The difference between the Federal and State Statutory Rate of 40% and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate of 0% is due to a decrease in the valuation allowance of approximately $4
000
000 in 2013.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Tables)

        

      






Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
        


        
Property and equipment at December 31
December 31
December 31
20
51
80
112
151
100
316
(6
(303
93
13
203




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


1% Convertible notes payable
 net of unamortized discount of $5
546 and $45
300 respectively
 due at various dates

054

300


11% Convertible note payable - HEP Investments
 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $2
235
217 and $517
542
 respectively
 due at various dates

814
783

458


11% Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized discount of $29
707 and $178
393
 respectively
 due January 2014

293

608


        

510
130

076
366


        

619
319

458


        

464
515

747




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 LLC
 a related party
 net of unamortized discount of $2
235
217 and $517
542
 respectively
 due at various dates
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount of $29
707 and $178
393
 respectively
 due January 2014
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount of $5
546 and $45
300 respectively
 due at various dates
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

000
000


        

000


        

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          




          




          




          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2011

036
019

036

130
276

261
809)

031
497)


        
        
        

429
        

429


        

920
000

920

080
        

000


        

797
        
        
        
        


        

000
        

650
        

000


        
        
        

000
        

000


        
        
        

282
        

282


        
        
        
        

248
405)

248
405)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2012

317
816

318

448
705

510
214)

956
191)


Issuance of warrants to board of directors

        
        

226
        

226


        
        
        

749
        

749


Issuance of common stock and warrants pursuant to private placements


910
606

911

089
        

000


Cashless exercise of common stock warrants


441
889

442

442)
        
        


        

800
000

800

200
        

000


        

250
000

250

750
        

000


        

577
565

577

157
327
        

159
904


Exercise of common stock warrants


000
        

735
        

500


Discounts on convertible debentures

        
        

405
        

405


        
        
        

021
311
        

021
311


        

217
        

323
        

112


        
        
        
        

095
878)

095
878)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2013

852
093

852

895
378

606
092)

593
860)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Property and equipment at December 31
December 31
December 31
20
51
80
112
151
100
316
(6
(303
93
13
Depreciation and amortization was $19
453 and $73
843 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software. This disclosure may include property plant and equipment accounting policies and methodology
 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Total warrants at Dec. 31
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

439
438
        
        

426
938
        


        
        

152
097
        
        

152
097
        


        
        

300
000
        
        

300
000
        


        
        

004
        
        

004
        


        
        

782
000
        
        

732
000
        


        
        

000
        
        

000
        


        
        

000
        
        

000
        


        
        

000
        
        

500
        


        
        

000
        
        

000
        


        
        

000
        
        

500
        


Total warrants. at Dec. 31
 2013
        

900
539
        
        

763
039
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          



























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Term of three years
 vested at per quarter
        
        
        

500
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

650
000
        


        
        
        
        
        

000
        


        
        
        
        
        

250
        


        
        
        

600
        
        

000


        
        

916
667

088
000
        
        

000


        
        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested at per quarter
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Definite-life intangible assets at December 31
December 31
December 31
14
8
6
234




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may be broken down by segment or major class.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant

      
      

 Plant



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

234
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On May 10
 2012
 Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 2
400
000&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one shares of Common Stock (or 240
000 warrants in total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $300
000. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
During the quarter ended September 30
 2012
 Robert McLain
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 120
000&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 12
000 warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $15
During the quarter ended December 31
 2012
 Mr. McLain subscribed to the acquisition for 80
000&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 8
000 warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $10
During the quarter ended September 30
 2013
 Mr. Maggiore subscribed to the acquisition for 454
545&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 45
455 warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.22 for an aggregate purchase price of $100
During the quarter ended September 30
 2013
 Joseph Marsh
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 227
273&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 22
727 &nbsp;warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.22 for an aggregate purchase price of $50
The Board of Directors
 on April 30
 2013 approved the following compensation package for Philip M. Rice
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company: 1) For past services rendered from April 1
 2012 to March 31
 2013
 the Company will pay Mr. Rice $84
000 in cash (payable in quarterly installments)
 which had previously been accrued and which is included in accrued liabilities on the Company&#146;s balance sheet as of March 31
 2013; &nbsp;2) issue 557
000 warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 as a bonus incentive and; &nbsp;3) as of April 1
 2013
 Mr. Rice will receive a monthly salary of $17
000 and a quarterly issuance warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at the prevailing market price with a term of 5 years
 provided that the preceding quarterly and annual filings were submitted in a timely and complaint manner
 at which time such warrants would vest.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













