

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-13-000519
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130325
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001101026
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				870699977
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30415
		FILM NUMBER:		13713624
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 WEST SQUARE LAKE RD
		CITY:			BLOOMFIELD HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(248) 452 9866
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 WEST SQUARE LAKE RD
		CITY:			BLOOMFIELD HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48302
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTERN GLORY HOLE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991215






















 2012






Health Enhancement Products
 Inc.













7 West Square Lake Rd.
 Bloomfield Hills
 MI 48302













Common Stock
 par value $.001 per share 



 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 






 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 



 if any
 every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 



 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. &nbsp;See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer
&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one).


















 2012 by non-affiliates of the issuer was $17
364
153 based on the closing price of the registrant&#146;s common stock on such date.


 2013
 there were 105
338
927 shares of $.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding




HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC.
































Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



































&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.


























 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. These statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause our or our industry&#146;s actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to statements regarding: 



















 you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as &#147;may
 &nbsp;will
 should
 could
 would
 expects
 plans
 anticipates
 believes
 estimates
 projects
 predicts
 potential&#148; and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors that may cause our actual results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties
 you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also
 these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Except as otherwise required by law
 we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained in this report to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events
 conditions or circumstances on which any of our forward-looking statements are based. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 














 1983
 under the name of &#147;L. Peck Enterprises
 Inc.&#148; On May 27
 1999
 we changed our name to &#147;Western Glory Hole
 Inc.&#148;. &nbsp;From 1990 until October 2003
 we had no business operations; we were in the development stage and were seeking profitable business opportunities. &nbsp;On October 30
 2003
 we acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of Health Enhancement Corporation (HEC) in exchange for 9
000
000 of our post-split shares
 making HEC our wholly-owned subsidiary. In connection with this transaction
 we changed our name to Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. (HEPI). 


 which consisted of a laboratory and production facility
 and hired production staff. Since establishing production
 we attempted to sell the product through a variety of channels as a human dietary supplement. 


 we established HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. as our wholly owned subsidiary (HEPI Pharma). The purpose of HEPI Pharma was to develop potential pharmaceutical applications for our primary product
 ProAlgaZyme&#174; (PAZ).


 in place since December 2011
 determined our sole focus for the near term was to move forward with a research-based product development program. &nbsp;Over the course of 2012
 we engaged fully in such activities
 all as more fully explained herein. &nbsp;Prior to this
 we sold the branded ProAlgaZyme product in both the retail and wholesale markets. Having suspended the business of selling the branded ProAlgaZyme product at the start of 2012
 we are implementing a business model under which we would derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients that may be derived from or are initially based on ProAlgaZyme&#174; algae cultures. We expect that these planned new products will likely be sold to much larger
 better-financed animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. &nbsp;The anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 and b) bulk sales of such ingredients. These bulk ingredients will likely be made by contracted ingredient manufacturers and then sold by us to animal food
 dietary supplement and medical food processors and/or name-brand marketers.


 2011
 we entered into a capital funding agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan entity that agreed to lend the Company $2
000
000 in return for convertible notes. Through March 5
 2013
 we had received $1
648
592 of the aggregate $2 million commitment. See Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. &nbsp;As a condition to the funding
 the Lender required that a new management team be retained. Following the retention of new management
 the Company moved its administrative and management functions to Michigan. The Arizona operation will be devoted entirely to culture production and maintenance.


 we entered into an additional $500
000 funding agreement (as convertible notes) with Venture Group Investments
 LLC
 a Maryland entity. &nbsp;Through March 5
 2013
 we had received $389
000 of the aggregate $500
000 commitment. &nbsp;See Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.




 the Company has been able to generate only nominal sales of our sole product
 ProAlgaZyme&#174;. In September of 2010
 we signed an exclusive distribution agreement with Zus Health
 LLC to sell our product in the multilevel marketing and retail channels. &nbsp;This exclusive distribution agreement called for an initial option payment of $255
000 (received &nbsp;in October of 2010) and committed the distributor to successively larger monthly orders which in turn obliged the Company to ramp up production of the ProAlgaZyme&#174; product to meet anticipated demand
 subject to satisfaction of certain conditions on the part of both the Company and the distributor. In 2010
 we recognized $5
000 in revenue from this distribution agreement
 and recorded deferred revenue of $250
000 which represented the balance of the initial option payment. &nbsp;In 2011
 we recognized $15
000 in revenue from this agreement. The arrangement did not generate the anticipated revenues and it was not feasible to expand capacity in the face of limited demand
 delays in payment and erratic order history.


 beginning in 2012
 we implemented a new business model under which we expect to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from ProAlgaZyme&#174;&#146;s algae cultures to animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. &nbsp;







 we intend to approach potential customers in the following market verticals. &nbsp;The products described throughout this document are still in the development stage
 and subject to development risk.




 the condition affects 10% of the U.S. dairy herd at any one time
 costing producers approximately $1
100 per case. In the U.S. alone
 production losses are near $3 billion. 


 licensing the isolated bioactive molecules to a pharmaceutical or drug development company for synthetic development as a prescribed drug for production animal applications.


 also known as shipping fever. BRDC typically occurs when beef cattle are shipped from the ranch to the feedlot prior to processing. According to the American Association of Beef Producers
 beef producers attribute a 30% loss in weight to BRDC &#150; a $10 billion problem in the U.S. alone. The Company is planning to conducti a field study with amplified algae culture.


 but estimates are difficult to obtain. The Company intends to sell its product as an exclusive ingredient to larger
 well-established and profitable brand-names in the pet industry
 negotiating an upfront license fee.


 the isolated bioactive molecules found in the amplified algae product can be licensed to a pharmaceutical company for development as a synthetic prescription drug. The Company expects that the process of developing and testing such a drug could take years. &nbsp;Therefore
 as is common practice
 the Company intends to negotiate a reasonable upfront licensing fee
 milestone payments and finally a steady stream of royalties in the future. The other revenue streams generated by feed and supplement sales may begin to be realized in 2013.




 functional foods
 or health foods
 represent an estimated $20 billion business in the US and a $40 billion business in Europe. The Middle East
 although significantly smaller
 is growing at a rate of 12-14% annually
 followed closely by the newly-affluent in China and India. These foods typically are processed products that contain one or more staple foods augmented with a variety of performance-enhancing ingredients.


 we would be able to conduct a safety study in roughly 90 days and a GRAS self-affirmation in another 90 days
 which would allow us to begin marketing licenses for its bioactive compaounds or algal biomass. &nbsp;In this connection
 we plan to pursue licensing agreements and contract out the production of our natural compounds whenever possible. This will allow the Company to scale-up production rapidly in anticipation of market demand. Companies that have been attempting to market a healthful beverage would be able to integrate the ingredient into one or more of their product lines and
 subject to further testing and compliance with applicable regulations
 promote the benefits of healthy cholesterol balance.


 we intend to enter the food market with a healthy joint/muscle recovery ingredient as soon as it clears the necessary regulatory hurdles. Once again
 the timeframe is difficult to predict because of the uncertainty in attracting capital. &nbsp;We are required to conduct at least one (1) more human safety study in order to convene a scientific review panel and seek GRAS (










 Omega-3 fish oil
 resveratrol
 saw palmetto and similar supplements attests to the American public&#146;s obsession with &#145;natural&#146; products. The dietary supplement business is a $28 billion industry in the U.S. alone
 and twice that the world over. 


 we will endeavor to private-label the compound for larger
 established marketers and retailers. If we are able to accomplish this
 we believe this is a more efficient use of capital and resources while still retaining control of the intellectual property
 the manufacturing process and pricing decisions. We do not intend to be placed in a position where our premier product application is commoditized and we must compete on price. 




 during or after various medical procedures
 including surgery
 chemotherapy
 radiation therapy and physical therapy. At times
 medicinal foods are used to augment the effects of prescription drugs. These medicinal foods are expensive and typically reimbursed by health insurers.


 but the standards are less stringent than pharmaceutical applications. &nbsp;Once again
 under our new business model
 if we are able to produce a commercial product in this area
 we will endeavor to enter into a private-label arrangement with a larger strategic partner to produce and distribute this product application.




 the process for developing a new prescription drug is costly
 complex and time-consuming. It is an undertaking well beyond our current reach and one that may take years to achieve. We will likely seek a partnership with a co-developer that will share in the risk and expense of the initial development process
 and then share in any royalties resulting from the licensing or sale of any synthetic molecule and its homologs we are able to develop and license. 








 Omega-3 and antioxidants are made and marketed in a fiercely competitive
 price-sensitive market environment. Proprietary products offered by some marketers are often dogged by unsubstantiated claims of product efficacy or present potential product safety issues
 which in turn draw the attention of regulators. The optimal position for a supplement and ingredient maker is when pricing power can be exerted through well-protected intellectual property and further backed by well-documented safety and efficacy claims.


 Cognis
 ConAgra
 Cargill and Nestle
 each of which have active M&amp;A efforts
 large scientific staffs and generous R&amp;D budgets to develop supplements and ingredients for a wide range of applications. However
 we intend to approach these very same competitors as potential strategic partners
 in order to leverage their specific expertise in certain food and supplement categories where a mutually beneficial relationship can be struck. &nbsp;There can be no assurance that this strategy will be effective.



 the companion animal dietary supplement segment
 and specifically joint health
 &nbsp;is made up almost exclusively of chondroitin/glutathione supplements
 which have dominated that segment for more than a decade. This $360 million segment represents a potentially lucrative opportunity to introduce a completely new product if we are able to demonstrate superior benefits and produce a product at a comparable price. 







 the animal health market as it pertains to mastitis in dairy cows
 and specifically feed ingredients that exhibit beneficial properties
 has been largely in the realm of yeast-based products. Only recently has there been a focus on algae-based alternatives
 as promoted by Alltech with its $200 expansion of an algae facility in Kentucky. In the U.S.
 feed ingredients cannot be promoted using any form of health claim
 and dietary supplements for production animals are non-existent. However
 outside the U.S.
 the use of dietary supplements is widespread
 and we intend to market our refined ingredients to a worldwide market in partnership with a global brand name.




 including algae
 from which ProAlgaZyme&#174; is derived
 and these source materials are held in growing environments at our facility and elsewhere. We are using these materials for research and development purposes only. &nbsp;Other raw materials used in the proprietary production process for ProAlgaZyme&#174; are readily available commercially
 and we do not believe that there is any risk of interruption or shortage of supply of these materials. &nbsp;We have also contracted a well-known research facility where we have cryopreserved a broad sampling of our cultures. &nbsp;




 we have readjusted the business model to focus in the near term on research and development in order to license our product and technology to third parties. &nbsp;At this time
 there are no customers providing any revenue.




 using dedicated laboratory facilities at our own premises and with qualified technical staff.&nbsp; At this time
 we are only manufacturing the product for purposes of research and development programs that are currently underway.




 we have secured a patent and federal trademark registrations in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (&#147;USPTO&#148;) as described below: 



807
622 relates to the Registrant&#146;s sole product
 ProAlgaZyme&#174;. &nbsp;The title of the patent is: Composition and use of phyto-percolate for treatment of disease. &nbsp;This invention relates generally to a method of preparation of a phyto-percolate that is derived from fresh water mixture including algae. The invention further relates to the potential use of the phyto-percolate in a variety of disease states. &nbsp;This patent was filed on November 30
 2006 and has a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date (which can be extended via Patent Term Adjustment and Patent Term Extension). The initial term would expire on November 30
 2026. &nbsp;



229
753) which registered on April 17
 2007. This trademark's registration will remain in force for six years from the registration date and then can be renewed for additional 5 and then 10 year periods.


 trade names
 service marks
 and the like which will continue as long as we use those respective marks.








 await examination or are in process:










7
807
622





Examiner&#146;s Report Issued
 Application must be in condition for acceptance by 5/12/13



2
631
773





Examination in progress
 response to Examiner&#146;s Report issued



12/897
574





12/947
684
Second Office Action received
 final deadline for response of 3/20/13




2
780
144






















12/067
735
Second Office Action received
 response entered 4/22/13




National Phase entered 8-22-12 (US
 JP
 MX)
















SN 13/580
471














 our product(s) are subject to extensive governmental regulations. &nbsp;In the United States
 these laws
 regulations and other constraints exist at the federal
 state and local levels and at all levels of government in foreign jurisdictions. The majority of these regulations directly relate to (1) the formulation
 clinical testing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 sale and storage of our product(s) and (2) product claims and advertising
 including claims and advertising by us
 as well as claims and advertising by distributors for which we may be held responsible.










 the formulation
 testing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 storing
 labeling
 promotion
 advertising
 distribution and sale of our product(s) are subject to regulation by various governmental agencies
 primarily (1) the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and (2) the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). &nbsp;Our activities also are regulated by various agencies of the states and localities and foreign countries in which our product(s) are manufactured
 promoted
 distributed and sold. The FDA
 in particular
 regulates the formulation
 manufacture and labeling of conventional foods
 dietary ingredients and dietary supplements (or nutraceuticals).


 drugs
 cosmetics and medical devices in the United States. &nbsp;To the extent that we manufacture finished product(s) for sale to consumers (and in certain other limited circumstances where we sell our product as an ingredient)
 FDA regulations require us to comply with current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) regulations for the preparation
 packing and storage of dietary supplements. &nbsp;This is a complex series of regulations that have posed significant compliance challenges to the supplement industry. &nbsp;&nbsp;To the extent that we supply our product(s) as ingredients for the use in foods or nutraceuticals
 we would be required to comply with cGMP regulations for foods
 as well as the provisions of the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 which require all companies involved in the production of food and food ingredients to develop and implement a Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) program.


 Drug and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA) by recognizing &#147;dietary supplements&#148; as a distinct category of food and
 we believe
 is generally favorable to the dietary supplement industry. &nbsp;The legislation grandfathered
 with some limitations
 dietary ingredients that were on the market before October 15
 1994. &nbsp;A dietary supplement that contains a dietary ingredient that was not on the market before October 15
 1994 will require evidence of a history of use or other evidence of safety establishing that it is reasonably expected to be safe. &nbsp;To the extent that we offer for sale unique
 proprietary ingredients we will be required to file with FDA evidence supporting the conclusion that we have a &#147;reasonable expectation&#148; that they will be safe for human consumption when used as directed. &nbsp;FDA recently published an &#147;Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking&#148; which the nutraceutical industry believes will substantially increase the level of evidence required to satisfy the &#147;reasonable expectation&#148; standard.


 truthful and non-misleading statements of nutritional support to be made in labeling
 such as statements describing general well-being from consumption of a nutraceutical ingredient or the role of a nutrient or dietary ingredient in affecting or maintaining structure or function of the body. &nbsp;A company making a statement of nutritional support must possess adequate substantiating scientific evidence for the statement
 disclose on the label that the FDA has not reviewed the statement and that the product is not intended to mitigate
 treat
 cure or prevent disease
 and notify the FDA of the statement within 30 days after its initial use. &nbsp;To the extent we produce finished product for use by consumers as nutraceuticals
 we will be required to comply with these provisions of DSHEA. &nbsp;




 this category of products is subject to the Nutrition
 Labeling and Education Act (NLEA) and regulations promulgated under the NLEA. The NLEA regulates health claims
 ingredient labeling and nutrient content claims characterizing the level of a nutrient in the product. The ingredients added to conventional foods must either be generally recognized as safe by experts (GRAS) or be approved as food additives under FDA regulations. 


 which exercises jurisdiction over the advertising of our product
 has for years instituted enforcement actions against companies marketing supplements for alleged false
 misleading or unsubstantiated advertising of some of their products. &nbsp;The FTC has specific guides for advertising claim substantiation as well as for the use of testimonials. &nbsp;As a general matter
 companies making health related claims for their products or ingredients are required to possess well designed human clinical studies supporting such claims at the time they are made. &nbsp;Enforcement actions have often resulted in consent decrees and significant monetary payments by the companies involved. In addition
 the FTC has increased its scrutiny of the use of testimonials which we have and may in the future utilize.




 we may be required to obtain an approval
 license or certification from the relevant country's ministry of health or comparable agency. &nbsp;This would hold true for jurisdictions such as Canada
 the European Union
 Japan
 Australia and New Zealand. &nbsp;The approval process generally requires us to present each product and product ingredient to appropriate regulators for review of data supporting safety as well as substantiating any claims we may desire to make. &nbsp;&nbsp;We would also be required to comply with product labeling and packaging regulations that vary from country to country. Our failure to comply with these regulations could prevent our product(s) from being legally offered for sale. &nbsp;









 also known as Proposition 65
 provides that no person in the course of doing business shall knowingly discharge or release a chemical known to the state to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity into water or into land where such chemical passes or probably will pass into any source of drinking water
 without first giving clear and reasonable warning. &nbsp;Among other things
 the statute covers all consumer goods (including foods) sold in the State of California. &nbsp;Prop. 65 allows private enforcement actions (sometimes called &#147;bounty hunter&#148; actions). &nbsp;Reports indicate that over 100 such actions have been commenced annually over the past 3 years against companies in the nutraceutical industry (e.g.
 lead content of calcium
 lead content of ginseng
 PCB in fish oil) alleging that their products are contaminated with heavy metals or other compounds that would trigger the warning requirements of the Act. &nbsp;While we take appropriate steps to ensure that our products are in compliance with the Act
 given the nature of this statute and the extremely low tolerance limits it establishes (well below federal requirements)
 there is a risk that we
 our contracted producer or a licensee could be found liable for the presence of miniscule amounts of a prohibited chemical in our product. &nbsp;Such liability could be significant.




 we will produce research-only feedstock for chemical analysis
 safety studies and efficacy studies compliant with applicable state and federal regulations. However
 we will rely on our research partners to conduct their respective R&amp;D programs in a manner compliant with applicable regulation and law. Once a product concept has been fully developed
 we intend to manufacture that product
 either internally or on a contract basis. In either case
 we intend to adhere to all state and federal regulations relative to the safety and efficacy of the product application
 as well as relevant regulations covering the safe and consistent manufacture of that product.






 beginning in 2004. In spring of 2009
 we contracted with the consulting firm of Great Northern &amp; Reserve Partners
 LLC
 which undertook a research and development process with a view to fractioning the existing product into much smaller
 concentrated groups of molecules with similar physical properties. These groups were then tested 


 2011 we terminated the agreement with Great Northern and Reserve Partners. &nbsp;Andrew Dahl
 the principal partner of Great Northern and Reserve Partners was simultaneously hired as our CEO. &nbsp;As such
 we are now developing our research programs internally and directing outside research companies. &nbsp;We spent approximately $677
000 for the year ended December 31
 2012 on research and development
 as compared to $378
000 in 2011. Of the $677
000
 $137
000 was spent on internal research
 mainly involving in-house testing and development of the ProAlgaZyme&#174; product (both &#147;in vitro&#148; and &#147;in vivo&#148; testing)
 and $540
000 was spent on external research
 mainly to independent facilities involved in the analysis of our bioactive ingredient. To date
 all of these amounts have been directly expensed as they have been incurred.








 the Company moved forward with the following R&amp;D activities:


 study utilizing primary bovine mammary epithelial cells at the University of Wisconsin &#150; Madison that will allow the Company to conduct a hundred or more tests with confidence that the results will be consistent
 repeatable and credible. The first flight of cultured cells was exposed to mastitis-related infective agents and synthetic inflammatory agents
 for which a baseline reaction has been established. Subsequently
 Company test samples and control agents will be tested and compared in March
 2013.




 non-saline chemical extraction methods and a molecular weight cut-off approach that allows the refined algal suspension to be filtered into different molecular weight categories without altering the bioactive compound(s) present with reagents or solvents. A contract was executed with MRI Global
 a contract research organization
 to conduct these experiments
 which do not involve the introduction of salt or phosphates into the test samples



 testing has been tested and established at SBH Sciences
 Inc.
 where preliminary tests were conducted in December 2012. A subsequent in vitro performed in February
 2013 yielded statistically significant results.


 which commenced such testing in mid-February
 2013.


 but also testing the method of isolation and then validating that the isolated molecules retain their bioactivity across a select range of human and animal cell lines
 and that these molecules exhibit no deleterious effects before they are introduced into humans or animals during in vivo studies. We must ensure that this does not occur occasionally
 it is required for every production process
 every safety validation process and every intended application
 such as a canine dietary supplement that&#146;s mixed with food
 as opposed to a canine dietary supplement that&#146;s administered in the form of a chewable caplet. The data forms the basis for establishing the value of a license agreement. Therefore
 every single license that we hope to issue requires its own data set and safety validation for the specific application being licensed. It is the core of the intellectual property that is being licensed.




 the culturing process is costly
 time-consuming and inconsistent
 yielding a product that we do not believe is commercially viable despite its health claims. Management intends to keep the grow facility intact long enough to extract and identify the bioactive compound(s) and then develop a wholly new production method.


 dependable stream of testing samples from the Scottsdale grow facility
 each exhibiting the same level of potency and dissolved organic solids. The production/harvest method can be likened to traditional crop farming
 where the yield and the quality of a crop can vary from season to season based on a host of known and unknown variables. 


 a new strategy was developed to spread the risk of research and product development across a broader range of applications and market verticals
 instead of just focusing on a highly refined isolate responsible for healthy cholesterol balance and the promise of a synthetic development program for a pharmaceutical application.


 which would naturally contain the beneficial compound(s); b) a more refined extraction which could be introduced into animal feed or supplements; c) the isolated natural molecule(s) which could be more appropriate for human consumption in food or supplements; and d) the synthetic version of any such natural molecule(s) which would be licensed to drug development companies or joint-ventured with a Contract Research Organization (CRO) in risk-sharing arrangements.








 the Company contracted several experts in the field to coordinate isolation of the different organisms present in the culture
 grow each of them separately and then subject them to the same life-cycle stressors as the original culture. The stated goal is to grow algae in bulk as a direct source of micro-nutrition and feed ingredient for production animals
 namely beef cattle and dairy cows
 as well as companion animal dietary supplementation. &nbsp;The production capability would be licensed to others. Per the business model
 the Company has no intention of fielding a finished product
 but rather empowering its licensees to strike supply agreements with larger
 better-financed brand names or licensing directly with such brand names. There can be no assurance that commercially viable products will be developed
 or that they can be successfully and profitably manufactured and marketed.




&quot; and the &quot;active ingredient&quot; that aim to identify the single molecule or molecules
 if possible
 responsible for the potential cholesterol and anti-inflammatory benefits the company's testing has identified. Substantial time
 money
 and effort have been expended in this regard. We believe that we are making substantial progress towards achieving these hoped-for results
 but more confirmatory studies and scale-up experiments are still needed. &nbsp;&nbsp;Subject to the availability of sufficient funding
 we estimate that we will
 in fiscal 2013
 be required to expend in excess of $2
000
000 on research and subsequent product development. &nbsp;These expenditures will need to be met from external funding sources. In the past
 we have had difficulty raising funds from external sources. Thus
 we may not be able to raise the funding required to continue our research and development activities. In the event that these sources are not available or adequate to meet our research needs
 we will be unable to pursue our research activities
 in which case
 our ability to substantiate the accumulated intellectual property with objective clinical support for its characterization
 method of action and efficacy will continue to be impeded
 thereby severely hindering our ability to generate licensing revenue (or otherwise commercialize our products) and adversely affect our operating results.


 we will continue our current research program with our research partners
 we will expand our investigations to include various experts and consultants on an as-needed basis and explore new product concepts and applications. Our current contracts with our research partners cover the following activities:









 mass spectroscopy
 nuclear magnetic resonance
 gas chromatography and X-Ray crystallography
 among other such methods





 we intend to ask our research partners to submit proposals to undertake the following efforts:















 anti-inflammatory properties and autoimmune modulation. Once these compound or compounds are identified
 we intend to develop products for three specific market verticals. As is the case in this highly regulated industry
 a significant amount of development work will be focused on meeting state and federal standards. The marketing and sale of all future products is subject to compliance with applicable regulations.










 animal health represents a bona fide opportunity to address a global market in a relatively short timeframe. We intend to address the opportunity with a canine dietary supplement that can be offered in three forms: a compressed algal biomass ingredient brought to market in the US by amplifying the algae culture; an extract composed of algal lipids
 amino acids and polysaccharides; a highly refined extract composed primarily of the bioactive compound(s). This would be followed by a production animal feed ingredient in the same three forms for consumption by cattle
 swine and sheep. In a dairy cow application
 the highly refined extract may also be administered as an intubation product
 which will require additional testing and safety studies.




 we intend to market our bioactive compound(s) to food processors or ingredient makers who will partner with us to develop specific applications for certain product categories such as health drinks
 sports beverages or functional foods. Our development activities will be focused on developing ways and means to make our bioactive compound(s) easy to handle and stable when mixed with other foods
 ingredients or additives.




 our strategy is to offer our bioactive compound(s) to supplement makers and marketers
 who will incorporate our compound(s) into product lines branded and marketed by others
 or develop an application to introduce our compound(s) as an ingredient in another dietary supplement.




 we granted the Zus Health
 LLC (&#147;Distributor&#148;) the exclusive right to distribute ProAlgaZyme to customers and distributors worldwide
 excluding pharmaceutical applications and food
 supplement
 and medicinal ingredient applications outside of multilevel
 network or affiliate marketing (&#147;MLM&#148;). We reserved the right to market and sell isolates and natural and synthetic derivatives of ProAlgaZyme in pharmaceutical and ingredient applications outside of MLM. The Zus Agreement prohibits us from selling ProAlgaZyme for the benefit of customers and distributors worldwide
 other than for pharmaceutical and ingredient applications. We are also prohibited from selling any product in the MLM market. As executed
 the Zus Agreement would have remained in effect until the expiration of the last patent with respect to the Product
 subject to earlier termination as provided in the Zus Agreement. 


 guaranteed monthly minimum shipments and payments were to commence in December of 2010
 subject to the conditions set forth in the Zus Agreement
 including the ProAlgaZyme Product (a) meeting the Food and Drug Administration&#146;s &#147;generally recognized as safe&#148; (&#147;GRAS&#148;) standard or (b) receiving &#147;New Dietary Ingredient&#148; (&#147;NDI&#148;) status from the FDA. We believe that the Distributor was obligated under the terms of the Agreement to satisfy one or more of these conditions
 as it was responsible for all decisions and actions regarding regulatory matters relating to or involving the marketing
 sale and use of the Product for the licensed use. However
 neither of these conditions has been satisfied by the Distributor; consequently
 guaranteed monthly minimum shipments and payments have never commenced.


 synthetic and natural derivatives or products naturally derived from ProAlgaZyme for specific applications outside MLM that are branded by and resold to third parties
 such as prescription products/ingredients.


 we believe that Zus (as well as its purported assignee
 Ceptazyme
 LLC) have engaged in multiple material breaches of the Zus Agreement and subsequently
 we notified Zus and Ceptazyme that we were terminating the Zus Agreement due to failure to cure specified breaches of such Agreement. In addition
 we have filed a legal action in Michigan against Zus (as well as its purported assignee) alleging multiple breaches of contract. Ceptazyme
 LLC subsequently filed an action in Utah against us
 also alleging breach of contract. &nbsp;Zus has not specified any monetary damages in its action. &nbsp;(See Item 3
 Legal Proceedings)




 in all material respects
 in compliance with local
 state
 and federal environmental laws applicable to our production and waste disposal
 and we have prepared appropriate documentation as to our current operational procedures
 standards
 and guidelines in order to comply with applicable environmental laws. The cost of this compliance activity to date has not been material
 and has been absorbed within our general operations overhead.










 2012 we had three full-time employees
 positioned as follows: one employee in executive management
 one employee in business development
 marketing
 sales and support services
 and one employee in research and production. In addition
 we have three part-time people acting on a consulting basis as our Chief Financial Officer
 Chief Science Officer and Director of Business Development. We believe that our employee relations are good. No employee is represented by a union. 



. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Form&nbsp;10-K and should not be considered part of this report or any other filing we make with the SEC. We file annual
 quarterly and current reports
 and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. &nbsp;&nbsp;Our filings with the SEC can be viewed at www.sec.gov.



Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an opinion on our consolidated financial statements which states that the consolidated financial statements were prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern and further states that our recurring losses from operations
 stockholders&#146; deficit and inability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations and sustain our operations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. &nbsp;

Unless and until we realize licensing and royalty revenues sufficient to cover our expenses
 we will be reliant upon external sources to fund our continued operations. There is no guarantee that this funding will continue. If we are unable to raise additional funds
 there will be a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.



The ability to market our product is dependent upon proven
 clinical research. 
 there is no guarantee that the research will successfully achieve this goal. If our current research does not return the results we expect
 our business prospects will be materially and adversely affected. 

Nutraceutical and animal supplement products
 although not subject to FDA approval
 must follow strict guidelines in terms of production and advertising claims. Our ability to produce and successfully market our product is dependent upon adhering to these requirements. &nbsp;If we fail to comply with applicable government regulations concerning the production and marketing of our product
 we could be subject to substantial fines and penalties
 which would have a material adverse effect on our business.

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property
 we may suffer a competitive disadvantage or incur substantial litigation costs to protect our rights. 

We have a history of losses
 we expect to continue to incur losses and we may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. &nbsp;
 if and when we do become profitable
 we will sustain profitability. If we are ultimately unable to generate sufficient revenue to meet our financial targets
 become profitable and have sustainable positive cash flows
 investors could lose their investment.

We compete with a wide range of established companies in a variety of different markets
 all of whom have substantially greater name recognition and resources than we do. We face or will face other specialized competitors if we are able to expand into new vertical markets. These competitors may be more efficient and successful than we are. &nbsp;If we fail to compete successfully
 our operating results and financial condition will be materially adversely affected.

The future success of our business depends upon our ability to meet regulatory requirements for the sale of our products. Increased enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 as well as any laws
 regulations
 or changes that may be adopted or implemented in the future
 could limit our ability to market our products.






Our success depends in part upon the continued service of our senior management personnel. Our success will also depend on our future ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical
 managerial and marketing personnel. The market for qualified personnel has historically been
 and we expect that it will continue to be
 intensely competitive. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be successful in attracting or retaining such personnel. The loss of certain key employees or our inability to attract and retain other qualified employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.

In recent years
 there has been significant litigation in the U.S. and elsewhere involving patents and other intellectual property rights. Companies are increasingly bringing and becoming subject to suits alleging infringement
 misappropriation or other violations of patents
 copyrights
 trademarks
 trade secrets or other intellectual property rights. These risks have been amplified by an increase in the number of third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. &nbsp;We could incur substantial costs in prosecuting or defending any intellectual property litigation. Additionally
 the defense or prosecution of claims could be time-consuming and could divert our management's attention away from the execution of our business plan.




 any settlement or adverse judgment resulting from a claim could require us to pay substantial amounts or obtain a license to continue to use the technology that is the subject of the claim
 or otherwise restrict or prohibit our use of the technology. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain a license from the third patty asserting the claim on commercially reasonable terms
 that we would be able to develop alternative technology on a timely basis
 or that we would be able to obtain a license to use a suitable alternative technology to permit us to continue offering
 and our customers to continue using
 our affected products or technology. In addition
 we may be required to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims
 which would increase the cost to us. &nbsp;An adverse determination could also prevent us from offering our products or services to others. Infringement claims asserted with or without merit against us may have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


 such payments or costs could have a material adverse effect upon our business and financial results. &nbsp;Even if we are not a party to any litigation between a customer and a third party
 an adverse outcome in any such litigation could make it more difficult for us to defend our technology in any subsequent litigation in which we are a named party. &nbsp;Moreover
 such infringement claims with or without merit may harm our relationships with our existing customers and may deter others from dealing with us.

Our ability to compete effectively is dependent in part upon our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. &nbsp;While we hold one issued patent and pending patent applications covering certain elements of our technology
 these patents
 and
 more generally
 existing patent laws
 may not provide adequate protection for portions of the technology that are important to our business. In addition
 our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents.


 copyright
 trademark and trade secret laws offer us only limited protection and the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent. Accordingly
 defense of our trademarks and proprietary technology may become an increasingly important issue as we seek to expand our product development into countries that provide a lower level of intellectual property protection than the U.S. Policing unauthorized use of our trademarks and technology is difficult and the steps we take may not prevent misappropriation of the trademarks or technology on which we rely. If competitors are able to use our trademarks or technology without recourse
 our ability to compete would be harmed and our business would be materially and adversely affected.


 the reduction or loss in intellectual property protection for our technology
 the diversion of our management's attention and harm to our reputation
 any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. &nbsp;If we do not pay cash dividends
 you could receive a return on your investment in our common stock only if the market price of our common stock has increased when you sell your shares.







Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 or the perception that these sales could occur
 could cause the market price of our common stock to decline and impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional equity securities. We have outstanding warrants and conve1tible debt that may result in substantially more outstanding shares
 which could cause the price of our common stock to decline.








 Arizona under a lease that expires on March 31
 2013. Currently we are paying $13
800 per month (not including real estate taxes of $1
480 per month). &nbsp;As of April 1
 2013
 we will be renting under a month to month basis at $10
800 with 30 days&#146; notice of cancellation. 


 including co-locating within a bio-research facility. &nbsp;With the ability to maintain our presence in the current facility on a month to month basis
 we believe we will find a facility to suit our needs by the end of April 2013.


750.




 2012
 we notified Zus Health&#146;s purported assignee
 Ceptazyme
 LLC
 of our intent to terminate our contractual relationship with Zus Health and its purported assignee
 Ceptazyme
 LLC
 due to multiple breaches of contract. We notified Ceptazyme
 LLC (i) that there was no agreement between us and Ceptazyme
 as we had not approved any assignment of the License Agreement by Zus Health to Ceptazyme and (ii) that
 even if there had been a valid assignment
 Ceptazyme had committed multiple material breaches of the agreement. &nbsp;We believe that Zus and Ceptazyme
 LLC (i) failed to market our product in a manner compliant with state and federal regulations
 and (ii) allowed their distributors to make claims and representations that were not in compliance with applicable regulations
 among many other breaches. Subsequently
 we notified Zus and Ceptazyme that the Zus Agreement was subject to termination due to failure to cure the specified breaches of such Agreement. &nbsp;


 we filed a lawsuit in Michigan against Zus Health and Ceptazyme on January 16
 2012
 alleging breach of contract. Subsequently
 Ceptazyme filed suit in Utah against us on January 24
 2012
 also alleging breach of contract. &nbsp;The Michigan action was dismissed. &nbsp;The matter is now in litigation in Utah and a trial date has been set in October 2013.













Item 5. &nbsp;Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.




 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. &nbsp;


Year ended December 31
 2011



























Year ended December 31
 2012


























 2012 we have 145 shareholders of record. 


 due to our need to retain all of our cash for operations. &nbsp;We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.




 2012
 we and the Venture Group
 LLC
 a Maryland limited liability company (&#147;Venture Group&#148;)
 entered into the following agreements
 effective as of January 26
 2012: (i) a Subscription Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance $500
000 to the Company
 as follows: &nbsp;$332
000 on January 26
 2012
 which advance has been made
 and $168
000 by February 3
 2012
 (ii) a Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of $500
000 (&#147;Note&#148;); (iii) (a) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a subordinated security interest in all of its assets and (b) an IP security agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a subordinated security interest in all its intellectual properties
 including patents
 to secure its obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents; and (iv) a Termination and Mutual Release Agreement under which the Company and Venture Group terminated their prior agreements and released each other from any liability
 including liabilities related to the financing agreements they previously executed (See Form 8-K current Report dated December 2
 2011). &nbsp;In addition
 we and Oxford Holdings
 LLC entered into a Termination and Release Agreement under which the Company and Oxford Holdings
 LLC terminated their prior agreement and Oxford Holdings released the Company from any liability
 including liabilities related to the agreement they previously executed. &nbsp;The Company also acknowledged an intercreditor agreement between Venture Group and HEP Investments
 LLC
 the Company&#146;s senior secured lender. &nbsp;As of the date hereof
 Venture Group has advanced an aggregate of $389
000 to the Company. &nbsp;$332
000 has been classified as a convertible debenture payable and the remainder $57
000 has been classified as a Loan Payable. In connection with this financing a discount on Convertible Debt was recorded in the first quarter in the amount of $332
000. Based on continuing discussions with Venture Group
 the Company expects transactions with the Venture Group to be completed in the first quarter of 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;








 the Company has agreed to issue the Lender warrants to purchase an aggregate of 833
333 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share
 for a term of three years from January 27
 2012. &nbsp;The Warrants are issuable to the Lender pro rata based on the amount invested in relation to the total investment amount (about 166
667 warrants per $100
000 invested). &nbsp;&nbsp;Amounts advanced under the Note are (i) secured on a subordinated basis by all the Company&#146;s assets
 (ii) convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at $.12 per share
 (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum (payable on the first and second anniversary of the Note (unless earlier paid off)
 in cash or stock
 at the Company&#146;s option)
 and (iv) unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note (January 27
 2014). The Note may be prepaid upon thirty days written notice
 but not before August 31
 2012
 provided that in the event of prepayment
 the Company must pay the Lender an additional 5% of the outstanding principal amount. &nbsp;The Company has agreed to pay the following aggregate fees to Oxford Holdings
 LLC in connection with the Loan transaction (assuming funding of the full $500
000): (i) finder&#146;s fees of approximately $27
600 in cash
 (ii) warrants to purchase 200
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.15 per share for a term of two years
 and (iii) a $15
000 non-accountable expense allowance. &nbsp;In addition
 The Company has agreed to pay Venture Group $10
000 in cash in payment of the Venture Group&#146;s legal fees.


 2012
 Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 2
400
000&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 240
000 warrants total)
 at a per Unit price of $.125. &nbsp;The aggregate purchase price of the Units was to be $300
000. &nbsp;We received $50
000 relating to this transaction in the quarter ended June 30
 2012. &nbsp;In the third quarter
 we received $109
308
 and in the fourth quarter
 we received the remaining $140
692
 for a total of $300
000.


 2012
 a number of current shareholders subscribed to the acquisition for 1
840
000&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 184
000 warrants total)
 at a per Unit price of $.125. &nbsp;The aggregate purchase price we received for the Units was $230
000. &nbsp;


 2012
 a number of current shareholders subscribed to the acquisition for 680
000&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 68
000 warrants total)
 at a per Unit price of $.125. &nbsp;The aggregate purchase price we received for the Units was $85
000. &nbsp;Also
 during the quarter
 the Company received $35
000 from an investor for 350
000 common stock warrants that were exercisable at $.10 per share. Finally
 an investor received 11
797 shares as part of a cashless exercise of 233
333 common stock warrants that had an exercise price of $.15.


 as amended (&#147;the Act&#148;) or Section 4(2) under the Act
 based on the following facts: in each case
 there was no general solicitation
 there was a limited number of investors
 each of whom was an &#147;accredited investor&#148; (within the meaning of Regulation D under the &#147;1933 Act&#148;
 as amended) and/or was (either alone or with his/her purchaser representative) sophisticated about business and financial matters
 each such investor had the opportunity to ask questions of our management and to review our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and all shares issued were subject to restrictions on transfer
 so as to take reasonable steps to assure that the purchasers were not underwriters within the meaning of Section 2(11) under the 1933 Act.
















 we acquired Health Enhancement Corporation
 and changed our name from Western Glory Hole
 Inc. to Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. Western Glory Hole
 Inc. was a development stage company and had no operations during the year ended December 31
 2002 or during the year ended December 31
 2003
 until its acquisition of Health Enhancement Corporation in November 2003. 


 2012
 we notified Zus Health&#146;s purported assignee
 Ceptazyme
 LLC
 of our intent to terminate our contractual relationship with Zus Health and its purported assignee
 Ceptazyme
 LLC
 due to multiple breaches of contract. We notified Ceptazyme
 LLC (i) that there was no agreement between us and Ceptazyme
 as we had not approved any assignment of the License Agreement by Zus Health to Ceptazyme and (ii) that
 even if there had been a valid assignment
 Ceptazyme had committed multiple material breaches of the agreement. &nbsp;We believe that Zus and Ceptazyme
 LLC (i) failed to market our product in a manner compliant with state and federal regulations
 and (ii) allowed their distributors to make claims and representations that were not in compliance with applicable regulations
 among many other breaches. Subsequently
 we notified Zus and Ceptazyme that the Zus Agreement was subject to termination due to failure to cure the specified breaches of such Agreement. &nbsp;Based on the foregoing
 we filed a lawsuit in Michigan against Zus Health and Ceptazyme on January 16
 2012
 alleging breach of contract. Subsequently
 Ceptazyme filed suit in Utah against us on January 24
 2012
 also alleging breach of contract. &nbsp;The Michigan action was dismissed. &nbsp;The matter is now in litigation in Utah and a trial date has been set in October 2013. &nbsp;(See Item 3
 Legal Proceedings) 


 we intend to implement a new business model under which we expect to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from our proprietary algae cultures to animal and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. &nbsp;


 we have been incurring significant operating losses and negative cash flow. We experienced only nominal sales of our sole product
 ProAlgaZyme&#174; and have relied primarily on the sale of company securities and shareholder loans to fund operations. &nbsp;&nbsp;We are also experiencing an ongoing and substantial working capital deficiency. We have from time to time had difficulty raising capital from third parties. In December of 2012 through February of 2013
 we successfully raised capital to fund operations and research for the first quarter of 2013. If we are unable to obtain additional funding in the near term
 we may be unable to continue as a going concern
 in which case you would suffer a total loss of your investment in our company. 

Results of Operations for Years Ended December 31
 2012 and 2011




 2012 were $0
 as compared to $88
891 for the year ended December 31
 2011. &nbsp;The primary reason for the decrease was due to the Company ceasing sales of its ProAlgyZyme product and implementing a new business model . &nbsp;We implemented the new business model starting in 2012
 and expect to derive future income the from licensing and sale of &nbsp;natural bioactive ingredients derived from its algae cultures to much larger
 better-financed animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. &nbsp;The anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 and b) bulk sales of such ingredients. These bulk ingredients will be made by contracted ingredient manufacturers and then sold by us to food
 dietary supplement and medical food processors and/or name-brand marketers. &nbsp;We do not believe it likely that we will have significant sales in 2013.




 2012
 as compared to $138
Costs of sales previously related primarily to raw materials
 labor and the maintenance of laboratory and controlled production environments necessary for the growing of the algae cultures that constituted the source of the ProAlgaZyme&#174; product
 and for conducting the necessary harvesting and production operations in preparing the product for sale. &nbsp;As noted above
 we ceased all sales activities as of January 2012.










 2012
 we incurred approximately $677
000 in research and development expenses
 as compared to $378
000 for the comparable period in 2011. These expenses are comprised of costs associated with internal and external research. Internal research and development was $137
000 in 2012
 compared to $42
000 in 2011. The increase was due to the increase level of research activities. We expect internal research and development to increase in 2013
 subject to the availability of sufficient funding
 which we do not currently have for such purpose. External research and development increased approximately $204
000 in 2012 to $540
000
 compared to $336
000 in 2011. This increase was due primarily to the increase in costs associated with external clinical trials. We expect external research and development to increase in 2013 as we pursue additional external trials
 subject to the availability of sufficient funding
 which we do not currently have. 




 2012
 as compared to approximately $14
000 for the year ended December 31
 2011. The decrease in selling expenses was due to the change in our business model which is focusing on licensing and royalties as opposed to sale of product.


 as discussed earlier
 we implemented a new business model under which we expect to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from our algae cultures to much larger
 better-financed animal
 food
 dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. &nbsp;The anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 and b) bulk sales of such ingredients. These bulk ingredients will be made by contracted ingredient manufacturers and then sold by us to food
 dietary supplement and medical food processors and/or name-brand marketers.


 we have not executed any other licensing agreements. 




000 to approximately $938
000 in 2012
 compared to approximately $603
000 in 2011. The increase in general and administrative expenses was due primarily to the hiring of the CEO in mid-December 2011 and the hiring of the CFO during the fourth quarter of 2011. &nbsp;The full impact of these expenses were incurred in 2012. 




000 to $465
000 in 2012 compared to $909
000 in 2011. &nbsp;Professional fees and consulting expense were reduced in 2012 due to a decrease in the use in outside consultants. &nbsp;Our primary consultant was hired as the CEO in December 2011. &nbsp;We anticipate continued compensation to outside consultants as we explore marketing opportunities for our product. &nbsp;




 we recorded a derivative liability of $552
988. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. &nbsp;We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;volatility 151.45%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .27%. &nbsp;In addition
 we recognized non-cash income of $24
422 representing the change in fair value of this derivative liability. &nbsp;We marked this derivative liability to fair value at December 31
 2011 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;volatility 151.49%
 annual rate of dividends 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


 2012
 as part of the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $496
375 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 143.36% over the remaining 1.66 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.


 2012
 as part of the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $507
916 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 140.93% over the remaining 1.57 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.







 2012
 the Company valued the derivative liability at $1
026
128 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.19
 an expected volatility of 151.75% over the remaining 0.92 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .26%. The fair value of the derivative decreased by $506
729 which has been recorded in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2012.






 2012
 we incurred approximately $755
000 of finance costs paid in stock and warrants (non-cash)
 as compared to $584
000 for the year ended December 31
 2011
 a $171
000 increase. &nbsp;The increase in finance charges paid with stocks and warrants was due primarily to an increase in 2012 of $208
000 of common stocks issued pursuant to private placements. &nbsp;Amortization of bond discount increased approximately $527
000 from $142
000 in 2011 to $669
000 in 2012. &nbsp;The increase in bond amortization in 2012 was due primarily to an increase in the principal amount of notes issued in 2012
 compared to 2011. 




 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the reasons discussed herein
 there is a significant risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern
 in which case
 you would suffer a total loss of your investment in our company. 


 2013
 we had cash in the bank of $35
000. &nbsp;We have incurred significant net losses since inception
 including a net loss of approximately $3
248
000 during the year ended December 31
 2012. We have
 since inception
 consistently incurred negative cash flow from operations. During the year ended December 31
 2012
 we incurred negative cash flows from operations of approximately $1
773
000. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 we had a working capital deficiency of $3
270
482 and a stockholders&#146; deficiency of $3
956
191. Although we recently raised a limited amount of capital
 we have a near term need for significant additional capital.


 2012
 our operating activities used approximately $1
773
000 in cash
 compared with $1
294
000 in cash during the comparable prior period. &nbsp;The approximate $479
000 increase in cash used by our operating activities was due primarily to the following (all of which are approximated): a $517
000 increase in net loss
 a $482
000&nbsp;decrease in fair value adjustment of derivative liability (a non-cash expense item)
 a $278
000 change (decrease) in &nbsp;obligation to issue common stock
 a $98
000 change (decrease) in deferred rent
 an $82
000 decrease in stocks/warrants issued for services (non-cash)
 and a $48
000 decrease in depreciation and amortization of deferred finance costs
 offset by a $526
000 increase in bond amortization
 an increase of $244
000 of finance costs paid in stocks and warrant
 a $182
000 change (increase) in accrued liabilities and a $73
000 change (increase) in accounts payable.


 2012 and 2011
 our financing activities generated $1
598
000 and $1
508
000 in cash
 respectively. The difference of $90
000 was primarily related to an increase proceeds from loans payable
 others net a decrease in proceeds from loans payable
 related parties.


 we entered into an agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC (&#147;HEP&#148;) under which HEP agreed to purchase convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of $2
000
000. &nbsp;As of the date of this filing
 HEP had advanced $1
546
592 pursuant to this arrangement. The Lender has agreed to advance the remaining $454
408 in $250
000 increments (final increment of $204
408) upon request of our CEO
 subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. 


 in January 2012
 we entered into an agreement with The Venture Group
 LLC (&#147;VG&#148;) under which VG agreed to purchase convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of $500
000. &nbsp;As of the date of this filing
 VG had advanced $389
000 pursuant to this arrangement. &nbsp;Both HEP and VG&#146;s convertible notes are secured by all our assets (with HEP being the senior secured lender and VG being the subordinated lender). &nbsp;&nbsp;


 we continue to experience a shortage of capital
 which is materially and adversely affecting our ability to run our business. As noted above
 we have been largely dependent upon external sources for funding. We have in the past had difficulty in raising capital from external sources. &nbsp;We are still heavily reliant upon external financing for the continuation of our research and development program. &nbsp;







500
000 in cash over the next 12 months in order to fund our normal operations and to fund our research initiatives. Based on this cash requirement
 we have a near term need for additional funding. Historically
 we have had great difficulty raising funds from external sources; however
 we recently were able to raise a limited amount of capital from outside sources. If we are unable to raise the required capital
 we will be forced to curtail our business operations
 including our research and development activities. 




 anticipated income streams are to be generated from a) royalties and advances for licensed natural bioactive ingredients
 and b) bulk sales of such ingredients. &nbsp;We do not anticipate that these will be affected by seasonality.
















 the Reports thereon
 and the Notes thereto
 commencing on page F-1 of this report
 which Consolidated Financial Statements
 Reports
 Notes and data are incorporated herein by reference.







 Based on their evaluation as of December&nbsp;31
 2012
 our Chief Financial Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules&nbsp;13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K was recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#146;s rules and instructions for Form&nbsp;10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Financial Officer
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined by Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2012. In making this assessment
. Based on our assessment of those criteria
 management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2012. 









This Management&#146;s report is not deemed filed for purposes of Section&nbsp;18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section
 unless we specifically state in a future filing that such report is to be considered filed.

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.













 &nbsp;Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.








 directors and employees. The Code is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will upon request and without charge provide a copy of our Code of Ethics. Requests should be directed to Principal Accounting Officer
 Health Enhancement Products
 Inc.
 7 West Square Lake Rd.
 Bloomfield Hills
 MI 48302. 









Item 13. &nbsp;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence. 


























 or hereby incorporated by reference into
 this Form&nbsp;10-K. 







 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 




HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC.


Date: &nbsp;March 22
 2013










 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 




 Principal 


 President

 2013



 Director 

 Director

 2013



 Director

 Operations
 Director

 2013



 Director


 2013











HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&#146; deficiency and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
 2012. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 


 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. Also
 an audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. and Subsidiaries at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
 2012
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 the Company has incurred significant operating losses for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 and
 as of December 31
 2012
 has a significant working capital and stockholders&#146; deficiency. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#146;s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 


/s/ WOLINETZ
 LAFAZAN &amp; COMPANY
 P.C.

 LAFAZAN &amp; COMPANY
 P.C.





 New York

 2013








HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







December 31



December 31

















225
696

47
147


13
722
34
957


10
412
8
701


249
830
90
805

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 NET
83
546
13
203



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Definite-life intangible Assets
 net
7
201
6
234


122
917
123
762


130
118
129
996



463
494

234
004









660
565

938
640

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Loan Payable
 Related Party

15
362

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Loans payable
 Others

243
592

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Current portion
 long term debt
7
682



27
837
27
837


307
664
337
478

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Convertible Debentures Payable
 less discount of $875 and &nbsp;

542 at December 31
 2011 and 2012
84
226
482
458


528
566
1
026
128


96
347
19
110


75
349
270
682


1
788
336
3
361
287



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Convertible Debenture Payable
 net of Discount of $577
106 and &nbsp;

692 at December 31
 2011 and 2012
423
393
593
908

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Deferred Revenue
 non-current
235
000
235
000


48
264



706
657
828
908


2
494
993
4
190
195







Common stock
 $.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 100
036
105
317
816 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2012
 respectively
100
036
105
318


27
130
276
28
448
705


(29
261
809)
(32
510
214)


(2
031
497)
(3
956
191)





463
494

234
004












HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES













December 31
 2011

December 31
 2012









88
891




15
000



103
891







138
252



13
729



603
104
938
198


909
221
464
905


377
893
677
490


2
042
199
2
080
593




(1
938
308)
(2
080
593)






24
422
506
729


(142
412)
(668
747)


(43
984)
(108
827)


(584
215)
(755
233)


(47
113)
(141
734)




(793
303)
(1
167
812)





(2
731
610)

(3
248
405)












96
581
501
101
399
795












HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



FOR THE PERIOD JANUARY 1
 2011 THROUGH DECEMBER 31
 2012


























Balance
 January 1
 2011
92
705
351

92
705

25
485
816

(26
530
199)

(951
680)






87
278

87
278


137
594

34
862

35
000




8
584

8
584


3
193
334
3
193
404
307

407
500


82
667






1
317
398
1
317
163
358

164
675


2
600
000
2
600
257
400

260
000




500
626

500
626




130
422

130
422




57
706

57
706












(2
731
610)
(2
731
610)



Balance
 December 31
 2011
100
036
019
100
036
27
130
276
(29
261
809)
(2
031
497)






48
429

48
429


4
920
000
4
920
610
080

615
000


11
797






350
000

34
650

35
000




332
000

332
000




293
282

293
282





(3
248
405)
(3
248
405)


Balance
 December 31
 2012
105
317
816

105
318

28
448
705

(32
510
214)

(3
956
191)












HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES














December 31



December 31











(2
731
610)

(3
248
405)




130
862
48
429


553
615
797
573


43
984
13
722


142
413
668
747






91
433
73
843


(24
422)
(506
728)


(27
384)
(125
501)




10
554




1
710


1
565



204
969
278
075


2
643



(15
000)



307
664
29
814


13
176
195
335


(1
294
128)
(1
773
264)




(4
720)
(3
500)


(4
720)
(3
500)



&nbsp;&nbsp;Proceeds from loans payable
 others
24
306
243
592

&nbsp;&nbsp;Proceeds from loans payable
 related party
152
773
15
262



(34
957)


(20
141)
(7
682)


734
500
732
000


260
000
35
000


357
500
615
000


1
508
938
1
598
215


210
093
(178
549)


15
603
225
696





225
696

47
147








7
290



















HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




For the Year Ended December 31
 2011


 2011
 The Company issued convertible debentures for $62
500 in principal and recorded a discount on the debentures of $62
500. &nbsp;&nbsp;As an inducement to further invest in the Company
 warrants were repriced from $.25 to $.15
 resulting in deferred finance costs of $57
706.


 2011
 the Company issued convertible debentures in the principal amount of $52
000 and recorded a discount on the debentures of $52
000. &nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 the Company issued 333
334 shares of common stock in satisfaction of an obligation to issue common stock valued at $50
000. 


 2011
 several three year 1% convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of $196
000
 with various maturity dates during 2011were extended for an additional three years at the request of the note holder. &nbsp;The Company incurred no additional cost as a result of these extensions. &nbsp;


 2011
 the Company issued convertible debentures in the principal amount of $20
000 and recorded a discount on the debentures of $15
921. 


 2011
 the Company issued 1
317
398 shares of common stock
 and warrants to purchase 1
976
097 shares of common stock (at an exercise price of $.125 per share) to a significant shareholder in repayment of loans totaling $164
675.

For the Year Ended December 31
 2012


 2012
 the Company recorded $332
000 in discounts on debentures.


 2012
 the Company recorded $500
000 in discounts on debentures.


 2012
 several three year 1% convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of $155
100
 with various maturity dates during 2011 were extended for an additional two years. &nbsp;The Company incurred no additional cost as a result of these extensions. &nbsp;


 2012
 the Company issued 11
797 shares of its common stock in return for the cashless exercise of 233
000 common stock warrants.


 the Company recognized additional derivative liabilities valued at $1
004
291 on convertible debentures that were issued with a variable conversion price during the year ended December 31
 2012.










HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





 Inc. and Subsidiaries&#146; (the Company) business model is to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. &nbsp;&nbsp;Currently
 the Company's focus is on research and identification of its bioactive ingredients and is not currently selling its product commercially. Its wholly owned subsidiary
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. intends to develop potential pharmaceuticals applications of ProAlgaZyme&#174; (PAZ).






248
405 and $2
731
610 during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $3
270
482 and a stockholders&#146; deficiency of $3
956
191 at December 31
 2012. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 


 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
 will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company&#146;s existing stockholders.




 either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. &nbsp;There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to raise the additional funds it requires.


 2012
 the Company:



000 through the sale of common stock and exercise of common stock warrants;


000 through the issuance of convertible debt


592 in proceeds from loans



 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Health Enhancement Products
 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation and HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.

The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &nbsp;Actual results could differ from those estimates. &nbsp;Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable. &nbsp;&nbsp;

 For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.






Property and equipment consists of furniture
 office equipment
 and leasehold improvements
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
 generally five to seven years. &nbsp;Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend the economic life of an existing fixed asset are expended as incurred. 



The authoritative guidance for fair value measurements defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or the most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are (i)&nbsp;independent
 (ii)&nbsp;knowledgeable
 (iii)&nbsp;able to transact
 and (iv)&nbsp;willing to transact. The guidance describes a fair value hierarchy based on the levels of inputs
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value which are the following: 





Inputs other than Level&nbsp;1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or corroborated by observable market data or substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.





 accounts payable
 loans payable
 obligations to issue common stock
 accrued expenses and customer deposits. &nbsp;All of these items were determined to be Level 1 fair value measurements.


 accounts payable
 loans payable
 obligation to issue common stock and customer deposits all approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments.




727 and $43
984 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.




 measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value
 is recognized if the carrying amount exceeds estimated undiscounted future cash flows.


 unanticipated events and changes in market conditions could affect such estimates
 resulting in the need for an impairment charge in future periods&nbsp;&nbsp; For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 no such events or circumstances occurred causing an impairment charge.




 the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104
 &#147;Revenue Recognition&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 104&#148;)
 which superseded Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
 &#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements&#148; (&#147;SAB No. 101&#148;). SAB No. 104 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management&#146;s judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers
 estimated returns and allowances
 and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company ceased the sales of its sole product in the fourth quarter of 2011
 and therefore recognized no provision for the years ended December 31
 2011 or December 31
 2012.









 2012 and 2011 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.







 consisting of salaries and equipment and related expenses incurred for product research studies conducted primarily within the Company and by Company personnel. Research expenses were approximately $137
000 and $42
000 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively;


 consisting of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent external entities. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $540
000 and $336
000 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.






 2012 and 2011 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards are subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &#147;change in ownership&#148; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.




Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. &nbsp;The company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. &nbsp;At the date of grant
 the company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. &nbsp;The fair value of the stock option or warrant award is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.


 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. &nbsp;As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $48
489 and $130
862 during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 respectively.





Year Ended December 31
 




































 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#146;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee options.




 2012
 consisted of 18
698
000 common shares from convertible debentures and 16
365
209 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2011
 consisted of 10
375
778 common shares from convertible debentures and 17
393
430 common shares from outstanding warrants. &nbsp;&nbsp;Diluted and basic weighted average shares are the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.




500 and $1
420 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.




000 at times during the year. &nbsp;








 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued ASU No. 2012-02
(&#147;ASU 2012-02&#148;). ASU 2012-02 gives entities an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset impaired. If based on its qualitative assessment an entity concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount
 quantitative impairment testing is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 quantitative impairment testing is not required. ASU is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. ASU 2012-02 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position or results of operations.


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued ASU No. 2011-11
ASU 2011-11 enhances current disclosures about financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either offset on the statement of financial position or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement
 irrespective of whether they are offset on the statement of financial position. Entities are required to provide both net and gross information for these assets and liabilities in order to facilitate comparability between financial statements prepared on the basis of U.S. GAAP and financial statements prepared on the basis of IFRS. ASU 2011-11 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. ASU 2011-11 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position or results of operations. 







 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-08 (&#147;ASU 2011-08&#148;)
 which updates the guidance in ASC Topic 350
. The amendments in ASU 2011-08 permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described in ASC Topic 350. The more-likely-than-not threshold is defined as having a likelihood of more than fifty percent. If
 after assessing the totality of events or circumstances
 an entity determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. The amendments in ASU 2011-08 include examples of events and circumstances that an entity should consider in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. However
 the examples are not intended to be all-inclusive and an entity may identify other relevant events and circumstances to consider in making the determination. The examples in this ASU 2011-08 supersede the previous examples under ASC Topic 350 of events and circumstances an entity should consider in determining whether it should test for impairment between annual tests
 and also supersede the examples of events and circumstances that an entity having a reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount should consider in determining whether to perform the second step of the impairment test. Under the amendments in ASU 2011-08
 an entity is no longer permitted to carry forward its detailed calculation of a reporting unit&#146;s fair value from a prior year as previously permitted under ASC Topic 350. ASU 2011-08 is effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2011. The adoption of ASU 2011-08 did not have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2011-04 (&#147;ASU 2011-04&#148;)
 which updated the guidance in ASC Topic 820
The amendments in ASU 2011-04 generally represent clarifications of Topic 820
 but also include some instances where a particular principle or requirement for measuring fair value or disclosing information about fair value measurements has changed. ASU 2011-04 results in common principles and requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The amendments in ASU 2011-04 are to be applied prospectively. For public entities
 the amendments are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2011. The adoption of ASU 2011-04 did not have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position or results of operations.


 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been adopted in the current period




 2012 and 2011 consist of the following:




December 31
 2012

December 31
 2011









51
617

51
617



112
879

112
879



151
859

148
359









316
355 &nbsp;

312
855



(303
152)

(229
309)









13
203

83
546




843 and $91
433 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.










 2012 and 2011 consist of the following:




December 31



December 31











14
501

14
501



8
267

7
300



6
234

7
201




 upon being placed in service
 over 15 years
 the estimated useful lives of the assets
 with no residual value. Amortization expense was $967 and $967 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. 






 Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder
 &nbsp;paid expenses of $164
675 on behalf of the Company that were repaid as follows: on November 1
 2011
 the Company issued 664
848 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 997
272 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.125 per share in repayment of $83
106
 and recognized finance costs of $88
380. &nbsp;On December 1
 2011
 the Company issued 652
550 shares of common stock and 978
825 warrants to purchase common at an exercise price of $.125 per share in repayment of $81
568 and recognized finance costs of $90
158. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2011 there was no balance due. 


 Mr. Maggiore advanced the Company $15
000. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2012 this amount was still unpaid.




 the Venture Group loaned the Company $57
000. &nbsp;This money was related to the overall financing of $500
000 as discussed in Note 7.


 HEP Investments loaned the Company $186
592
 as part of its overall funding commitment of $2
000
000 as discussed in Note 7.



HEP Investments
 LLC


 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (&#147;Lender&#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $2
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the initial principal amount of $600
000 (&#147;Note&#148;) and (iii) (a) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (b) an IP security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in each case order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company&#146;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&#146;s obligations under the Note. 


 2011
 the Lender had advanced the Company $600
000
 consisting of $500
000 in cash and $100
000 previously advanced by the Lender in connection with a transaction previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 12
 2011. &nbsp;&nbsp;The Lender has agreed to advance the remaining $1
400
000 in $250
000 increments (final increment of $150
000) upon request of the Company&#146;s CEO
 subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company has agreed to (i) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision)
 expiring September 30
 2016 and (ii) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $2
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement. 







 (ii) convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.12 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market
 (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum and (iv) must be repaid as follows: &nbsp;accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note December 1
 2013. The Company has also agreed to a specified use of proceeds. &nbsp;The Note may be prepaid upon sixty days written notice
 provided that the Company shall be required to pay a prepayment premium equal to 5% of the amount repaid.


 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers.


000 against this transaction. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company recorded a derivative liability of $552
988. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. &nbsp;We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;volatility 151.45%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .27%. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company has recognized other income of $24
422 representing the change in fair value of this derivative liability. &nbsp;We marked this derivative liability to fair value at December 31
 2011 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;volatility 151.49%
 annual rate of dividends 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%. 


 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $100
000 pursuant to its previously disclosed agreement to invest up to $2
000
000 in convertible notes. &nbsp;


 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $325
000. The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $500
000 on $500
000 principal
 to reflect the beneficial conversion feature of the convertible debt and fair value of the warrants in accordance with ASC standards (the debt discount calculation was inclusive of investments made in the fourth quarter of 2011 and the first quarter of 2012). The Company valued the beneficial conversion feature and recorded the amount of $445
147 as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and as an addition to paid-in capital. Additionally
 the relative fair value of the warrants ($54
853) was calculated and recorded as a further reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. These transactions were valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation relying on the following assumptions: volatility of 140.93%-143.36%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .25%. In connection with the $500
000 in convertible notes
 the Company recorded non-cash finance charges of $16
575 during the three months ended June 30
 2012.


 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $41
000. &nbsp;


 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $120
592. &nbsp;According to the terms of the agreement
 a threshold of $250
000 must be reached. &nbsp;Until this threshold is reached
 the differential of $184
592 is classified as Loan Payable &#150; Related Party (Note 6).




 2012
 the Company and The Venture Group
 LLC
 a Maryland limited liability company (&#147;Venture Group&#148;)
 entered into the following agreements
 effective as of January 26
 2012: (i) a Subscription Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance $500
000 to the Company
 as follows: &nbsp;$332
000 on January 26
 2012
 which advance has been made
 and $168
000 by February 3
 2012
 (ii) a Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of $500
000 (&#147;Note&#148;); (iii) (a) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a subordinated security interest in all of its assets and (b) an IP security agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a subordinated security interest in all its intellectual properties
 including patents
 to secure its obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents; and (iv) a Termination and Mutual Release Agreement under which the Company and Venture Group terminated their prior agreements and released each other from any liability
 including liabilities related to the financing agreements they previously executed (See Form 8-K Current Report dated December 2
 2011). In addition
 the Company and Oxford Holdings LLC entered into a Termination and Release Agreement under which the Company and Oxford Holdings
 LLC terminated their prior agreement and Oxford Holdings released the Company from any liability
 including liabilities related to the agreement they previously executed. &nbsp;The Company also acknowledged an intercreditor agreement between Venture Group and HEP Investments
 LLC
 the Company senior secured lender. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 Venture Group has advanced an aggregate of $389
000 to the Company. &nbsp;$332
000 has been classified as a convertible debenture payable and the remainder $57
000 has been classified as Loan Payable &#150; Other (Note 6). 







 the Company has agreed to issue the Lender warrants to purchase an aggregate of 833
333 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share
 for a term of three years from January 27
 2012. &nbsp;The Warrants are issuable to the Lender pro rata based on the amount invested in relation to the total investment amount (about 166
667 warrants per $100
000 invested). Accordingly
 the Company recorded finance charges of $293
282 related to 553
112 warrants valued at $111
125 and excess finance charges of $182
157.&nbsp;&nbsp;Amounts advanced under the Note are (i) secured on a subordinated basis by all the Company&#146;s assets
 (ii) convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at $.12 per share
 (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum (payable on the first and second anniversary of the Note (unless earlier paid off)
 in cash or stock
 at the Company&#146;s option)
 and (iv) unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note (January 27
 2014). The Note may be prepaid upon thirty days written notice
 but not before August 31
 2012
 provided that in the event of prepayment
 the Company must pay the Lender an additional 5% of the outstanding principal amount. &nbsp;The Company has agreed to pay the following aggregate fees to Oxford Holdings
 LLC in connection with the Loan transaction (assuming funding of the full $500
000): (i) finder&#146;s fees of approximately $27
600 in cash
 (ii) warrants to purchase 200
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.15 per share for a term of two years
 and (iii) a $15
000 non-accountable expense allowance. &nbsp;In addition
 The Company has agreed to pay Venture Group $10
000 in cash in payment of the Venture Group&#146;s legal fees.




 2011
 the Company issued eleven (11) three (3) year convertible notes aggregating $134
500 of principal and a debt discount of $130
421 was recorded. &nbsp;These notes are due at various dates from February 2014 through August 2014 and are convertible at $.125 per share. &nbsp;The convertible notes include warrants to purchase 1
614
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at $.125 per share. &nbsp;The warrants expire at various dates from February 2014 through August 2014. In connection with the $134
500 in convertible notes
 the Company recorded non-cash finance charges of $119
020. 


 2012
 1% Convertible Debentures in the amount of $47
500 matured and were extended by a Note Holder and significant shareholder of the Company. Under the terms of the extension agreement the Notes will all be extended by two years from their original maturity date. &nbsp;These modifications were not considered significant under ASC standards.


 2012
 1% Convertible Debentures in the amount of $37
600 that matured
 as well as $70
000 in 1% Convertible Debentures that were due to mature in the third quarter were extended by a Note Holder and significant shareholder of the Company. The extensions were requested by the Note Holder for no consideration. These modifications were not considered significant under ASC standards.










December 31
 2012

December 31
 2011



















&nbsp;&nbsp;1% Convertible notes payable
 net of unamortized discount of $45
300 &nbsp;and $98
814 respectively
 due at various dates ranging from January 2014 to September 2014

440
300

386
786


11% Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized discount of $517
542 &nbsp;and $479
167
 respectively
 due December 2013
482
458
120
833







&nbsp;&nbsp;11% Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized discount of $178
393 &nbsp;and $-0-
 respectively
 due January 2014

153
608





1
076
366

507
619



482
458

84
226









593
908

423
393




747 and $142
412 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.










 2011 with HEP Investments
 LLC
 the Company recorded a derivative liability of $552
988. &nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. &nbsp;We valued this derivative liability utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.17
 expected volatility of 151.45% over the two year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .27%. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company has recognized other income of $24
422 representing the change in fair value of this derivative liability. &nbsp;We marked this derivative liability to fair value at December 31
 2011 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.25
 a volatility of 151.49% over the remaining 1.92 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.


 2012
 as part of the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $496
375 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 143.36% over the remaining 1.66 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.


 2012
 as part of the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $507
916 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 140.93% over the remaining 1.57 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.


 2012
 the Company valued the derivative liability at $1
026
128 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &nbsp;closing stock price of $.19
 an expected volatility of 151.75% over the remaining 0.92 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .26%. The fair value of the derivative decreased by $506
729 which has been recorded in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2012.




 2011
 the Company was obligated to issue
 an aggregate 1
595
320 shares of common stock valued at $307
664 to certain investors and Great Northern Reserve Partners
 LLC
 a former consultant (Andrew Dahl
 CEO of the Company
 was principal partner of Great Northern and Reserve Partners). 


 2012
 the Company became obligated to issue an additional 145
378 shares valued at $29
814 to certain investors. 


 2012
 the total amount of shares to be issued was 1
740
698 shares at a total value of $337
478.




 2011
 the Company issued 1
866
667 shares of common stock and received proceeds of $180
000 for the exercise of warrants. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company issued 400
000 shares of common stock and received proceeds of $50
000 from investors. &nbsp;Pursuant to a private placement
 convertible debentures were issued during the quarter ended March 31
 2011
 for which a discount of $62
500 was recorded
 and warrants to purchase 1
240
000 shares of common stock were repriced
 resulting in deferred finance costs of $57
706. &nbsp;&nbsp;Finally
 the Company issued 100
000 shares of common stock for services
 valued at $25
000.


 2011
 the Company issued 740
000 shares of common stock and received $92
500 in proceeds from investors. &nbsp;The Company issued 500
000 shares of common stock and received $50
000 in proceeds upon the exercise of warrants. Pursuant to a private placement
 convertible debentures were issued during the quarter ended June 30
 2011
 for which a discount of $52
000 was recorded. The Company issued warrants to purchase 75
000 shares of common stock valued at $8
584 for services
 and issued 333
334 shares of common stock in satisfaction of an obligation to issue common stock valued at $50
000.


 2011
 the Company issued 1
100
000 shares of common stock and received $130
000 in proceeds from investors. &nbsp;The Company issued 16
000 shares of common stock upon the cashless exercise of 24
000 common stock warrants. &nbsp;Pursuant to a private placement
 convertible debentures were issued during the quarter ended September 30
 2011
 for which a discount of $15
921 was recorded. In addition
 in July
 2011
 the Company issued a significant shareholder
 Christopher Maggiore
 warrants to purchase 3
000
000 shares at an exercise price of $.25 per share for a term of three years. &nbsp;These warrants were issued to Mr. Maggiore in consideration Mr. Maggiore providing financing to the Company which prevented him from being able to avail himself of a company offer to certain warrant holders to exercise their warrants on a reduced exercise price basis. The Company recognized finance costs of $203
069 in connection with the grant.







 2011
 the Company issued 37
594 shares of common stock
 valued at $10
000
 to a consultant. &nbsp;The Company issued 920
000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 180
000 shares of common stock and received $115
000 in proceeds from investors. &nbsp;The Company issued 1
317
398 shares of common stock
 and warrants to purchase 1
976
097 shares of common stock in repayment of loans from a significant shareholder totaling $164
675
 and recognized finance costs of $178
538 from this transaction. 


 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (&#147;Lender&#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $2
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the initial principal amount of $600
000 (&#147;Note&#148;) and (iii) (a) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (b) an IP security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in each case order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company&#146;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&#146;s obligations under the Note. 


 2011
 the Lender has advanced the Company $600
000
 consisting of $500
000 in cash and $100
000 previously advanced by the Lender in connection with a transaction previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 12
 2011. &nbsp;&nbsp;The Lender has agreed to advance the remaining $1
400
000 in $250
000 increments (final increment of $150
000) upon request of the Company&#146;s CEO
 subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. &nbsp;In addition
 the Company has agreed to (i) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision)
 expiring 09/30/2016 and (ii) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $2
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement. 


 (ii) convertible into the Company&#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.12 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market
 (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum and (iv) must be repaid as follows: &nbsp;accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note (December 31
 2013). The Company has also agreed to a specified use of proceeds. &nbsp;The Note may be prepaid upon sixty days written notice
 provided that the Company shall be required to pay a prepayment premium equal to 5% of the amount repaid.


 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers.


 2012
 as compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 200
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice (CFO and a Director) in January
 2012
 at an exercise price of $.12 per share.&nbsp; The warrants have a term of three years and vest as follows: 50
000 were vested on the grant date with the remainder vesting throughout 2012 on a quarterly basis. The warrants vested during the quarter ended March 31
 2012
 and each subsequent quarter
 were valued at $10
721 using the Black Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: closing stock price of $.24
 an expected volatility of 125.11%; annual rate of dividends 0%; &nbsp;and a risk free &nbsp;rate of 0.33%. In addition
 as part of a convertible debt agreement entered into with Venture Group (see Note 7 &#150; Convertible Debt)
 the Company recorded a debt discount of $332
000 and finance costs of $293
282.


 2012
 the Company sold 400
000 shares of its common stock and 40
000 common stock warrants to a related party for proceeds of $50
000 as part a subscription agreement to issue 2
400
000 common shares and 240
000 warrants at $.125 per unit (See Note 9 &#150; Related Party Transactions &#150; Stock Subscription Agreements). 








 2012
 the Company sold 874
467 shares of its common stock and 87
447 common stock warrants to a related party for proceeds of $109
308 as part a subscription agreement to issue 2
400
000 common shares and 240
000 warrants at $.125 per unit (See Note 9 &#150; Related Party Transactions &#150; Subscription Agreements). &nbsp;In addition the Company issued 120
000 shares of its common stock and 12
000 common stock warrants to another related party at a unit price of $.125 for total proceeds of $15
000. Also
 during the quarter
 the Company issued 1
720
000 shares of common stock and 172
000 common stock warrants to investors at a unit price of $.125 for total proceeds of $215
000. Finally
 as compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Brian Young (a Director) in July
 2012
 at an exercise price of $.12 per share.&nbsp; The warrants have a term of three years and vest as follows: 12
500 were vested on the grant date with the remainder vesting on a quarterly basis. The warrants vested during the quarter ended September 30
 2012
 and each subsequent quarter
 were valued at $2
773 using the Black Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: closing stock price $.23
 an expected volatility of 114.66%; an annual rate of dividends 0%; a risk free rate of 0.25%.


 2012
 the Company sold 1
125
533 shares of its common stock and 112
553 common stock warrants to a related party for proceeds of $140
692 in completion of a subscription agreement to issue 2
400
000 common shares and 240
000 warrants at $.125 per unit (See Note 9 &#150; Related Party Transactions &#150; Stock Subscription Agreements). &nbsp;In addition
 the Company issued 80
000 shares of its common stock and 8
000 common stock warrants to another related party at a unit price of $.125 for total proceeds of $10
000. Also
 during the quarter
 the Company issued 600
000 shares of common stock and 60
000 common stock warrants to investors at a unit price of $.125 for total proceeds of $75
000. Also
 during the quarter
 the Company received $35
000 from an investor for 350
000 common stock warrants that were exercisable at $.10 per share. Finally
 an investor received 11
797 shares as part of a cashless exercise of 233
333 common stock warrants that had an exercise price of $.15.





December 31
 2012
December 31
 2011













Outstanding
 beginning of year
20
413
430

15
856
999









1
425
112

11
055
097









(583
333)

(2
740
000)









(4
890
000)

(3
758
666)








Outstanding
 end of period
16
365
209

20
413
430





 2012 were as follows:










































35
000

35
000



840
612

790
612



7
464
597

7
464
597



2
850
000

2
850
000



600
000

600
000



4
175
000

4
175
000



400
000

400
000









16
365
209

16
315
209















 Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder
 paid expenses of $164
675 on behalf of the Company that were repaid as follows: &nbsp;on November 1
 2011
 the Company issued 664
848 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 997
272 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.125 per share in repayment of $83
106
 and recognized finance costs of $88
380. &nbsp;On December 1
 2011
 the Company issued 652
550 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 978
825 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.125 per share in repayment of $81
568 and recognized finance costs of $90
158. &nbsp;At December 31
 2011 there was no balance due. 


 Mr. Maggiore loaned the Company $15
000 which was still outstanding as of December 31
 2012.




 2012
 Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 2
400
000&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one shares of Common Stock (or 240
000 warrants in total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $300
000. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 Mr. Maggiore had fully funded the subscription.


 2012
 Robert McLain
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 120
000&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 12
000 warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000.


 2012
 Mr. McLain subscribed to the acquisition for 80
000&nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 8
000 warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $10
000.




 LLC
 the purported assignee of Zus Health under the license agreement discussed under Note 12 &#150; License Agreement. &nbsp;Robert McLain
 
 a significant shareholder
 also has an equity interest in Ceptazyme
 LLC
 the purported assignee of Zus Health under the license agreement discussed under Note 12 &#150; License Agreement. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;




 the Company issued warrants to purchase 900
000 shares of stock to the board members and 200
000 shares of stock to our science board member. &nbsp;These warrants have an exercise price of $.15 and a term of 3 years. &nbsp;The warrants were valued at $87
278 using the Black Scholes pricing model (see Note 10 &#150; Stockholders&#146; Deficiency).


 2012
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 300
000 shares of stock of the Company to its three (3) board members. These warrants have an exercise price of $.12
 vest quarterly
 and have a term of 3 years. The warrants were valued at $57
039 using the Black Scholes pricing model (see Note 10 &#150; Stockholders&#146; Deficiency).&nbsp;




 2010
 the Company entered into a multi-year exclusive worldwide License Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;) for its ProAlgaZyme &#174; product (&#147;Product&#148;) with a distributor of health and nutritional products
 Zus Health
 LLC (&#147;Zus&#148;). &nbsp;Under the terms of the Agreement
 Zus had the exclusive right to distribute the Product to customers and distributors worldwide
 excluding pharmaceutical applications and food
 supplement and medicinal ingredient applications outside of multi-level
 network or affiliate marketing (&#147;MLM&#148;). &nbsp;On January 9
 2012
 we notified the sole known representative of the exclusive distributor that it has been determined that there have been multiple material breaches by Zus Health
 LLC (as well as its purported assignee
 Ceptazyme
 LLC) of its License Agreement with the Company dated September 2
 2010
 and that they immediately cease any and all activities with respect to the sale or distribution of HEPI products. &nbsp;The Company had received a payment of $255
000
 as provided in the Agreement
 for the exclusive distribution rights. &nbsp;The Company filed a lawsuit in Michigan against Zus Health and Ceptazyme on January 9
 2012
 alleging breach of contract. Subsequently
 Ceptazyme filed suit in Utah against the Company on January 24
 2012
 also alleging breach of contract. &nbsp;Until this matter is resolved
 the Company has classified the remaining $235
000 as Deferred Revenue
 noncurrent &nbsp;









 2012 the Company had available net-operating loss carry-forwards for Federal tax purposes of approximately $21
100
000
 which may be applied against future taxable income
 if any
 at various dates from 2027 through 2033. Certain significant changes in ownership of the Company may restrict the future utilization of these tax loss carry-forwards. 


 2012 the Company had a deferred tax asset of approximately $7
500
000 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. &nbsp;The difference between the Federal and State Statutory Rate of 40% and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate of 0% is due to an increase in the valuation allowance of approximately $1
000
000 in 2012






 2011
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with Andrew Dahl. &nbsp;Under the terms of Mr. Dahl&#146;s employment agreement
 he will be CEO for one year
 subject to automatic renewal for successive one year terms
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days&#146; notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement. &nbsp;Mr. Dahl will be compensated as follows: &nbsp;he will receive an annual base salary of $240
000. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl is entitled to monthly bonus compensation equal to 2% of the Company&#146;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. &nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon identification of bio-active agents in the Company&#146;s product and filing of a patent with respect thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop &nbsp;medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement.




 which covers on the job injury.




 2013 the Board of Directors reappointed Philip M. Rice II
 the Company&#146;s Chief Financial Officer
 as a director for a 1 year term. &nbsp;Mr. Rice received warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share for a term of three years
 vested at 12
500 per quarter. &nbsp;The terms of the appointment also includes a cash payment of $10
000. &nbsp;


 2013
 the Company was advised of an agreement between HEP Investments and Christopher Maggiore. &nbsp;On March 11
 2013
 HEP Investments
 LLC entered into a Participation Agreement with Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder of the Company
 under the terms of which Mr. Maggiore has become a member of HEP Investments
 LLC. Accordingly
 loans made by Mr. Maggiore to the Company aggregating $462
000 ($15
000 at December 31
 2012 and $447
000 during the period January 1
 2013 through March 5
 2013) have been reclassified as loans payable to HEP Investments
 LLC as part of the Loan Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note entered into on December 2
 2011 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Upon this reclassification
 HEP Investments
 LLC has reached a $500
000 threshold and these advances will become convertible debt.



















Articles of Incorporation of Health Enhancement Products
 Inc.
 as amended



Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Company
 dated July 24
 2012








Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($100K loan) dated September 8
 2011



Senior Secured Note with HEP Investments
 LLC ($100K loan) dated September 8
 2011



Loan Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Senior Secured Note with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



IP Security Agreement with HEP Investments
 LLC ($2M loan) dated December 2
 2011



Investor Rights Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated November 8
 2011 



Subscription Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 26
 2012



Subordinated Convertible Note with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 27
 2012



Warrant Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 26
 2012



Security Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 26
 2012



Termination Agreement with Venture Group
 LLC ($500K loan) dated January 26
 2012 (terminating agreements with Venture Group
 LLC dated November 8
 2011)



Termination Agreement with Oxford Holdings
 LLC
 dated January 26
 2012



License Agreement between Zus Health LLC and the Company dated September 2
 2010



Lease Agreement between the Company and BCO
 LLC dated February 28
 2011



Employment Agreement with Andrew Dahl
 the Registrant&#146;s CEO



Employment Agreement with John Gorman
 the Registrant&#146;s EVP &#150; Operations











Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended



Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
















 2010 and incorporated herein by this reference.


 2010 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2011 and incorporated by this reference.


 2011 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.


 2012 and incorporated by this reference.




































 INC.



 if available)


000
000 shares of Common Stock
 with a par value of $0. 001. All stock when issued shall be deemed fully paid and nonassessable. &nbsp;No cumulative voting
 on any matter to which Stockholders shall be entitled to vote
 shall be allowed for any purpose.


 upon such terms and conditions and for such consideration as the Board of Directors shall
 from time to time
 determine. &nbsp;Shareholders shall not have preemptive rights to acquire unissued shares of stock of the Corporation.



 or such greater portion of the voting power as may be required in the case of a vote by classes or series
 or as may be required by the provisions of the articles of incorporation have voted in favor of the amendment is: 73
937
316.










/S/ PHILIP M. RICE
 II

 II






































 INC.



Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for Officers
 Directors and Employees




 just management
 fairness
 providing a safe and healthy environment free from the fear of retribution
 and respecting the dignity due everyone. 


 reflecting all aspects of good citizenship. 






 satisfied
 and appreciated. We respect cultural diversity and recognize that the various communities in which we may do business may have different legal provisions pertaining to the workplace. As such
 we will adhere to the limitations specified by law in all of our localities
 and further
 we will not tolerate harassment or discrimination of any kind -- especially involving race
 color
 religion
 gender
 age
 national origin
 disability
 and veteran or marital status. 


 integrity
 respect
 trust
 responsibility
 and citizenship permits us the opportunity to achieve excellence in our workplace. While everyone who works for the Company must contribute to the creation and maintenance of such an environment
 our executives and management personnel assume special responsibility for fostering a work environment that is free from the fear of retribution and will bring out the best in all of us. Supervisors must be careful in words and conduct to avoid placing
 or seeming to place
 pressure on subordinates that could cause them to deviate from acceptable ethical behavior. 

3. Protect Yourself
 Your Fellow Employees
 and the World We Live In


 safe
 and healthy work environment
 and to observe environmentally sound business practices. We will strive
 at a minimum
 to do no harm and where possible
 to make the communities in which we work a better place to live. Each of us is responsible for compliance with environmental
 health
 and safety laws and regulations. Observe posted warnings and regulations. Report immediately to the appropriate management any accident or injury sustained on the job
 or any environmental or safety concern you may have. 












 it is a minimum
 absolutely essential condition for performance of our duties. &nbsp;In conducting business
 we shall:




 directors and employees must strictly adhere to all antitrust laws. &nbsp;Such laws exist in the United States
 the European Union
 and in many other countries where the Company may conduct business. &nbsp;These laws prohibit practices in restraint of trade such as price fixing and boycotting suppliers or customers. &nbsp;They also bar pricing intended to run a competitor out of business; disparaging
 misrepresenting
 or harassing a competitor; stealing trade secrets; bribery; and kickbacks. 




 we must always be alert to and comply with the security laws and regulations of the United States and other countries. 




 directors and employees
 directly or indirectly through their families or others
 from purchasing or selling company stock while in the possession of material
 non-public information concerning the Company. &nbsp;This same prohibition applies to trading in the stock of other publicly held companies on the basis of material
 non-public information. To avoid even the appearance of impropriety
 Company policy also prohibits officers
 directors and employees from trading options on the open market in Company stock under any circumstances.


 non-public information is any information that could reasonably be expected to affect the price of a stock. If an officer
 director or employee is considering buying or selling a stock because of inside information they possess
 they should assume that such information is material. It is also important for the officer
 director or employee to keep in mind that if any trade they make becomes the subject of an investigation by the government
 the trade will be viewed after-the-fact with the benefit of hindsight. Consequently
 officers
 directors and employees should always carefully consider how their trades would look from this perspective.








 Health Enhancement Products must be fair and accurate in all reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. &nbsp;Officers
 directors and management of Health Enhancement Products are responsible for ensuring that all reports are filed in a timely manner and that they fairly present the financial condition and operating results of the Company. 











 directors and employees have an obligation to give their complete loyalty to the best interests of the Company. &nbsp;They should avoid any action that may involve
 or may appear to involve
 a conflict of interest with the company. &nbsp;Officers
 directors and employees should not have any financial or other business relationships with suppliers
 customers or competitors that might impair
 or even appear to impair
 the independence of any judgment they may need to make on behalf of the Company. &nbsp;





 or potential competitor
 regardless of the nature of the employment
 while employed by Health Enhancement Products. 



 payment
 or services from those seeking to do business with Health Enhancement Products. 



 director or employee or his/her family. 



 or substantial interest in
 a company that is a competitor
 client or supplier.



 client or supplier.





 directors and employees are under a continuing obligation to disclose any situation that presents the possibility of a conflict or disparity of interest between the officer
 director or employee and the Company. &nbsp;Disclosure of any potential conflict is the key to remaining in full compliance with this policy.




 do not attempt to obtain and do not accept such information from any source. 


 you must be certain that all statements
 communications
 and representations are accurate and truthful. 




 received
 or given in exchange for the furnishing or receipt of business courtesies. &nbsp;Officers
 directors and employees of Health Enhancement Products will neither give nor accept business courtesies that constitute
 or could be reasonably perceived as constituting
 unfair business inducements or that would violate law
 regulation or policies of the Company
 or could cause embarrassment to or reflect negatively on the Company&#146;s reputation. 

9. Maintain the Integrity of Consultants
 Agents
 and Representatives


 representatives
 or consultants must certify their willingness to comply with the Company&#146;s policies and procedures and must never be retained to circumvent our values and principles. &nbsp;Paying bribes or kickbacks
 engaging in industrial espionage
 obtaining the proprietary data of a third party without authority
 or gaining inside information or influence are just a few examples of what could give us an unfair competitive advantage and could result in violations of law. 







 suppliers
 customers
 and competitors may sometimes divulge to you information that is proprietary to their business. &nbsp;Respect these confidences. 




 information resources
 material
 facilities
 and equipment is your responsibility. &nbsp;Use and maintain these assets with the utmost care and respect
 guarding against waste and abuse
 and never borrow or remove Company property without management's permission. 




 however
 that their involvement and participation must be on an individual basis
 on their own time
 and at their own expense. In the United States
 federal law prohibits corporations from donating corporate funds
 goods
 or services
 directly or indirectly
 to candidates for federal offices -- this includes employees' work time. Local and state laws also govern political contributions and activities as they apply to their respective jurisdictions
 and similar laws exist in other countries. 




 the Company&#146;s controls and reporting procedures and the Company&#146;s business conduct. 




 the Audit Committee shall determine whether violations of the Code have occurred and
 if so
 shall determine the disciplinary measures to be taken against any employee or agent of the Company who has so violated the Code.


 which may be invoked at the discretion of the Audit Committee
 include
 but are not limited to
 counseling
 oral or written reprimands
 warnings
 probation or suspension without pay
 demotions
 reductions in salary
 termination of employment and restitution.


 in addition to the violator
 others involved in the wrongdoing such as (i) persons who fail to use reasonable care to detect a violation
 (ii) persons who if requested to divulge information withhold material information regarding a violation
 and (iii) supervisors who approve or condone the violations or attempt to retaliate against employees or agents for reporting violations or violators.





































 an Arizona corporation


 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

























of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended


 Andrew D. Dahl
 certify that:


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;);


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure the material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly through the period in which this report is being prepared;



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations
 and



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.



 2013




























of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended


 Philip M. Rice II certify that:


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;);


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure the material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly through the period in which this report is being prepared;



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations
 and



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.



 2013






























(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350

Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code)


 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Andrew D. Dahl
 Chief Administrative Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350)
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:






 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 



 2013









 INC. AND WILL BE RETAINED BY HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.


























(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350

Chapter 63 of Title 18
 United States Code)


 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Philip M. Rice II
 Chief Accounting Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350)
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:






 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 



 2013









 INC. AND WILL BE RETAINED BY HEALTH ENHANCEMENT PRODUCTS
 INC. AND FURNISHED TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ITS STAFF UPON REQUEST.



















	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 Inc. and Subsidiaries&amp;#146; (the Company) business model is to derive future income from licensing and selling natural bioactive ingredients derived from their proprietary algae cultures to animal and dietary supplement and medical food manufacturers. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Currently
 the Company&apos;s focus is on research and identification of its bioactive ingredients and is not currently selling its product commercially. Its wholly owned subsidiary
 HEPI Pharmaceuticals


248
405 and $2
731
610 during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $3
270
482 and a stockholders&amp;#146; deficiency of $3
956
191 at December 31
 2012. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&apos;s ability to continue as a going concern. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;There can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from external sources such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would
 therefore
 have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that any such required funds
 if available
 will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company&amp;#146;s existing stockholders.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability or classification of asset-carrying amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Company is attempting to address its lack of liquidity by raising additional funds
 either in the form of debt or equity or some combination thereof. &amp;nbsp;There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to raise the additional funds it requires.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY:Symbol&quot;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-1.5pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;received proceeds of $650
000 through the sale of common stock and exercise of common stock warrants;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY:Symbol&quot;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-1.5pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;received proceeds of $732
000 through the issuance of convertible debt&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY:Symbol&quot;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-1.5pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;raised an aggregate amount of $ 258


 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation and HEPI Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounting Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; - &lt;/b&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &amp;nbsp;Actual results could differ from those estimates. &amp;nbsp;Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted
 solicit external professional advice and other assumptions believed to be reasonable. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; -&lt;/b&gt; For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have any cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;PAGE-BREAK-BEFORE:always; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &amp;#150; &lt;/b&gt;Property and equipment consists of furniture
 office equipment
 and leasehold improvements
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
 generally five to seven years. &amp;nbsp;Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend the economic life of an existing fixed asset are expended as incurred. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;BACKGROUND:white&quot;&gt;The authoritative guidance for fair value measurements defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or the most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are (i)&amp;nbsp;independent
 (ii)&amp;nbsp;knowledgeable
 (iii)&amp;nbsp;able to transact
 and (iv)&amp;nbsp;willing to transact. The guidance describes a fair value hierarchy based on the levels of inputs
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value which are the following: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;BACKGROUND:white&quot;&gt;Level 1 &amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-1.5pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;BACKGROUND:white&quot;&gt;Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;BACKGROUND:white&quot;&gt;Level 2 &amp;#150; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-1.5pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;BACKGROUND:white&quot;&gt;Inputs other than Level&amp;nbsp;1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or corroborated by observable market data or substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;BACKGROUND:white&quot;&gt;Level&amp;nbsp;3 &amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-1.5pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;BACKGROUND:white&quot;&gt;Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the value of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts payable
 loans payable
 obligations to issue common stock
 accrued expenses and customer deposits. &amp;nbsp;All of these items were determined to be Level 1 fair value measurements.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The carrying amounts of cash and equivalents
 accounts payable
 loans payable
 obligation to issue common stock and customer deposits all approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Financing Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Company follows authoritative guidance for accounting for financing costs as it relates to convertible debt issuance cost. &amp;nbsp;These costs are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt period or until redemption of the convertible debentures. &amp;nbsp;Amortization of deferred financing costs amounted to $108
727 and $43
984 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset might not be recoverable. &amp;nbsp;An impairment loss
 measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value
 is recognized if the carrying amount exceeds estimated undiscounted future cash flows.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Company believes its current assumptions and estimates are reasonable and appropriate; however
 unanticipated events and changes in market conditions could affect such estimates
 resulting in the need for an impairment charge in future periods&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 no such events or circumstances occurred causing an impairment charge.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;For revenue from product sales
 the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;SAB No. 104&amp;#148;)
 which superseded Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;SAB No. 101&amp;#148;). SAB No. 104 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management&amp;#146;s judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers
 estimated returns and allowances
 and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company ceased the sales of its sole product in the fourth quarter of 2011
 and therefore recognized no provision for the years ended December 31
 2011 or December 31
 2012.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;PAGE-BREAK-BEFORE:always; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 no shipping and handling costs were incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Research and Development&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The Company accounts for research and development expenses under two main categories:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY:Symbol&quot;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-1.5pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Research Expenses
 consisting of salaries and equipment and related expenses incurred for product research studies conducted primarily within the Company and by Company personnel. Research expenses were approximately $137
000 and $42
000 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY:Symbol&quot;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-1.5pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Clinical Studies Expenses
 consisting of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent external entities. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $540
000 and $336
000 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Company follows the authoritative guidance for accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes are determined using the asset and liability method. &amp;nbsp;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2012 and 2011 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition
 utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards are subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the &amp;#147;change in ownership&amp;#148; provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry-forwards before utilization.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/i&gt;Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&amp;#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. &amp;nbsp;The company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. &amp;nbsp;At the date of grant
 the company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. &amp;nbsp;The fair value of the stock option or warrant award is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During 2012 and 2011
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. &amp;nbsp;As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $48
489 and $130
862 during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The fair value of warrants was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions: &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:77.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:11.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:79.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;224&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:168pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Year Ended December 31
 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:77.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:11.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:79.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:77.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;114.66% to 125.11%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:11.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:79.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;60.75% to &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;77.05%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:77.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:11.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:79.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Expected term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:77.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:11.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:79.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Risk free rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:77.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;.25% to .33%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:11.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:79.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;.25% to 3.1%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;PAGE-BREAK-BEFORE:always; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&amp;#146;s opinion the existing models may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee options.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Loss Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the Company&amp;#146;s net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per share is based on the treasury stock method and includes the effect from potential issuance of common stock such as shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of warrants and conversions of debentures. &amp;nbsp;Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2012
 consisted of 18
698
000 common shares from convertible debentures and 16
365
209 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2011
 consisted of 10
375
778 common shares from convertible debentures and 17
393
430 common shares from outstanding warrants. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Diluted and basic weighted average shares are the same
 as potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising / Public Relations Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Advertising/Public Relations costs are charged to operations when incurred. These expenses were $26
500 and $1
420 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents. &amp;nbsp;The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions which exceed the current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#147;FDIC&amp;#148;) limit of $250
000 at times during the year. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Certain items in these consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Future Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;In July 2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued ASU No. 2012-02
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment&amp;#148; &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASU 2012-02&amp;#148;). ASU 2012-02 gives entities an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset impaired. If based on its qualitative assessment an entity concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount
 quantitative impairment testing is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 quantitative impairment testing is not required. ASU is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. ASU 2012-02 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;In December 2011
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued ASU No. 2011-11
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASU 2011-11&amp;#148;)&lt;i&gt;. &lt;/i&gt;ASU 2011-11 enhances current disclosures about financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either offset on the statement of financial position or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement
 irrespective of whether they are offset on the statement of financial position. Entities are required to provide both net and gross information for these assets and liabilities in order to facilitate comparability between financial statements prepared on the basis of U.S. GAAP and financial statements prepared on the basis of IFRS. ASU 2011-11 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. ASU 2011-11 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position or results of operations. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;PAGE-BREAK-BEFORE:always; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;In September 2011
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-08 (&amp;#147;ASU 2011-08&amp;#148;)
 which updates the guidance in ASC Topic 350
 &lt;i&gt;Intangibles &amp;#150; Goodwill &amp;amp; Other&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in ASU 2011-08 permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described in ASC Topic 350. The more-likely-than-not threshold is defined as having a likelihood of more than fifty percent. If
 after assessing the totality of events or circumstances
 an entity determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. The amendments in ASU 2011-08 include examples of events and circumstances that an entity should consider in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. However
 the examples are not intended to be all-inclusive and an entity may identify other relevant events and circumstances to consider in making the determination. The examples in this ASU 2011-08 supersede the previous examples under ASC Topic 350 of events and circumstances an entity should consider in determining whether it should test for impairment between annual tests
 and also supersede the examples of events and circumstances that an entity having a reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount should consider in determining whether to perform the second step of the impairment test. Under the amendments in ASU 2011-08
 an entity is no longer permitted to carry forward its detailed calculation of a reporting unit&amp;#146;s fair value from a prior year as previously permitted under ASC Topic 350. ASU 2011-08 is effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2011. The adoption of ASU 2011-08 did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;In May 2011
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2011-04 (&amp;#147;ASU 2011-04&amp;#148;)
 which updated the guidance in ASC Topic 820
 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement. &lt;/i&gt;The amendments in ASU 2011-04 generally represent clarifications of Topic 820
 but also include some instances where a particular principle or requirement for measuring fair value or disclosing information about fair value measurements has changed. ASU 2011-04 results in common principles and requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The amendments in ASU 2011-04 are to be applied prospectively. For public entities
 the amendments are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2011. The adoption of ASU 2011-04 did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective


 2012 and 2011 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; fixtures&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;51
617&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;51
617&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;112
879&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;112
879&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;151
859&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;148
359&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;316
355 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;312
855&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;(303
152)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;(229
309)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;13
203&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;83
546&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Depreciation and amortization was $73
843 and $91
433 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


 2012 and 2011 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:214.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:61.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:14.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:214.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:61.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:14.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:214.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:61.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:14.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:214.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Patent applications pending&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:61.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;14
501&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:14.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;14
501&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:214.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:61.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;8
267&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:14.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;7
300&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:214.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:61.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;6
234&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:14.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;7
201&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s definite-life intangible assets are being amortized
 upon being placed in service
 over 15 years
 the estimated useful lives of the assets
 with no residual value. Amortization expense was $967 and $967 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


 LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;On December 2
 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (&amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $2
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the initial principal amount of $600
000 (&amp;#147;Note&amp;#148;) and (iii) (a) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (b) an IP security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in each case order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company&amp;#146;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&amp;#146;s obligations under the Note. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;As of December 5
 2011
 the Lender had advanced the Company $600
000
 consisting of $500
000 in cash and $100
000 previously advanced by the Lender in connection with a transaction previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 12
 2011. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Lender has agreed to advance the remaining $1
400
000 in $250
000 increments (final increment of $150
000) upon request of the Company&amp;#146;s CEO
 subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company has agreed to (i) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision)
 expiring September 30
 2016 and (ii) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $2
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;PAGE-BREAK-BEFORE:always; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Amounts advanced under the Note are (i) secured by all the Company&amp;#146;s assets
 (ii) convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.12 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market
 (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum and (iv) must be repaid as follows: &amp;nbsp;accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note December 1
 2013. The Company has also agreed to a specified use of proceeds. &amp;nbsp;The Note may be prepaid upon sixty days written notice
 provided that the Company shall be required to pay a prepayment premium equal to 5% of the amount repaid.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Company has made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. &amp;nbsp;These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&amp;#146;s senior management
 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Company recorded a debt discount of $500
000 against this transaction. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company recorded a derivative liability of $552
988. &amp;nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. &amp;nbsp;We valued this stock utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;volatility 151.45%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .27%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company has recognized other income of $24
422 representing the change in fair value of this derivative liability. &amp;nbsp;We marked this derivative liability to fair value at December 31
 2011 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;volatility 151.49%
 annual rate of dividends 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the first quarter of 2012
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $100
000 pursuant to its previously disclosed agreement to invest up to $2
000
000 in convertible notes. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the second quarter of 2012
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $325
000. The Company recorded a debt discount in the amount of $500
000 on $500
000 principal
 to reflect the beneficial conversion feature of the convertible debt and fair value of the warrants in accordance with ASC standards (the debt discount calculation was inclusive of investments made in the fourth quarter of 2011 and the first quarter of 2012). The Company valued the beneficial conversion feature and recorded the amount of $445
147 as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and as an addition to paid-in capital. Additionally
 the relative fair value of the warrants ($54
853) was calculated and recorded as a further reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and an addition to additional paid-in capital. These transactions were valued utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation relying on the following assumptions: volatility of 140.93%-143.36%
 annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .25%. In connection with the $500
000 in convertible notes
 the Company recorded non-cash finance charges of $16
575 during the three months ended June 30
 2012.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the third quarter of 2012
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $41
000. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the fourth quarter of 2012
 HEP Investments advanced the Company an additional $120
592. &amp;nbsp;According to the terms of the agreement
 a threshold of $250
000 must be reached. &amp;nbsp;Until this threshold is reached
 the differential of $184
592 is classified as Loan Payable &amp;#150; Related Party (Note 6).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Venture Group&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;On January 27
 2012
 the Company and The Venture Group
 LLC
 a Maryland limited liability company (&amp;#147;Venture Group&amp;#148;)
 entered into the following agreements
 effective as of January 26
 2012: (i) a Subscription Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance $500
000 to the Company
 as follows: &amp;nbsp;$332
000 on January 26
 2012
 which advance has been made
 and $168
000 by February 3
 2012
 (ii) a Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of $500
000 (&amp;#147;Note&amp;#148;); (iii) (a) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a subordinated security interest in all of its assets and (b) an IP security agreement under which the Company granted the Lender a subordinated security interest in all its intellectual properties
 including patents
 to secure its obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents; and (iv) a Termination and Mutual Release Agreement under which the Company and Venture Group terminated their prior agreements and released each other from any liability
 including liabilities related to the financing agreements they previously executed (See Form 8-K Current Report dated December 2
 2011). In addition
 the Company and Oxford Holdings LLC entered into a Termination and Release Agreement under which the Company and Oxford Holdings
 LLC terminated their prior agreement and Oxford Holdings released the Company from any liability
 including liabilities related to the agreement they previously executed. &amp;nbsp;The Company also acknowledged an intercreditor agreement between Venture Group and HEP Investments
 LLC
 the Company senior secured lender. &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 Venture Group has advanced an aggregate of $389
000 to the Company. &amp;nbsp;$332
000 has been classified as a convertible debenture payable and the remainder $57
000 has been classified as Loan Payable &amp;#150; Other (Note 6). &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;PAGE-BREAK-BEFORE:always; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;In addition
 the Company has agreed to issue the Lender warrants to purchase an aggregate of 833
333 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share
 for a term of three years from January 27
 2012. &amp;nbsp;The Warrants are issuable to the Lender pro rata based on the amount invested in relation to the total investment amount (about 166
667 warrants per $100
000 invested). Accordingly
 the Company recorded finance charges of $293
282 related to 553
112 warrants valued at $111
125 and excess finance charges of $182
157.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Amounts advanced under the Note are (i) secured on a subordinated basis by all the Company&amp;#146;s assets
 (ii) convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at $.12 per share
 (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum (payable on the first and second anniversary of the Note (unless earlier paid off)
 in cash or stock
 at the Company&amp;#146;s option)
 and (iv) unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note (January 27
 2014). The Note may be prepaid upon thirty days written notice
 but not before August 31
 2012
 provided that in the event of prepayment
 the Company must pay the Lender an additional 5% of the outstanding principal amount. &amp;nbsp;The Company has agreed to pay the following aggregate fees to Oxford Holdings
 LLC in connection with the Loan transaction (assuming funding of the full $500
000): (i) finder&amp;#146;s fees of approximately $27
600 in cash
 (ii) warrants to purchase 200
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.15 per share for a term of two years
 and (iii) a $15
000 non-accountable expense allowance. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 The Company has agreed to pay Venture Group $10
000 in cash in payment of the Venture Group&amp;#146;s legal fees.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Other Debt&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company issued eleven (11) three (3) year convertible notes aggregating $134
500 of principal and a debt discount of $130
421 was recorded. &amp;nbsp;These notes are due at various dates from February 2014 through August 2014 and are convertible at $.125 per share. &amp;nbsp;The convertible notes include warrants to purchase 1
614
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at $.125 per share. &amp;nbsp;The warrants expire at various dates from February 2014 through August 2014. In connection with the $134
500 in convertible notes
 the Company recorded non-cash finance charges of $119
020. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the three months ended March 31
 2012
 1% Convertible Debentures in the amount of $47
500 matured and were extended by a Note Holder and significant shareholder of the Company. Under the terms of the extension agreement the Notes will all be extended by two years from their original maturity date. &amp;nbsp;These modifications were not considered significant under ASC standards.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the three months ended June 30
 2012
 1% Convertible Debentures in the amount of $37
600 that matured
 as well as $70
000 in 1% Convertible Debentures that were due to mature in the third quarter were extended by a Note Holder and significant shareholder of the Company. The extensions were requested by the Note Holder for no consideration. These modifications were not considered significant under ASC standards.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Convertible debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-3pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;1% Convertible notes payable
 net of unamortized discount of $45
300 &amp;nbsp;and $98
814 respectively
 due at various dates ranging from January 2014 to September 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;440
300&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;386
786&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;11% Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized discount of $517
542 &amp;nbsp;and $479
167
 respectively
 due December 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;482
458&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;120
833&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-3pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;11% Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized discount of $178
393 &amp;nbsp;and $-0-
 respectively
 due January 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;153
608&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;0&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;1
076
366&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;507
619&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Less: &amp;nbsp;Current portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;482
458&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;84
226&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Long term portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;593
908&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;423
393&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Amortization of the debt discount on all convertible debt was $668
747 and $142
412 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


 2011
 the Company was obligated to issue
 an aggregate 1
595
320 shares of common stock valued at $307
664 to certain investors and Great Northern Reserve Partners
 LLC
 a former consultant (Andrew Dahl
 CEO of the Company
 was principal partner of Great Northern and Reserve Partners). &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company became obligated to issue an additional 145
378 shares valued at $29
814 to certain investors. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 the total amount of shares to be issued was 1
740
698 shares at a total value of $337


 2011
 the Company issued 1
866
667 shares of common stock and received proceeds of $180
000 for the exercise of warrants. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company issued 400
000 shares of common stock and received proceeds of $50
000 from investors. &amp;nbsp;Pursuant to a private placement
 convertible debentures were issued during the quarter ended March 31
 2011
 for which a discount of $62
500 was recorded
 and warrants to purchase 1
240
000 shares of common stock were repriced
 resulting in deferred finance costs of $57
706. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Finally
 the Company issued 100
000 shares of common stock for services
 valued at $25
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the quarter ended June 30
 2011
 the Company issued 740
000 shares of common stock and received $92
500 in proceeds from investors. &amp;nbsp;The Company issued 500
000 shares of common stock and received $50
000 in proceeds upon the exercise of warrants. Pursuant to a private placement
 convertible debentures were issued during the quarter ended June 30
 2011
 for which a discount of $52
000 was recorded. The Company issued warrants to purchase 75
000 shares of common stock valued at $8
584 for services
 and issued 333
334 shares of common stock in satisfaction of an obligation to issue common stock valued at $50
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the quarter ended September 30
 2011
 the Company issued 1
100
000 shares of common stock and received $130
000 in proceeds from investors. &amp;nbsp;The Company issued 16
000 shares of common stock upon the cashless exercise of 24
000 common stock warrants. &amp;nbsp;Pursuant to a private placement
 convertible debentures were issued during the quarter ended September 30
 2011
 for which a discount of $15
921 was recorded. In addition
 in July
 2011
 the Company issued a significant shareholder
 Christopher Maggiore
 warrants to purchase 3
000
000 shares at an exercise price of $.25 per share for a term of three years. &amp;nbsp;These warrants were issued to Mr. Maggiore in consideration Mr. Maggiore providing financing to the Company which prevented him from being able to avail himself of a company offer to certain warrant holders to exercise their warrants on a reduced exercise price basis. The Company recognized finance costs of $203
069 in connection with the grant.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;PAGE-BREAK-BEFORE:always; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the quarter ended December 31
 2011
 the Company issued 37
594 shares of common stock
 valued at $10
000
 to a consultant. &amp;nbsp;The Company issued 920
000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 180
000 shares of common stock and received $115
000 in proceeds from investors. &amp;nbsp;The Company issued 1
317
398 shares of common stock
 and warrants to purchase 1
976
097 shares of common stock in repayment of loans from a significant shareholder totaling $164
675
 and recognized finance costs of $178
538 from this transaction. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;On December 2
 2011
 the Company and HEP Investments
 LLC
 a Michigan limited liability company (&amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;)
 entered into the following documents
 effective as of December 1
 2011: (i) a Loan Agreement under which the Lender has agreed to advance up to $2
000
000 to the Company
 subject to certain conditions
 (ii) a Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the initial principal amount of $600
000 (&amp;#147;Note&amp;#148;) and (iii) (a) a Security Agreement
 under which the Company granted the Lender a security interest in all of its assets and (b) an IP security agreement under which the Company and its subsidiaries granted the Lender a security interest in all their respective intellectual properties
 including patents
 in each case order to secure their respective obligations to the Lender under the Note and related documents. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company&amp;#146;s subsidiaries have guaranteed the Company&amp;#146;s obligations under the Note. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;As of December 5
 2011
 the Lender has advanced the Company $600
000
 consisting of $500
000 in cash and $100
000 previously advanced by the Lender in connection with a transaction previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 12
 2011. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Lender has agreed to advance the remaining $1
400
000 in $250
000 increments (final increment of $150
000) upon request of the Company&amp;#146;s CEO
 subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company has agreed to (i) issue the Lender warrants to purchase 1
666
667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share (including a cashless exercise provision)
 expiring 09/30/2016 and (ii) enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with respect to all the shares of common stock issuable to the Lender in connection with the Loan transaction
 in each case subject to completion of funding of the full $2
000
000 called for by the Loan Agreement. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Amounts advanced under the Note are (i) secured by all the Company&amp;#146;s assets
 (ii) convertible into the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock at the lesser of $.12 per share or a 25% discount off of the ten day trailing quoted price of the common stock in the over the counter (OTC) market
 (iii) bear interest at the rate of 11% per annum and (iv) must be repaid as follows: &amp;nbsp;accrued interest must be paid on the first and second anniversary of the Note and unpaid principal not previously converted into common stock must be repaid on the second anniversary of the Note (December 31
 2013). The Company has also agreed to a specified use of proceeds. &amp;nbsp;The Note may be prepaid upon sixty days written notice
 provided that the Company shall be required to pay a prepayment premium equal to 5% of the amount repaid.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Company has made certain agreements with the Lender which shall remain in effect as long as any amount is outstanding under the Loan. &amp;nbsp;These agreements include an agreement not to make any change in the Company&amp;#146;s senior management
 without the prior written consent of the Lender. Two representatives of the Lender will have the right to attend Board of Director meetings as non-voting observers.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the quarter ended March 31
 2012
 as compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 200
000 shares of common stock to Philip M. Rice (CFO and a Director) in January
 2012
 at an exercise price of $.12 per share.&amp;nbsp; The warrants have a term of three years and vest as follows: 50
000 were vested on the grant date with the remainder vesting throughout 2012 on a quarterly basis. The warrants vested during the quarter ended March 31
 2012
 and each subsequent quarter
 were valued at $10
721 using the Black Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: closing stock price of $.24
 an expected volatility of 125.11%; annual rate of dividends 0%; &amp;nbsp;and a risk free &amp;nbsp;rate of 0.33%. In addition
 as part of a convertible debt agreement entered into with Venture Group (see Note 7 &amp;#150; Convertible Debt)
 the Company recorded a debt discount of $332
000 and finance costs of $293
282.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the quarter ended June 30
 2012
 the Company sold 400
000 shares of its common stock and 40
000 common stock warrants to a related party for proceeds of $50
000 as part a subscription agreement to issue 2
400
000 common shares and 240
000 warrants at $.125 per unit (See Note 9 &amp;#150; Related Party Transactions &amp;#150; Stock Subscription Agreements). &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;PAGE-BREAK-BEFORE:always; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the quarter ended September 30
 2012
 the Company sold 874
467 shares of its common stock and 87
447 common stock warrants to a related party for proceeds of $109
308 as part a subscription agreement to issue 2
400
000 common shares and 240
000 warrants at $.125 per unit (See Note 9 &amp;#150; Related Party Transactions &amp;#150; Subscription Agreements). &amp;nbsp;In addition the Company issued 120
000 shares of its common stock and 12
000 common stock warrants to another related party at a unit price of $.125 for total proceeds of $15
000. Also
 during the quarter
 the Company issued 1
720
000 shares of common stock and 172
000 common stock warrants to investors at a unit price of $.125 for total proceeds of $215
000. Finally
 as compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock to Brian Young (a Director) in July
 2012
 at an exercise price of $.12 per share.&amp;nbsp; The warrants have a term of three years and vest as follows: 12
500 were vested on the grant date with the remainder vesting on a quarterly basis. The warrants vested during the quarter ended September 30
 2012
 and each subsequent quarter
 were valued at $2
773 using the Black Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: closing stock price $.23
 an expected volatility of 114.66%; an annual rate of dividends 0%; a risk free rate of 0.25%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the quarter ended December 31
 2012
 the Company sold 1
125
533 shares of its common stock and 112
553 common stock warrants to a related party for proceeds of $140
692 in completion of a subscription agreement to issue 2
400
000 common shares and 240
000 warrants at $.125 per unit (See Note 9 &amp;#150; Related Party Transactions &amp;#150; Stock Subscription Agreements). &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company issued 80
000 shares of its common stock and 8
000 common stock warrants to another related party at a unit price of $.125 for total proceeds of $10
000. Also
 during the quarter
 the Company issued 600
000 shares of common stock and 60
000 common stock warrants to investors at a unit price of $.125 for total proceeds of $75
000. Also
 during the quarter
 the Company received $35
000 from an investor for 350
000 common stock warrants that were exercisable at $.10 per share. Finally
 an investor received 11
797 shares as part of a cashless exercise of 233
333 common stock warrants that had an exercise price of $.15.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;A summary of the status of the Company&amp;#146;s warrants is presented below.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;175&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:131.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;175&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:131.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;20
413
430&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;15
856
999&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;1
425
112&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;11
055
097&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;(583
333)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;(2
740
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;(4
890
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.23&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;(3
758
666)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;16
365
209&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;$ 0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;20
413
430&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;$ 0.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Warrants outstanding and exercisable by price range as of December 31
 2012 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;232&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:174pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Outstanding Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;148&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:111pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Exercisable Warrants &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Remaining&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Contractual&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Exercise&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Range&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Life in Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.100 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;35
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;0.49&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;35
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.100&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.120 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;840
612&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;2.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;790
612&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.120&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.125 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;7
464
597&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;1.84&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;7
464
597&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.125&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.150 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;2
850
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;1.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;2
850
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.150&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.225 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;600
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;0.86&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;600
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.225&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.250 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;4
175
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;0.61&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;4
175
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.250&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.500 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;400
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;0.48&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;400
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;16
365
209&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;1.60&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;16
315


 Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder
 paid expenses of $164
675 on behalf of the Company that were repaid as follows: &amp;nbsp;on November 1
 2011
 the Company issued 664
848 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 997
272 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.125 per share in repayment of $83
106
 and recognized finance costs of $88
380. &amp;nbsp;On December 1
 2011
 the Company issued 652
550 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 978
825 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.125 per share in repayment of $81
568 and recognized finance costs of $90
158. &amp;nbsp;At December 31
 2011 there was no balance due. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the fourth quarter of 2012
 Mr. Maggiore loaned the Company $15
000 which was still outstanding as of December 31
 2012.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock Subscription Agreements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;On May 10
 2012
 Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 2
400
000&amp;nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one shares of Common Stock (or 240
000 warrants in total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $300
000. &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 Mr. Maggiore had fully funded the subscription.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the quarter ended September 30
 2012
 Robert McLain
 a significant shareholder
 subscribed to the acquisition for 120
000&amp;nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 12
000 warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the quarter ended December 31
 2012
 Mr. McLain subscribed to the acquisition for 80
000&amp;nbsp;Units
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock
 $.001 par value of the Company and warrants to purchase one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock (or 8
000 warrants total)
 at a per unit price of $.125 for an aggregate purchase price of $10
000.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;License Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Christopher Maggiore has an equity interest in Ceptazyme
 LLC
 the purported assignee of Zus Health under the license agreement discussed under Note 12 &amp;#150; License Agreement. &amp;nbsp;Robert McLain
 
 a significant shareholder
 also has an equity interest in Ceptazyme
 LLC
 the purported assignee of Zus Health under the license agreement discussed under Note 12 &amp;#150; License Agreement. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Board of Directors fees&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the fourth quarter of 2011
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 900
000 shares of stock to the board members and 200
000 shares of stock to our science board member. &amp;nbsp;These warrants have an exercise price of $.15 and a term of 3 years. &amp;nbsp;The warrants were valued at $87
278 using the Black Scholes pricing model (see Note 10 &amp;#150; Stockholders&amp;#146; Deficiency).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 300
000 shares of stock of the Company to its three (3) board members. These warrants have an exercise price of $.12
 vest quarterly
 and have a term of 3 years. The warrants were valued at $57


 2011
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with Andrew Dahl. &amp;nbsp;Under the terms of Mr. Dahl&amp;#146;s employment agreement
 he will be CEO for one year
 subject to automatic renewal for successive one year terms
 unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days&amp;#146; notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement. &amp;nbsp;Mr. Dahl will be compensated as follows: &amp;nbsp;he will receive an annual base salary of $240
000. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl is entitled to monthly bonus compensation equal to 2% of the Company&amp;#146;s revenue
 but only to the extent that such bonus amount exceeds his base salary for the month in question. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 Mr. Dahl will be entitled to warrants having an exercise price of $.25 per share
 upon the attainment of specified milestones as follows: 1) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon identification of bio-active agents in the Company&amp;#146;s product and filing of a patent with respect thereto
 2) Warrants for 500
000 shares upon entering into a business contract under which the Company receives at least $500
000 in cash payments
 3) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement with a research company to develop &amp;nbsp;medicinal or pharmaceutical applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 4) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a co-development agreement for nutraceutical or dietary supplement applications (where the partner provides at least $2 million in cash or in-kind outlays)
 5) Warrants for 1
000
000 shares upon the Company entering into a pharmaceutical development agreement.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Workers&amp;#146; Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Company does not carry workers&amp;#146; compensation insurance


 2013 the Board of Directors reappointed Philip M. Rice II
 the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Financial Officer
 as a director for a 1 year term. &amp;nbsp;Mr. Rice received warrants to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.12 per share for a term of three years
 vested at 12
500 per quarter. &amp;nbsp;The terms of the appointment also includes a cash payment of $10
000. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;On March 18
 2013
 the Company was advised of an agreement between HEP Investments and Christopher Maggiore. &amp;nbsp;On March 11
 2013
 HEP Investments
 LLC entered into a Participation Agreement with Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder of the Company
 under the terms of which Mr. Maggiore has become a member of HEP Investments
 LLC. Accordingly
 loans made by Mr. Maggiore to the Company aggregating $462
000 ($15
000 at December 31
 2012 and $447
000 during the period January 1
 2013 through March 5
 2013) have been reclassified as loans payable to HEP Investments
 LLC as part of the Loan Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note entered into on December 2
 2011 (see Note 7 - Convertible Debt). Upon this reclassification
 HEP Investments
 LLC has reached a $500


 2012 and 2011 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; fixtures&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;51
617&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;51
617&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;112
879&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;112
879&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;151
859&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;148
359&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;316
355 &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;312
855&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;(303
152)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;(229
309)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;246&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:184.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;13
203&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;108&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:81pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;83


 2012 and 2011 consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:214.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:61.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:14.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:214.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:61.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:14.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:214.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:61.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:14.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:214.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Patent applications pending&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:61.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;14
501&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:14.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;14
501&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:214.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:61.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;8
267&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:14.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;7
300&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;286&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:214.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;82&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:61.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;6
234&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;19&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:14.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;81&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;7


 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;175&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:131.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Number of&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;20
413
430&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;15
856
999&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Issued&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;1
425
112&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;11
055
097&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;(583
333)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.15&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;(2
740
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;(4
890
000)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.23&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;(3
758
666)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding
 end of period&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;16
365
209&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;105&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:78.75pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;$ 0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;70&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:52.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;20
413

	

 2011 with HEP Investments
 LLC
 the Company recorded a derivative liability of $552
988. &amp;nbsp;This represents the future value of the stock to be issued under the terms of the convertible debt. &amp;nbsp;We valued this derivative liability utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.17
 expected volatility of 151.45% over the two year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends 0% and a risk free interest rate of .27%. &amp;nbsp;In addition
 the Company has recognized other income of $24
422 representing the change in fair value of this derivative liability. &amp;nbsp;We marked this derivative liability to fair value at December 31
 2011 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.25
 a volatility of 151.49% over the remaining 1.92 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;On April 4
 2012
 as part of the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $496
375 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 143.36% over the remaining 1.66 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;On May 8
 2012
 as part of the HEP Investments agreement
 as a result of reaching certain funding thresholds
 the Company was required to record an additional derivative liability of $507
916 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.29
 an expected volatility of 140.93% over the remaining 1.57 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .25%.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;On December 31
 2012
 the Company valued the derivative liability at $1
026
128 utilizing the Black-Scholes method of valuation using the following assumptions: &amp;nbsp;closing stock price of $.19
 an expected volatility of 151.75% over the remaining 0.92 year contractual life of the note
 an annual rate of dividends of 0%
 and a risk free rate of .26%. The fair value of the derivative decreased by $506
729 which has been recorded in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31


 Christopher Maggiore
 a significant shareholder
 &amp;nbsp;paid expenses of $164
675 on behalf of the Company that were repaid as follows: on November 1
 2011
 the Company issued 664
848 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 997
272 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.125 per share in repayment of $83
106
 and recognized finance costs of $88
380. &amp;nbsp;On December 1
 2011
 the Company issued 652
550 shares of common stock and 978
825 warrants to purchase common at an exercise price of $.125 per share in repayment of $81
568 and recognized finance costs of $90
158. &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2011 there was no balance due. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During the fourth quarter of 2012
 Mr. Maggiore advanced the Company $15
000. &amp;nbsp;As of December 31
 2012 this amount was still unpaid.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Others&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During 2012
 the Venture Group loaned the Company $57
000. &amp;nbsp;This money was related to the overall financing of $500
000 as discussed in Note 7.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During 2012
 HEP Investments loaned the Company $186
592
 as part of its overall funding commitment of $2
000


 2010
 the Company entered into a multi-year exclusive worldwide License Agreement (&amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;) for its ProAlgaZyme &amp;#174; product (&amp;#147;Product&amp;#148;) with a distributor of health and nutritional products
 Zus Health
 LLC (&amp;#147;Zus&amp;#148;). &amp;nbsp;Under the terms of the Agreement
 Zus had the exclusive right to distribute the Product to customers and distributors worldwide
 excluding pharmaceutical applications and food
 supplement and medicinal ingredient applications outside of multi-level
 network or affiliate marketing (&amp;#147;MLM&amp;#148;). &amp;nbsp;On January 9
 2012
 we notified the sole known representative of the exclusive distributor that it has been determined that there have been multiple material breaches by Zus Health
 LLC (as well as its purported assignee
 Ceptazyme
 LLC) of its License Agreement with the Company dated September 2
 2010
 and that they immediately cease any and all activities with respect to the sale or distribution of HEPI products. &amp;nbsp;The Company had received a payment of $255
000
 as provided in the Agreement
 for the exclusive distribution rights. &amp;nbsp;The Company filed a lawsuit in Michigan against Zus Health and Ceptazyme on January 9
 2012
 alleging breach of contract. Subsequently
 Ceptazyme filed suit in Utah against the Company on January 24
 2012
 also alleging breach of contract. &amp;nbsp;Until this matter is resolved
 the Company has classified the remaining $235
000 as Deferred Revenue


 2012 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;232&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:174pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Outstanding Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;148&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:111pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Exercisable Warrants &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Weighted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Remaining&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Average&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Contractual&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Exercise&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Range&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Life in Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Number&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.100 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;35
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;0.49&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;35
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.100&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.120 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;840
612&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;2.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;790
612&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.120&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.125 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;7
464
597&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;1.84&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;7
464
597&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.125&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.150 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;2
850
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;1.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;2
850
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.150&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.225 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;600
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;0.86&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;600
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.225&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.250 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;4
175
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;0.61&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;4
175
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.250&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.500 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;400
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;0.48&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;400
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$ &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;0.500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;80&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:60pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;86&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:64.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;16
365
209&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;78&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:58.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;1.60&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;68&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:51pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;16
315


 Inc. and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries
 Health Enhancement Corporation and HEPI Pharmaceuticals


 which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 at the date of the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &amp;nbsp;Actual results could differ from those estimates. &amp;nbsp;Management uses its best judgment in valuing these estimates and may
 as warranted


 cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents balances at financial institutions and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000. At times
 balances in certain bank accounts may exceed the FDIC insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased. At December 31
 2012


 office equipment
 and leasehold improvements
 and are carried at cost less allowances for depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is determined by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets


 (ii)&amp;nbsp;knowledgeable
 (iii)&amp;nbsp;able to transact
 and (iv)&amp;nbsp;willing to transact. The guidance describes a fair value hierarchy based on the levels of inputs
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value which are the following: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;BACKGROUND:white&quot;&gt;Level 1 &amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-1.5pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;BACKGROUND:white&quot;&gt;Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;BACKGROUND:white&quot;&gt;Level 2 &amp;#150; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-1.5pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;BACKGROUND:white&quot;&gt;Inputs other than Level&amp;nbsp;1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or corroborated by observable market data or substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;BACKGROUND:white&quot;&gt;Level&amp;nbsp;3 &amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-1.5pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;BACKGROUND:white&quot;&gt;Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the value of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
 accounts payable
 loans payable
 obligations to issue common stock
 accrued expenses and customer deposits. &amp;nbsp;All of these items were determined to be Level 1 fair value measurements.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The carrying amounts of cash and equivalents
 accounts payable
 loans payable


727 and $43
984 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


 measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value
 is recognized if the carrying amount exceeds estimated undiscounted future cash flows.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Company believes its current assumptions and estimates are reasonable and appropriate; however
 unanticipated events and changes in market conditions could affect such estimates
 resulting in the need for an impairment charge in future periods&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; For the years ended December 31


 the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;SAB No. 104&amp;#148;)
 which superseded Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;SAB No. 101&amp;#148;). SAB No. 104 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (3) and (4) are based on management&amp;#146;s judgment regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers
 estimated returns and allowances
 and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company ceased the sales of its sole product in the fourth quarter of 2011
 and therefore recognized no provision for the years ended December 31
 2011 or December 31




 consisting of salaries and equipment and related expenses incurred for product research studies conducted primarily within the Company and by Company personnel. Research expenses were approximately $137
000 and $42
000 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY:Symbol&quot;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-1.5pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Clinical Studies Expenses
 consisting of fees
 charges
 and related expenses incurred in the conduct of clinical studies conducted with Company products by independent external entities. External clinical studies expenses were approximately $540
000 and $336
000 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


 2012 and 2011 were primarily attributable to net operating loss carry forwards. Since the Company has a history of losses
 and it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a full valuation allowance has been established. In addition


 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/i&gt;Under the provisions of FASB ASC 718
 stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the award&amp;#146;s fair value and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. &amp;nbsp;The company generally issues grants to its employees
 consultants and board members. &amp;nbsp;At the date of grant
 the company determines the fair value of the stock option award and recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period. &amp;nbsp;The fair value of the stock option or warrant award is calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;During 2012 and 2011
 warrants were granted to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company. &amp;nbsp;As a result of these grants
 the Company recorded compensation expense of $48
489 and $130
862 during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The fair value of warrants was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions: &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot;&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:77.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:11.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:79.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;224&quot; colspan=&quot;3&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:168pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;Year Ended December 31
 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:77.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:11.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:79.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:77.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;114.66% to 125.11%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:11.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:79.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;60.75% to &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;77.05%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:77.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:11.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:79.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Expected term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:77.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:11.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:79.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;3 years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;163&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:122.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Risk free rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:77.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;.25% to .33%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;15&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:11.25pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;106&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:79.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;.25% to 3.1%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;PAGE-BREAK-BEFORE:always; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition
 option-pricing models require the input of highly subjective assumptions
 including the expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate


 2012
 consisted of 18
698
000 common shares from convertible debentures and 16
365
209 common shares from outstanding warrants. Potentially dilutive securities as of December 31
 2011
 consisted of 10
375
778 common shares from convertible debentures and 17
393
430 common shares from outstanding warrants. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Diluted and basic weighted average shares are the same


500 and $1
420 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011



	

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued ASU No. 2012-02
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment&amp;#148; &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASU 2012-02&amp;#148;). ASU 2012-02 gives entities an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset impaired. If based on its qualitative assessment an entity concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount
 quantitative impairment testing is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 quantitative impairment testing is not required. ASU is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. ASU 2012-02 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;In December 2011
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued ASU No. 2011-11
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASU 2011-11&amp;#148;)&lt;i&gt;. &lt;/i&gt;ASU 2011-11 enhances current disclosures about financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either offset on the statement of financial position or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement
 irrespective of whether they are offset on the statement of financial position. Entities are required to provide both net and gross information for these assets and liabilities in order to facilitate comparability between financial statements prepared on the basis of U.S. GAAP and financial statements prepared on the basis of IFRS. ASU 2011-11 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. ASU 2011-11 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position or results of operations. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;PAGE-BREAK-BEFORE:always; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;In September 2011
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-08 (&amp;#147;ASU 2011-08&amp;#148;)
 which updates the guidance in ASC Topic 350
 &lt;i&gt;Intangibles &amp;#150; Goodwill &amp;amp; Other&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in ASU 2011-08 permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described in ASC Topic 350. The more-likely-than-not threshold is defined as having a likelihood of more than fifty percent. If
 after assessing the totality of events or circumstances
 an entity determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. The amendments in ASU 2011-08 include examples of events and circumstances that an entity should consider in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. However
 the examples are not intended to be all-inclusive and an entity may identify other relevant events and circumstances to consider in making the determination. The examples in this ASU 2011-08 supersede the previous examples under ASC Topic 350 of events and circumstances an entity should consider in determining whether it should test for impairment between annual tests
 and also supersede the examples of events and circumstances that an entity having a reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount should consider in determining whether to perform the second step of the impairment test. Under the amendments in ASU 2011-08
 an entity is no longer permitted to carry forward its detailed calculation of a reporting unit&amp;#146;s fair value from a prior year as previously permitted under ASC Topic 350. ASU 2011-08 is effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2011. The adoption of ASU 2011-08 did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;In May 2011
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2011-04 (&amp;#147;ASU 2011-04&amp;#148;)
 which updated the guidance in ASC Topic 820
 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement. &lt;/i&gt;The amendments in ASU 2011-04 generally represent clarifications of Topic 820
 but also include some instances where a particular principle or requirement for measuring fair value or disclosing information about fair value measurements has changed. ASU 2011-04 results in common principles and requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The amendments in ASU 2011-04 are to be applied prospectively. For public entities
 the amendments are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2011. The adoption of ASU 2011-04 did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:0.5in; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Management does not believe there would have been a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective


 2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:center; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;center&quot;&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-3pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;1% Convertible notes payable
 net of unamortized discount of $45
300 &amp;nbsp;and $98
814 respectively
 due at various dates ranging from January 2014 to September 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;440
300&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;386
786&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;11% Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized discount of $517
542 &amp;nbsp;and $479
167
 respectively
 due December 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;482
458&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;120
833&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-INDENT:-3pt; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;11% Convertible note payable
 net of unamortized discount of $178
393 &amp;nbsp;and $-0-
 respectively
 due January 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;153
608&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;0&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;1
076
366&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;507
619&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;Less: &amp;nbsp;Current portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;482
458&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;84
226&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;358&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:268.5pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Long term portion&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 2.25pt double; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;593
908&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;20&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:#ece9d8; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:15pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;112&quot; style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM:black 1pt solid; BORDER-LEFT:#ece9d8; PADDING-BOTTOM:0in; BACKGROUND-COLOR:transparent; PADDING-LEFT:0in; WIDTH:84pt; PADDING-RIGHT:0in; BORDER-TOP:#ece9d8; BORDER-RIGHT:#ece9d8; PADDING-TOP:0in&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot;&gt; &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN:right; MARGIN:0in 0in 0pt&quot; align=&quot;right&quot;&gt;423



	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			



		


		




				


				




		















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.heponline.com/20121231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt





































		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.heponline.com/20121231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.heponline.com/20121231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt








		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		











 net of unamortized discount of $45
300 and $98
814 respectively





		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		










		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		










		




		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		






		


		


		
		


		
		
		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		



 net of unamortized discount of $178
393 and $-0-
 respectively





		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		

 typically the entity&apos;s common stock



		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		



 2011



		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		







 a significant shareholder


 a significant shareholder



		
		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 depletion and amortization (related to property
 plant and equipment



		
		


		

 net of income taxes



		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		








		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		



 net of unamortized discount of $517
542 and $479
167
 respectively





		
		


		


		


		
		
		


		


		
		


		




		


		


		


		



 net of Discount of $223
692 and $577
106 at December 31



		


		
		


		


		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		








		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		


		


		
		
		








		
		


		


		


		
		






		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		




		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		



 2011 issued shares of common stock


 2011 issued shares of common stock



		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		



 $.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 100
036
350 and 105
317
816 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2012



		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		








		
		


		
		
		


		


		
		


		


		








		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		


















		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		

 for rental to others
 or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures



		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		






		


		






		




		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		






		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		






		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		



 less discount of $517
542 and $875 at December 31









		



 2013 through March 5


 2013 through March 5



		
		


		






		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		








		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		




		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		






		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		






		
		


		


		
















		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.heponline.com/20121231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				






















































































































































































































































begin 644 f10k123112_ex3z11001.jpg


M`#-D97-C```!A````&QW='!T```!\````!1B:W!T```!````!1R6%E:```
M&````!1G6%E:```+````!1B6%E:```0````!1D;6YD```5````'!D;61D
M```Q````(AV=65D```#3````(9V:65W```#U````1L=6UI```#^````!1M
M96%S```$#````1T96-H```$


0``````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````6%E:(```
M`````/-1``$````!%LQ865H@`````````````````````%A96B````````!O

`````````%DE%0R!H='1P.B\O=W=W+FEE8RYC:```````````
M````%DE%0R!H='1P.B\O=W=W+FEE8RYC:```````````````````````````


M('-21T(`````````````````````````````9&5S8P`````````L4F5F97)E

0``````````
M````+%)E9F5R96YC92!6:65W:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV-BTR

M$


@`W`#L`0`!%`$H`3P!4

M`LLU0+@`NL]0
``PL#%@
A`RT#.`-#`T\#6@-F`W(#?@.*`Y8#H@.N`[H#

+PLBSD+40MIX`+F`NP
M\@+X0OY#!(
*@Q##%P

P`S9#/
-#0TF#4`-6@UT#8X-J0W##=X-

2PQ+C$P
3
M(Q-#$V

;HQ
M\C(J
F
RFS+4
PTS1C-_
[@S\30K-&4TGC38-1


M!4A+2)%(UTD=26-)J4GP2C=*?4K$2PQ+4TN:2^)
*DQR3+I-`DU*39--W$XE

5)\4L=3$U-?4ZI3]E15(]4
MVU4H5755PE8/5EQ6J5;W5T17DE?@6]8?5C+61I9:5FX6@=:5EJF6O5;15N5







(N6
MB_R






MWRG?K^`VX+WA1.'


M]XKX&?BH^3CYQ_I7^N?[=_P'_)C]*?VZ_DO^W/]M____[@`.061O8F4`9(``
M```!_]L`0P`

M
#(U
C`I-SL[.SLW.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[_]L`0P$-PL0#A`B&!@B,B@A
M*#([,C(R,CL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[0$!`0$`[0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`
M0$!`0$!`_\``$0@&3P38`P$B``(1`0,1`?_$`!\```$%`0$!`0$!````````
M```!`@,$!08'`D*__$`+40``(!`P,!`



1!`4A
08205$'87$3(C*!
M!1D:&QP0DC


MI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3U-76U]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S
M]/7V]_CY^O_:``P#`0`$0,1`#\`]5HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`I*6B@!*6BDS0`M%)FB@`I:**`BBB@`HI**`%I**6@!**6B@`HHI*`%HI*
M6@!**6B@!*6DHH`6BDHH`*6BB@`I*6DH`*6BB@`HHHH`***2@!:*2EH`****
M`DI:2@`I:2EH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BDHH`6BDI:`DI:2@`HHI:`BBDS0`M)0*#0`44EH`2EI**`%HH
MI!0`M)2T4`)10:!0`M%%%`!24M%`444M`!1124`+124M`!12&@4`+1249H`
M6BBB@!*6DHH`6BDHH`6DHHH`*6BB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M*2EH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@!**6B@!*6BB@`HHHH`***2@!:0T44``HHI:`
MBBB@!**6DH`****`%HI**`#K1THI:`BDI:`BBB@!*6BB@`I**
T`+124M`
M44M%`&C%+10`4444`)12T4`%)2T4`)2T44`%%%%`4M)2T`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%)10`M%)2T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%)2TE`!2TE%`T444`%%%%`





MQ=


MS\WO[4W6/'5]IUG:2KL)G1F;*GJ

L'
:D\*^
M-[W6I)EE?NXFD&T8Y!^IH`[WO2UB^$=7DUW3H[B3`9LYP
=&(]ZV:`%I***
M`EI*6@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@!**6B@!*6BB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`I*6D
MH`***6@`HHI*`%HI**`%HI**`%HI**`%I***`BBEH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`I*6B@!*#110`@I310:`./U4_\`%46G_7%_YTGB[_D,Z;_OM_(4NJ#/BBT_
MZXR?SI/%W.L:;_UT;^0H`\^E/_$[/_7W_PU:=XQXUFY/_31?_05IDY_XGA_

M`+)76_%E=VGQ_P#75?\`T%JYP;/AVZ_Z[Q_^R4`6/I/]DZD!_SS'\FK7M?
M^/S1?^N3?^@UC^$CC2]2_PN0_DU:MLVV[T7_KDW_H-`'+6!_P)VG_7T?\`


_L$_]`%==J/\`R
#^]BW]:`



MO_$NU/\`ZXC^34`:]D?])T4_]
V_]!KF+4?\3Q?:Z_\`:M=-9G_2-$_ZYM_Z
M#7



]R/^G=_P#T(56\


M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4E%%`T4E+0`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%)0`M)110`4M)2T`%%%%`!1110`4444`)2TE%`TE%%`!12TE`
M!112T`)12T4`)2TE%`T44E`T444`%%%%`!1244`%+244`+1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44E%``:!0:!0`4&

MW]*`//;GC7#_`-??_M6G^
SMUBX_ZZ+_`.@I4=P/^)X?^OK_`-JU)XT_Y#%S

M/]`T7_KJW_H5`'1?%G_D'1_]=5_]!:N.L!_Q3MU_UWC_`/9*[#XL\:='_P!=
M5_\`06KC['CP[=^TT?\`[)0!-X5XTS4O^N0_DU:ML


M.[




3?
M^RT`7;4_\2K3O^OMO_0S74?%'_D&+_UVC_G7*V?_`M-_Z^S_Z&:ZGXHG_B

M#G5H?]U__06H`[WX8?\`(
/_`%UDKD[C_D%:G_U]C_T
5U?POYTP_P#7:3^=


ME_UR3^;5/\./^/FY_PO=_\`T(4`=Q\-CG18?^!?^AM74UROPT_Y`L/_``+_
M`-#-=50`E`I:2@!:***`DHHH`*6DI:`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`I*6DH`***6@`HHHH`2C-%%`T4E+0`F:
T8HQ0`M)2TE`9I1S
M2=:4@!:***`BBB@`HHHH`****`$HQ12T`)BBEHH`*2EHH`3I1110`M%%%`
M!1129H`6DHI:`BBB@`HHHH`2BEHH`2BEHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**2B@!:*
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*2EHH`2@4M%`&@]*6D(S0!QVK

(W[O
M


54C\):;%;

M.2..(!91MD&6.X?G[U*/#UDC0L(QF`;8N3\H/I0!X[9X&MKG_G[/_HVO0OBB
M0MA%G_GO'_6MA?!NEI




9@&V+K\OTJL/!VF+-YPA&_=O


:_J'O:#^0KLM1TJWU5`DR!U#!L'U'?
MBF'1[8S/




GYA

UUGQ0`&EC_KM'

-W[V@_
MD*Y'X?8&KPCVD_\`0&KUP:1:B=I]@WNOELW/*^E5;'PGINF2B6*(*PSALMW&




9_Y9)_-JL?#H@W5R/^G=_P#T


^&ASHD/_


F_P#N[A0!?I.:KWE_#IZ[



MP]O6IKFYCM$+R$*HZD\@2C/%-BD690RD$'D$50D\1:?$[(T\893A@6`Q0!
MH#)I:H2:]8Q14S($)P&W#!HMM:L[UML4J.3TL:`+]+312T`+1244`+112
M4`+1110`4444`%)2TE`!1110`M)2TE`!2TE+0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%)0`M%)10`M%%%`!2$9I:*`$%%%%`!1MH%+0`4A'-%!H`3=S3J:.*=0
M`E)2T8H`**6DH`,TL7Q/KAT6$



I'&%63:
MS2;LL%*.4P
8ZL#^%`&_FBL&35;Z\M5GMDCX4LPE)^\N05X]


T44M`&C-)BE`H`!111G-`!1BEH
MH`*0BBB@`[T&EI*`$Z4HI,4HH`6DI:2@`I:2EH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`$SB@'-!&:`
4`+28HILLJQ*6)P`






M`OU@^QB[/V;^[M^;;Z9_S]*[.VM$M(5B3A54*OT`Q0!Y!X3U'_A&R;@G`EAF


HE3:





TG6@#F/)N]/@CMO):0
M$
TS(5ZNQ8J




#S


3EV9?O!%W;?K70XKSZ?3Y9=1NI=
G3?G%Q#*O?'N.10!W&
MFZE!J\*S0MN1NAJP1FO


MTA('2O--#OI8-4LQ&]P(YE;=Y[[O



M*VT4
\DP



MKB
_+$-NV-I1*T;8Y!P3CUH`ZVEI!10`M%)FC-`T44E`&@4II!0`II*7K2
M$XH`44M)C%%`TE'2B@`S1UHQFC%`!BBEI*`EI*6@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`I*6DH`*6DI:`BBB@`I*6DH`*6DI:`DI:2@`HHI:`$HI:*`BBB@!#2#
MBG4E`TE%+0`E&:,48H`6BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`I*
M6B@!*6BB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH




M=.?K74_#27R;UU_OK_+)I#/3J!0.E`H`6DI:*`$%+2#BEH`0USVJ^!K#5YC

A(5O


.5_#WJAX]\17FA7
MMOY+':59FC`!W;2


J







X&&_(T7`FB\%:;#`T(CRC$-@LQP1TQS
MQ5W2=$M=%4B!-NXY8Y))^I/-8TWC^&/S]L
K_9V*RE0N!COUKH;*\348$F3[


UQ/@N\62X?R;LS0[
^7-GS5;/OP15_\`X3J+
M^RFO_+;:K[-N1G[VV@#IS29KEI]9


MA#!BU48VNTDK'[BJ
\#U-`'0BEK`\%7
MUI



M*!BT444`)BCI2T4`)FN`\4W&H7]^$:UDFMHCPBY`D8#J3@\`]J[_`#67K'B6
MRT






6<_9Q



=ODW1RF0JFUC_`!J&'2O3
M,5S][XZTS3[@P.S94[6(4E5/H30!S^J^%)[.^\Y(#/&\21[(W*;&0`#N5J3


R[?E'J:ET?QC8Z]
8H6.X`L-PQN`[B@#%T7







M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@!****`
MEI*6@`HHHH`2BEHH`2BEHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*

?7\/\`
M]7:*X1[`Y`X`Q_G_`#_]9B);;1?MF`DN67_/I_G\L3C3);

7/XCM]?\_P#U



'Z^U`QX&W/MQQWKV?POIPTVQC3&&(R_^










#B/[





0KXZ;J`NR;PI=27^FP2
MR'+
@W$]Z\YU-))X=1F@*K;B8&6-L%G(/S8]
UZIING1:5`L

H8A6/J10%SG+B.2WU!+FT\IO-MD!@F8!D0#K]
?UJ7P;



AU/2?)QGRCNV_P!S8/\`
MZ]=V;2)X?**@IMV;3TQC&*RM&\(6&AS&6)/F/`));:#V&:`.:ET2'0]=LDB)
MR_FN[


MJ[B@-3QVUUG.IV]Y.'\QG9I1M/`^ZBIW(&:U-0$\$U]?P7
8*/ADQDG9CY3N




PD*R(58=<CI20S[69NA/3_/\`G_!AH=^;:RNE&=F.
M_.W'TZ?Y^G$MJEEIZ
HV@9Z;NOYG_/X5YQ#*1D'KV_S_`)_P20EDYZY_S_G_

*HP*L#-&:=0
3I0



*8F)XILDPJ5#QIV/J:Z.33GGTK[/_$8=G_`
MMF*\WT:Q/FV<4$$D=S%)FXD(XPO7]/I^-%@-O6?%VH17%T8Y(XUM6B)U^:0
M'N


M.*U-4\

L68?WAT%`&Y
FN2VL+0S0E_F
K]5(/W2O'I63I_B

PCO2#)IU`&DQ2T4`!H%+24`&**6B@!!2<YI:*``B@C-%+
M0`@HQ11F@!,9I:6B@!!12T4`(:,YH-`&*`%HHHH`2BEHH`2EHHH`****`BB


MUTECX?LM

=A`N*.AI:*0PHHHZT`&:6DQ2T`%%%%`!244









M+JVHZOJ5S%;2)+0#@J&\QB,\YZJ-OXROFTBWD!!FN93'(`_

MHS7&)?ZE8:@=/DE\PS0L\4I55*L
]AQ52V\7WFHVMI!&VVYDE
4QP/E$?WS@
M^HH`[ZDQ2@8I:`$HHHH`6DHHH`6BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@!*6BB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*2EI*`BBB@!:***`


M4%M





KC.[!W#OZUT.



M`HI*6@`HHHH`*2EI*`EI*6@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`I*6B@!**6DH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`#-&:
44`%+244`+124M`!1110`44E%`T4F:*`%HI*
M*`%HI**`%HI**`%HI**`%HI**`%HI**`%HI**`%HI**`%HI**`%HI**`%HHH
MH`****`BD-`H`6BDH%`T444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4E%%`!1110`4M)2T`)11UH`Q0`M
M%)1F@`I:2B@!:*2B@!:2BB@`I:2EH`*2EI*`EI**`%HI**`%HI**`%HI**`
M%HI
TF:`'44W-+F@!:*3-&:`%HI**`%HI**`%HI**`%HI**`%HHHH`****`
MDHHH`**,T4`+1110`4E+10`F*,4M%`8HQ2T4`%%%%`!1129H`6BDHS0`M%)
MFB@!:*3-%`T444`%%%%`!1129H`6BDI:`BBB@`HHHH`2BEHH`0T=*#1UH`
M*6DHH`6BDS10`M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`44M%`44M%`444M`!2$T4E`BBO+9]5UO5=4N+:UE(*.

?_`!-`T+Q9
M_P`_`_[[_P#L:-1Z'H^:
UYS_8'BH];D#_@?_P!C1_PCGBG_`)^1_P!_#_\`
M$T:BNCT;=1FO.?\`A&_%/_/S_P1&_PH_P$9\4_\_7_`)$;_BSZ/1J
UY

MCT:BO./^$$UW_G]_\B2?X4?\()KW_/[_`.1)/\*+



+H]&W`49S7G(^%EU_S]G\F_P#BJ/\`A5=P
M?^7L_DW_`

M\519AS(]$\Q?6CS%]17G@^%$@ZW1_P^3_\`%4O_``J=_P#G[;_OG_[*BS%S
M(]\Q:/
4=Z\]_X5
W_/TW_?/_V=+_PJ5O\`GZ;_`+Y_^RHLQW1Z#YB^M-^T

?]Y?S

M0_C7\Q7!_P#HHA_R\-_WR/\:/\`A4,/_/R__?(_QHLPN=W_`&A`.LB?]]C
M^T+;_GHG_?0KA?\`A4

M0H_M&W/_`T3_OH5Q`^$5N/^6[_]\K2_\*AMS_R\2?DM%F%SM3J=L/\`EJG_
M`'TO^-)_:EK_`,]4_P^E_QKC!\(K5?^6[_B%IW_``J2U/\`RVD_)?\`BS


MXUR(^$=B/^6LA_[Y_P`*=_PJ2Q_YZR?^.?\`Q-%O
+^1U@UJR/\`RVC_`.^U


319]POY'4_\)!8'_EO'_WVO^-'_0:?_SWC_[[7_&N7_X5
M+IW_`#TE_-?_`(FE_P%3:=_?D_-/_B:+/N%UV.G/B#3Q_RWC_[[7_&D_P$
MBT__`)^(_P#OM?\`&N9/PGT[^_+^:_X4G_I]._OR_FO^%%O
+^1TX\1Z=_S

M4L`Q&./^`T6\POY'?VE]!?IOB=77.

M+24M`8I:**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`DI:2@`I:2B@!:*2EH`*0TM%`8HI:2@#SGPJ
^)KOZ2?^AK7HN`
M*\[\*G_BI[OZ2?\`H:UZ+B@``Q1@444`)MQ1S2T9H`
T444`%&*6DH`3%+11
M0`4444`%&***`C%+10`4F*6DH`,44M)0`4F*7%&*!B`8I:,44#%&*6DH`
M48I:*`$HQ12T`)BC%+10`F*
4M(:`#%%`I:`$HQ10*`#%&*6DH`
48I:3-`!
MBBC-+0`E%+10`F*
4M%`44M)0`8HQ2TAH`*,49I:`$Q12TF*`BC%&*`BC
M%%%@%HI!2T`)1110`4448HL`444M`&DQ2XHQ0`L/QL/^)/=?\`7-JW:Q/&
M@SI%R/\`IFU`&5\+_P#D%G_KJ_\`2NPKCOA;_P`@L_\`75_Z5V-`!24M%`4
MM%)0`M%)10`M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4E+24`%%%%`!2T4E`T4E+0`AHHI&H`\Z\*_\`(T7?_;3_`-6O1Z\Z\
#
M'BB[_PVG_H25Z+0`E%%+0`4E+10`4444`%%)1F@`I:*2@!:*3-`.:`EHI*
M`%I***`%I*6B@`HHHH`****`BDHH`*,T48H`,T9HQ1B@`%+24`T`+1110`4
ME+2&@!:*044`!H%)2B@`-`H-`H`6DQ2T4`)BEHHH`****`BBB@`I
T`YHH`
M**6B@!
44M%`!1110`44F:!0`M%%%`!129HS0`4M)FEH`*2BB@!:***`DI:
M2@!:Q/&7_()N?^N;?RK:K%\9?\@FY_ZYM_*@#)^%G_(+;_KJ_P#2NPKD/A=_
MRS_`-=7_I77B@!:***`DI:*`$HHHH`6BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB



ME6%9-UXWTFSE*/.

O\`D$W/_7-OY5MU


2MO^NK_P!*[`4`
M+1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111



MZ%!C^5`%?Q!\




@#CIO&
MW.N+<R.Q@C?*+CHNW'3ZFNN\3:GI.M:9#<7!D\IW!38/FSAAR#^-<<FF6__
M``DOV;8/*\[;Y?;&S/\`.ND^)=C#8Z5%%$H15E&%7@#Y6Z4`::[I_A[0XWA
M+F-@R0DCYLG=U_&O.O4FE!V%^K
&J@4'J3ST(]:[[0+#4?#
0D0/MC=EW


(U48&&`&X8[Y


M:=`^V
%=:L]*MBKVCS.Y.7P#Q
MZ#/3BE\
W#0ZZCV\3Q1R

M

.
M
M66IKJ^G+.O\`'&3]#CG]:`L8$?Q2T]T9BK@@#X&6).
#FDTGXGV=](4E0PC











ICHV&






MD$?WJ]*HZ4@/*?'MI+)KJ
J
1B+)`)'WZV?B9X8N-2V74`+E%*L@ZXZ@CUQ7



MMU&P9WW.5&0/-4X_F


$%?




LYTXPP


M/&(3*C'/`+*2.`P*]



M`-!H`Q_A=_R#&_ZZO_[+78UQOPM.=
;_`*ZM_PRUV5`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%)2TE`T4
M44`%%%%`!1110`4C4M(:`/.?#/'BFZ_[:?S2O1J\X\-?\C5=?]M/_9*]'H`#

;<UK)(W`8`[E(Z;L=*FFM[#7-0F4L]O<1D+N1]A
!)
%E#8^HS7%O

M^4;N

PP?;BL.#1EUN748\[6$

-=(KS._EQ)#G#
WW1\WZU'XE`.H:?_UV

M:Z*RO([^%98SE74

@BDX94^

5//7'2KW]K2C5)+;`VK`LP/?)9@1^

)U:-AU1UB7:PJOX=OYM0U2?SUVRQVPAD]V5SR/8T`7-)U/

+(#\F_=M!S_=YK%T;PK+?:%&]

8.RX@[J2V')ZDX//TH`M-=ZYIVV6



'WKJ80ZJ-V
X^;'3/M

5R/]66Z4OBFT?2`VH0C*M'Y=R@_B



2KN:1P&W-G[N
\8[FJ'A+54M--
M
LK%81*R0

MI)!`G]PL7V!O]WC-6[.[OM)O(H+N1)1.&V

C\!7-
M6VNP:%IMS8R9\]#*B1XY?S68H1[?



M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MDI:*`BBB@`HHHH`***2@`H-%!H`\Y\.?\`(TW/_;3_`-DKT:O.?#?_`-5
MU_VT_P#9*]&[T`+12&B@!:2EHH`2EHHH`*2EHH`::`:6C%`!61/82P:BMS$
MJZ^5







M`CA@2W4(@@=`HP*26SBGSN13N&#D`Y`YP:EI:`&,@D!5AD'@BHWL8)%LBD



M:_\`UU;_`-!6NSH`2EI*6@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBDH`6BDI:`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`DI:2@!:*2EH`***0T`%%`I:`$H-!HH`\Z\

44
MM%`!28I:2@`HI:*`$HI:*`$`Q0:6DH`!2T44`-(I1110`44M%`48I:*`$%%
M+10`E+110`F:,T8HQ0`448HQ0`448HH`,TE+BC%``*R/%O\`RKG_KD__H-:

M)2TE+0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1124`+124M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1244`+1244`+124M`!1110`444

T`+2TS/UI=U`#J2@'-%`!1110`M)11F@`Q1BDS

MD47`**-PI
T`+1FDS2Y%`!2TW(HW#VH`7-)FC-&:`%S12%L4!LT`+11FC-`!

MBBB@`HHI*`%HI*6@`HHHH`**2EH`****`BBB@`I*6B@!*6BB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@!**6B@!**6B@!*6BDH`6BDHH`6BDI:`BBB@!*6BB@`I*6DH`***6@
M`HHI*`%HI*6@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BDHH
M`6BDI:`BBB@!,4E.I.E`'EMY:ZQI6M7%S;0LVYCM;:6!#8^GI5W_A(/%('_
M`![_`/D/_PO7HF!1B@#SG_A(?%7_/L?^^/_`*]']O\`BEO^6'_C@_QKT?%%
M%D&IYQ_;?BL_\L?_`!P?XT?VOXL_YY?^.+_C7H^*

M_C1_:GBT_P#++_QQ*]'Q1BC0+L\X_M'Q=_SR_P#'8_\`&E_M#Q=_SS_\=C_Q

&BR#4\Y^T^




M+V[_`*QT?8O%Y_C_`/'HZ]'Q1MHL@NSSC[#XO_O_`/CT='V'Q?\`W_\`QZ/_
M``KT?%)MHL@NSSC[#XO_`+__`(]'_A0;#Q?_`'__`!Z

M=XN/_+3_`

M\6_\]3_WVO\`A7I6*


O'_D3_
M`.M2CP[XK_Y^








M_P#BJ](%&*+BL8?A'PX?#%L8^_+%LXQU`'J?2MRDQBG4#$HHHH`6BDHH`6B
MDHH`6BBB@`HHHH`***2@`HHI:`$I:**`BBB@!*6BB@!**6B@`I*6DH`6BDI
M:`BBDH`6BDHH`6BD%+0`444E`T4E+0`4444`%)12T`)2T4E`T444`%)0:
M!0`4M)10`4444`%+244`+1110`E+110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`4444`%+244`+1110`E&:#0!0`8HQ2TAH`*
44@`Q11S2
MT`)FEI*
XH`6DHS10`4M)2T`%(:
T46`3-*.:
4@`I:3-(2:+`+110*`B
MBB@!.E+FD/6EH`6DI

M!:2EI*`#-%%%`!12T4`)12T4`)12T4`)12T4`)12T4`)12T4`)12T4`)12T4
M`)12T4`)1BEHH`2BEHH`2EHHH`*2EHH`2EI**`%I
44M`4M%%`4M(:!0`M
M%%%`!24M%`44M%`!1110`4444`)12T4`)2T44`%%(:*`B@YHH`*
TA!HQ0

MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*2EI*`EI**`%I*6B@M?7\6FQ-+*=JKRQ-
M,GU6WDBC9@&FSY8YYP
GM63X_A:;1K@*
G;T_X$IK%O-1@UG4--6!_
V;W?


K+GZ9`JCXXE$^@S


].5.#4(UVT-[]CW_O=
MN_;@]/KTKD_`WB:PT^Q$$LH5_

3PR;


7:L3&7$?3D
S;1D5?LM6AOY9HDSNA8(^1W(SQ7DKZ











.H;7\L$C&/FX?9TSZUA6FMW6


@#GK7.PZM_8.L7;RQ2L)


MSJL










M






M'-!I
T`+TH[T=:*`$`Q2FEHH`:*7-%%`!1110`M)2TE`!2TE+0`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4E+24

M@T@H`7%!&:6B@!:3ITI30#0`8H-+2&@`'--.2?:E!I:`$I0
4M)0`8IH!!













M!V
GQ
TU=I`D(/4[?N^Q_P#K9J2;XC:;;SB/YRI./-`^3/UKF[V.


M?E:%0R2*





E%@N
M=)X@\90:%*(`C2RL
B./KCWI='\5V_B27RPR/&'1^&'!Z5S*7
6A^*YI+K
?B5&09%MI3

7E]]^.OY\YH
MY/\0_$7G6$8M]Q2?YO.7[N!_?K_2M?X?V\4-D62)XMQ^;?_$0!\P]C7(ZG
M9RV/A*-9@03(&`/7#



TF%[K7-4C7J







MX+


M^T$M;JW

M**`BBB@`HHHH`0T8H(H'%`'I7&:[))K@\N?39'VD[7#J#U[$5VE%`'GFEZ

MZ=*2_5FD0MCT[5)HAN?#JNL&GR@.=S9D1N:[8TM`6/.[W3)-0N_M3:;+OR&.

M
AZC'\J33XKG2;5K6/36

?*D
H:9



?ND]*`L9\5KJ45K]E%C#
MY7]PRY'7/<'O573MO-+D\V'3X58=#YS-CZ9KN'F2
@$@$^IIS.$Y)H%8X[[
M-JOVS[7]BA\W&W?YK9QT^E.6UU5+HW0LH!*PVE_



MEL43&U2[8&!CT]*T?!7B63Q/:O
Z,J^SG_`&0?ZUMQWT4K;%=2WH&!-`6.


M
%_$L?B2$R`!#N(

-(VFZN\
MB2F*T+H


:FP]'W#;^=%T&IE+Q`#]^W_[Y?\`QJDW




M2]9CD




`
\B1@_WB

M_

MU=WB@#%`'

M+2M8@7:D\*@=A#C_`-FI(]'UB(DK/W)(AY_P#0JZ
]:6BP'
3:'JTS!GG@
M9AT8P`G^=2+I&L*Q87
E
M:PG'VJ

8

M`%%)10`M%)10`M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M444E`TE%%`!2TE+0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4E+24`%+24M`!1110`4444`%%%
M)F@!:*2C-`T4F:!0`M(:6D-``*6DH!H`6BBDH`*
449H`**
YI:`$HI:2@`




MXK^





M*DFDQZKK2:9(6\BVB&U
XR0HYX[G/6I19Q^%?$





M6:/.3]WY3TJQ\6$D;35V]!*N[_OE@/U-9OA.\L?#$A47ZO#SB+:WWCCDG''2
MNAU#Q5H6I0O#-

MJ-NTL1S^1KDY--TQ%
::FPA)^YM?I]!@'\JZ6QU#PY9V#60E#(X._(;+$]_N
M]:-`

EEE9
GOM#`&GK:6


MITZ_TF2&*4

^NV





^H]ZDU^_TK7K&*

@I=12'LI/L0:F!S7EGBWPQIN@VOGVTK+*&7:-P;/OQSQ72KXP:QCL


UOX@C1[R2V$!



J(6*E




DAL[9IHHOOR9QT]/\Y]JZ/0-=@\0VPGBX[
IZ@^E`
M%NZO8;+!D=4!_O$#^=22S)A=F`4#)8GBN^+@W0VPZDR
!^*U!8ZZ=0T&[M
M9B?.@B96SU*C@?ET/_UZ`.].IVXA$WF+Y9Z/N&W\ZA7Q!8'CSX_^^U_QKSO4

MGTYK


M0W&#\[[BN[MTXQ^%%_


MV8!5MR3P

MRI-3BL[+6YSJF2CJ3%C)P./3VHNPY4=]!HVG3J'2*)E/0JJD']*=)H^GVZEF

YQV/2B

MRJI'\JIF\T+IFWX_ZYUS7@)I-+TZ\NB2(?F:)202-@;/]*Y'0SI7D@WJ2L2Q

RAEBC((R%7_G?V-:#I#'_P!\K_A4FFK$EO&(

GK2N'*CT6WMK2Y02(
MB$



MNM?TFQF\F22-7Z8QT^IQ@5R?@%8YM0NYK?\`=+MVK!W[$''MS]
XK&T-=
FL





M=%9!
VTR':G!.3QZ#WK0.*X+XG`^?8G_`*:'^:4[Q#XPNH]4-G#)%`$`W22]


MS_Q[G:K?^/8X_&@9Z0!S0

RJZMAL95B1^8I/'/B.[











M'U4X_P#KT`=U24T&G4`+1124`%+244`+1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%)10`M%)10`M%)FEH`***2@!:3%+29H`
4M%%`!12
M9H!H`6BBB@`I**
T`&*6D%+0`4444`)FCO24M`'`_$5/+O\`3Y6^X)
'_OI#



M/2K6/;MB0;/N?*/E^GI4@L85E\X(N\C&_`W?G0!YUXM73KC5F65I;60*/W_\





M6.0W



MK(

MKO3:Q%-FU=H_AP

MCZM:$7-N3/C!VJ`=WKN&*]


M&D0`#!=?

M7

-ND.=J@9]!2RQ+)PP#?6@1YUX*M[N*


M4O2@1Y+IND3ZCX7=(U.Y)O



#;JW\.QHJ[IHW\]T'^UU_(4V[OY_'MS:1)Z+$VZ9F&!VR/



IUJ




A%P2%Y4@$_3]:]&(I





M`


M!BG4`)12T4`)12TE`!1244`.HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`



8HHH``:.M%`H`*&HHH`!11B
MB@`QFBBB@!:2BC%`!THHI:`DQ2T4`)1BEHH`2EI,4M`=**6DQ0`9HH(HQ0
M`M)1THH`*
4M)0`4&EI,T`&:6DQBB@`HHHQ0`=:6DQBB@`/%``H-&*`#-%&
M*`*``T9I:3%``*6DI:`$HZT48H``*6BDQ0`=:`*,44`+28I:*`BDS2T`%)C
M%+24`%+244`%`HHH`6BBDH`#10:!0`M%%%`$9HQ110`#BBEHH`04M%%`$4
MVG&@@`%&:*3%`#J***`BBB@`I*6B@!**6B@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H


\43I=7FER(<AIBP/MMI/#MLEQJFI


M


M5RW3:W5?7BJ[:E%XGUFV:U^=+8.\DF#M^==H7-6OA\O^AR_]?$W_`*'0!4L?

[=GYUSO@WQ;9:+9




7

44`+1110`44E+0`
M4444`)2TE%`!1FBB@!#0*6B@!:2EHH`2EI**``TBB@!:*2B@`-`I:2@!:*2
MB@`HHHH`*6DI:`BBDH`6BDHH`6BDHH`6D-%%``*6DHS0`@I:**`%I#110`
M@T44`(*6BB@`H%%%``:!110`M%%%`&@444`+1110`4444`%%%%`4EI
4`
M+248HQ0`M)110`4M%%`!1110`4444`%%)10`M%)10`M%)10`M%)10`M%)10`
MM%)10`M%)2T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`444AH`6D-`HH`3=BHI;:*9U=E4LF=I/;/!Q3&19)&W=``?YU#

BI=X]16:FK6-TSJKJQ09

X[Y_K0!IQP11
S*J@M]XC&3CUI)K:&9E9U5BIRI
M(!(/M2HD4B@K@@C(/U__`%TRW:&[C$B896Y!_/\`Q-`#;K3;6]8-+&CD=P!
MQ^=/^R6^6.U?F&UN!R!V-5X=4L[B9H58%U^\N#D9_G7U[::9CSB%W=.IS^5


L1#J


ME0!-#%':KM0*H]%`'\J%)]W`[^E5+75;2[G:!3^\099&!4X_$4YKZW^T#:
M=Y&[&UL8'?.


MQN!3YLCVQ0!+&\48PI7Z#%.$D:\9`_&LM_$MHJJ



V0.O04`7_/3^\/SI?/3^





M`9YR^]+YR^_^?_UT[FCF@!HF4^O^?_UT93Z_P?_P!=.YHYH`:)@?7_`#C_

I__50)E_R#3^:.
M:`&B93_^HTGGK[_D:?S2\T`


P'K_G/^
]+YP]Z?1S0!'YP

MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*2EI*`EHHH`B0?.?H/ZUR^DSRP:K?\`EQ%\O%G!

R[3YR



M1]$_LF69Q(6\Y_
8$`8;IQBDU?0SJLL+B0H8277`!^;&


_VJ
?-C]XV)%'\ZZY-+E\T2/
S;00


M`5%@%R5'X8H`9JM\;'3QLSO=51-HR=SCJ/IU_LCPQ-'I&H2V2!ECD`FAWJ
M5^8#$@^8#ZUM_P!C




'C.`



;N

MM*X&[KU4]:`
GQ8!%J.GNG^M




MU78TV#'I0`^BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@!*6DHH`6BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHI*`%I***`%J-OO#Z_TI],;[P^O]#0`^B@T
M@!:***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

M*6DHQ0`44M)0`$4EI*`%I***`C.*3%&*`'4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%)2TE`!2TE+0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%)2T4`)2T44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%)2T4`)12


M/ZU-0`4AHS10`EHHH`*3%+10`F**6B@`I***`EHHH`****`DI:*`BDI:
M`DI:2@!:*2EH`**2B@!:2BEH`2EHHH`*2EHH`2BEHH`****`BBB@`I#2TE
M``*6DI:`BBB@`HI**`BEHH`****`BDI:`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBDH`6B
MDI:`BBB@`HHI*`%HHHH`****`BDI:`BBB@`HHHH`***2@!:*2EH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*






R_H*
OZ@!]%,R_H*,OZ@!]%


^?T%'ST`/HIGST?/0`^BF?/1\YH`?13
/1AZ`'TQN&'U_


MM*P4


H
M)I=M).P)$:ER/I0!:`Q2UCQ^(XWGMHMAS<QM(IXX@'!_.M;.:`%!HH.!10`
ME':EIO)-`#A2T@HH`*6F)(KD@$$C@^U.)Q0`$XI`V:#2XQ0`49HS3/-0OLR-


]Z`%HS3(Y


M`8HH!JFVKVJ\^8N`_D]?X_[OUH`N8HHS4$][#:R(CL`TAVH#W(&:`)CG-+BF

TM8HW.61%5CZD*


48*?0XXH`XB_O
M=3MH7GEOHXI%!;[
NQ@

MV$EUYA-PBJ=BKAF/RMQ_=K:MKZYM=66VEEWJMMYCG`7+A\;O;BE\=6DUQ;0R



M-S9]3^E2+XQN9-)N70K)+`XB\V


MPKK[J.M=EFO/9=


/E11\N_

MO=ZIJ`$4=BL+Y&^5]C(!WV^OM18#L(9!*H8=&`(K@=&TZ]U&_OA%.T
:W#$E

MBK&AOJ%[=^8\V\*KC8=I=V/?(Z`4`9.@6FJ^)+9I&NWCNZQ[0


\:W6&)0Z


-=)*VQU<'



4`9

M@UWQ#9&V:W5



6


^@V*0N06&6..@

)+:AI6?\`GWD_]%I2:?97'C-IIWN)





%C^%`%.R\6WO]GG4)DC$171KNWL^[8
MOL,M5I]7U71Y86O!$8YG6,^5D&-F^[U//-.MOLLFA+82
%=5^\O(W*^Y343


M0^5`!ZX!.:`*GB#5+V]M[6V9F$A+29^79MYX/OT[UGS^([_3H;Z.78TMLB

27\MZ2P5;F)(U(Z@J&
M!S^=`$VKZO-8Q6K(!F:6.-L]








MFEI*!0`M%%(:`EI!2T`%)1FEH`****`BBDH`6BBDH`*6DI:`$S1F@BD%`
MT4M%`4M)2T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`

$G``&23TJMI&J0ZU`)XL[6)QG_98C^E`%@S)ZC\Z!*O

M$:..4*^0KLN%R

M.CD650RG((



M?Y3E2KYP1D`]00:74]4-I+'!$`TLI.T$X`5?O





MX9(R!F@3*5W`@CU!H`8T_L:7[1_LG]/\:43H21N'')YIPD5EW`C'K0`P3Y_A
M-!FY^Z?T_P`:5+A)!E2!W!S0MQ&YA@21G&1TH``WL?T_QH\W_9/Z?XU3US


M1UYVGI^-.\T_W3^G^-
^TQ.^P




C#^$_I_C3?
;^Z?T_Q
MJ
ZE;@@&1




MSC)#QCK@^N



UN;[/9ROY@BPC?O

M`)&)8L&V[^I*DYZ9KJ+_`$^+4K=H)1N5QM;M_*LZR\
6=M
LJ[F=%V;F9FR/

MF)7830
61CE?D12NT=OPJG+?7$FC+J:2/YP(DV[CMQOVF
ITQCCUSSFNH_L*
MW62&3+9@4K'\QX!X_'CUID/AFTB;*A@I;S/*W'R]_7=M^O;I[4`8\%O-J.KW
M

$@@K\[%L*?X1GH*`
&2W7_`(ED_F
[22JSEF)#%XG.


\5J
F/:H+GP]:V$;2Q(


5)^T#;+
MDDAAC'3/''I0!AS1!5MH5=R?)


MJ
)BD&5.
\D=/I59=`M?+D5P7$HVR%V9B5'09/-`&(-IO;:Q)81&%IL;F^=P
M0




MSSCH2.A_&@'Q7?R:;ILDJ9!4
M+DKUE@&(^@YJE?P)HD4MU:NQ;R&*QY+*Q0;M^/7^==&\2SH589##!!]#5+3




K


MN2MG

B1JK-U8



MHPWUJ6UL(;+/E(%SUP
=*`

YM(X
M=6580HC>W


M;$7`!C8JC[NGSL%_K7-VT$GAJ_@AMI3+!.Q4Q
<?[1XKITM8D9F@%OO'`Y^M):V<-F#Y:*F?[H`_E0!R7AU






CA`.U1V
MC7^$#G=T[^M`'%W2B9=84?



^=-G'_75L5OPVZ0+M50!Z`4]8UB!V@#Z4





M195!4Y!&12%%3:`,8QC'%*!M.*`'F
?F'U_I4E1'[P^O\`0T`2T444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4AI:
.N.O;


_C3=
M%A-EH$KR?+YBS2X/'$A8K^E`'2:5=MJ%K%
1@NBO_P!]#-7*QM%O8K+28)9&
M`184+
3P
**UHY%E`(.01D4`.)Q6)H?B





MC7]W%


5[&'C(92






MY'9_:%0$7AW
H^1PH;]X

B9W

P)&[[HS7&
M1R!-$TX'((GB)'IM8YSZ8[UV'B16.FW``W$Q/@#G)VF@!-)UVVO]L8E5I=BL

C(



MYS^E`'3OXFT^/K

*BL29)7X.2IDW`@?2@#LS?P


#(HW




M%\_:6#

U`'87NK06)VMDG&[:@+
M$#U.T'BH9?$=C`L3-*



M'8Y&P@

M`&N4@FBDC9@4DD49WKVSMSP:`.KCU^T=9#NVF+'F*P*L-W3@^O:E&N6Y5RVY


NSJS`8^8IV.*A^PW$L6IJL4I\
MY5

N[@9VD@;OPJEX;U-EMYWN'W

[LZLF

M^M5HM=.MZ=
58PSP@B1.A1U'OV/:K_B8
UL`JLQ\R
_(QPLBL3Q[LOQ3H4
MLF;NSXE*^7*O:2

M!D/0BL*19-*U=IW5FBEA5`R`MM:

M`?PH`GO?$=K8



M9Z`_@*O+%






<D<L?5FY)_.@#/O?%<-H\JB*5VAP7

MQ56!QSZM5**PN!%IB^4^8#^]SCY?W93U]3VH`V(_$\$D@&UMC2&!9
#:9!GC
2W=I8[@.6W+MV!C
MC8
]


MZL1*PC##&T
?7FL^.VFU74H;IHVB6%'&'QDM)@8X)Z`=?RJYXETYM3LG1/OC





[9(D1&^7YB@8'OZM6AX9MIK33H(I%VLB*C#CJHQVH`UAS0*`
44`+


M.VLPS$

M%+)`DH`8`X]1FN5\5ZL;G35GC\R

M&WY#GYOIP:`-`6\:$':

MG`STS7


$





MH:-2







.!QGTSD_I0!T(HY-8+^



4#Q1LWGJ77/RA0HR=QY

\6?N

=@]*I:AJ+6DB1HFXN&.2=JJ%'.6

MFM



M+:NEG

\4+-&NY@#@$X
!TQ0!I]*7K6%J_B)]*$K^5
ME(MNYF.W=N_N<'=C_PM2W?B&2.^%K%%O9HO.4[@H/./3C_/%`&T5I0*YQO%



2T4?G<-O#1YQD'`YSVJ4:Y/:SPI<1A5G^6-E;=AL;@K



4M)2T`)BD%.I*`$Z4AR12XI:


M







M\G2_*1D






MBC'/(!//:NJQ10

M[:RD6

MY].U6-)@N_[2FGDAV))'&!EE+`IN[#/K708HQ0
P=5LK@ZG;7$:[U19(W&0





M/'_`JA71KW4+6WM;A`ODM&S2*PPXA^[M'4;N


5TA%`%`S!TZ/4[N/
MR;I$10I1G5MQ?C&0/X?6LN/2-56SM[;8F;:6
K)OX=(SQ\N..*[(BE%`$5T'
M

M7:X1Q



74

T^$WP^0BJ=V



M$Q0!2TF:`%I
49HS0`4M)FC-`!12TF:``C-`%&:6@`I,TM%``8I:**`$HH

MH`2EHHH`2EI*6@`I*

M`2C%+24`&*
4`YI

M+1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%)F@!:;2@T4`1*^PM6(_C&WB*`Q3?O3B/Y/O?3FMR/[S5S7BGG4M-'_`$U?

MO`E1Q1K4C27$42NV2K-Y
9VLV
?

M8_
$+#JWKVS0!VG-5KZ=[6%G5&D(&0B]3]
US5_-/I5S/;I*YC-L\ZEF+-&R


`L

[!MI^91GY?[O^%`'6GBL_2]2&
MH-
H5E






M
0%\ICA-O3D#GCG-6IK=;[5[.1\AG@=F`9EY'EGU&/Z]Z`.BMM0#VPFE4Q#&
M65\97'K5=]8\O44M-GWHVEWY&
*0

AR/E!`X)`)Y]!S4^37`W-U-_8B
LKY2Y

T&4`DA8[H2`
[E'8]2?2@#KLT@()K*\3:



M:B_\`$\-\979&@=HX]K
O



M%Q)H@N8$D/D+-`@=B6\M9!\Z[LYP.._&ZNCT73DTZYDV2@JZJWE*#M'^T
LV
M



MUV))Q$\4I`8Y#QJN-I7Y@


51X)1\_
M^R4X/TYJC%JV]OM#?N6OGBD(/`3)P
]ESC/M0!U?B35WT.QDN%4/Y8!P3CO
MBM%&W`'VKCO%%K:VNEWWD-D


I
M(=I43?DY*L6ROTJ2\;^Q&U)+;*A8X7VKDXW;M[#WVT`=TK!NE+7-:9:VJ7:7
M$4ZG

M;6WD):V-S-&I8\





M

MO8=-B
LIJ*D,R*,D@#WKG_B!&KZ5)D#AHSD]OWB\_E5XEMI]0DMY72.+R5

M
9Z9JRFCV+:E=1




(`9


+=Q&(ST&

M=



HQ(G5F#^W;Z]:U/%%S%!);!P




6NILF/)9X?+Q]W?\N_;V[\XH`]#@N4N
[&5MIP


M27)&P\2Q2DD$CV'\O:@#K?[0@V[O






M5
_$R)O3`\R/[LC$+AA_M`=?2
MKZ:C%9:LAN!&UL@@9ONYS\W/3)XH`U]`UG[9IZ7%PR*6+98?*O#LHQD^U:`

M



M
C%\`=AGH*??Z';ZA


\=?RH`A70(`DBDN


M?:FOK5G&^PRH&W!





QSWI;?7;.XR$E0[5$C





M8H6

MH(;!)'(Z=*C_`+'M_/\`.V_.5V;MS9V^G7_/7K3WU:V2)9=X*OC81SNSZ8Y-





/7C_ZU3VVNVEW

M=RI*Z`M'RC=Q]*CAT6UMY/
6

.-S$JO7!*]0#

M1][KFDO?$MA8MLDE`.WS
<#I[]*`+RZ





X]30!M_

BA`6^48^;

M
`9/'`^8D\#MUJJ?$5HT2R`L05\SA&)^I&,BLO4-=6#4K1EE)AFCD;_
&P



MEO+%Y+1J4SG80-O7/2GPV
$!.Q%&1M.`!P.

M4NLP1N5^8X81DJI(#-C`)_$4`20Z1:6Z





MS#/Y5)HUS)+JE[$SLRH8MH)X&Y

CZ4AT^!F9MBY88
N



MC2?V?!@CRTY.2

^O2JB^(;::*
M.2+
OF@LBQC+%1U/.
$J1@HQ;&&%69+^2_A4^:LAC=E3D+CC.X=10!J16<4+%E103U(`!

K*
B
M/(S\W/ISQF@^;2)\Y13DY/'7WIRV\:-N@'UP

M;Q79:C9R28F$7EE_


1:-O

L6*C)QGCKCI2R

MCU('`]Z`+;1*QR0
TJ1+']T`?2LR/Q';RVXG`;ES$$Q\V\';M`]

MVCGVK%BUBTMKB[?$NZ)4
H.2


=:REUF&WCB


MC)9N1R1V[4`=
:C+88GKTIC'Y@,_A0!(30*,44`+129I:`BBB@`HHHH`**
P:A%(]@\9@7#?NN2R;@^=['DL2:]%3DM1Y2#L.N?Q]:`.*AN387B)DGBE
MN&!1N)8I#NW'W'U[5K^/5W:5(<9P4/X1<_I6XL$8;=@9Z9QS4A&[KR*`.1G


M.P%`&3X=6S8RRVQ+1MS.?NLV,97I^/%8^KR6KZ\AE?:JV[*S!BF&,@PRD8
MKL%0*`!VH*#TH`X;38)H[J]2P)
[FB`)*_.V6=B



MJ\U@UIC



MH16IX:GFN[)&F0(^3]P84_

D


5PIR?G4@]*]!Q1B@#A?$EU]I^W1HI5FA





F7SER0
MAN






&P_




+?O


MXR2SN#%JH\I\S$^5P?F_=A./QIU]'=7&8C#(4-LJILPN9`#E9#D'CC`SCKUK


M


M6FI&X:`W$4L:H0@#
C(6[9'!#5U6




&4-'<I






MU9ETAV









\4`:


@/E


MXLT`2'Q4$C2X:
,A5P=
MV,\]*RH-OI+/3I%&QJF8-UCC<


&1=C'JN=V/QKE=4\+W
M.H7TMP/E81(()0?F$D9)R1Z-G!%=-ITD\D*F=0KX^8(=RY]J`


M:6US9H%9)6=HY-V-HEY8
N.H).

DMAOF4+G&/:@!
MVL/_`


:







MSC'M535O#NH:@+I`(V\QU:.1V.X*I4^7TX&1_P#6H`TTUBZDUA[8(#&L2OUY

MRE&)^48YSGVK+A\+78LRI*K*ERUU%R2#EL[3P


M(]I)^3L6]ZMB@`H%&*6@`HHHH`*2EI#0`EI,48H`6DQ110`8I:2EH`*2BC%
M`!01FBB@``Q1BC-%`!0***`%HI**`%HHHH`3%%+10`4F***`EHHH`2EHHH`
M2@444`+1124`%+24M`4M)10`4M%%`!1110`4444`%(!BEHH`**2EH`0TEH
MH`*0@T@`-`HHH`6BDI:`BBB@!,4`8I:*`BBDH`6D-%+0`F*
449H`6BD

M12T4`)1BEHH`3%1LV'`SVJ2HV_U@^E`$E`HH%`T444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4E+24`%+244`+1110`4E+24`1QCYF^M/`
M`IJ');ZT\#%`!BC&:**``DP!VI:*``@-2TE+0`F*`

M0`=**
44`+1110`E+24M`!24M)0`M(:**`BBB@`I:**`BBB@!*#2T4`)12
MT4`)12T4`)12T4`)2T44`)1110`M%%%`4M%%`!1110`444E`!1110`4M%%`
M44M%`!1244`+124M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4E+10`4E+10`E%+10`44
M44`%%%%`4M%%`!1110`AI*=24`%+24M`!1110`AHI:2@!:***`BBB@!*6B
MB@`HHHH`2BEI*`BBB@!:*2EH`*2EI#0`4S.&'O3Z8?OCZ4`.I124HH`6BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`I*6B@!*6BD

4M%
M`!24M%`!24M%`8HI:*`BBDH`#0**6@!*
4M%`!1110`E+244`%+110`E%+
M10`E%%+0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`)112T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!24M)0`444M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!24M%`4M%%`!1110`4
M444`%)2T4`)2T44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%)0`M%)2T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`)12T4`)2T44`%)2TE`!3#]\?2GU&3^\'TH`?2BBB@!:***`BBB@`HHH

MHHHH`****`$HHI:`$I:*2@!:*2EH`*2EHH`2BBB@`I:2EH`*2EHH`2EHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`*2EI*`EI*6@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`I*6B@!**
M*6@`HHHH`****`$I:**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH

MDI:`DI:2@`HHHH`6BBB@`I*6DH`***6@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`DI:*`HR/W@^E24
MP_?'TH`=0*2E%`T444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!2&EI*``4AZTHI#0`R'DM]?\*DID75OK_A3Z`EHHH`2EHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*2EHH`2BEHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`HS]\?2I*C/WQ]*`'TB@4`+1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%(:6D-``*#0*#0`
MR+JWU_PI],BZM]?\*DH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`IG\=/IG\=
M`#J!110`M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4AI:0T``H-`H-`#(NK?6I*CBZM]:?0`M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4P_?'TI]1_QT`/HHHH`6BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*2EI*`D8X-+01F@*)AEOK4FX4WR5].M
M)]G3TH`DS147V:/^Z*7[-'_=%`$E%1_9H_04?9H_[HH`DHJ/[-'_`'11]FC]
M!0!)D49%1_9T_NBC[.GH*`),BC(J/[/'_='^?_U4?9XQ_*`)
BC(J/[.@_A




%




MCST]:?BC%`#//7UH\]?6GXHQ0`SSU]:3ST]14F*
4`
\]/44BN&;(J3%!H`!
*.\MC`
M)CM1MV[YO0_6@#J.M!H'2HYVD2-B@W
`=H/&3Z4`2@FN/OO%FJ::T:RVBJ9
M6$:?O,_,?H*MR:YJ5A:SSW-NL8C0NF'W;CZ'TH`Z44`U6L+O[5#&YPZAMH]

MTPV*TO/7;N!&/7/%`$M%-#9&?6E4YH`4#%%&X4T.&Z'VXH`=BDQ6/J&NO:7]
MM;J%99_
W-GIY:YK5BN$F^ZP./0YH`?S2U2TV2ZE1C.JJ=[!=AS\H/&??UJT



M=G[Q89./I0!JT9S4;7

M%`$@%%1RW


M4*7D


_2@#;Z4#FF[AC-

XK'T_6)+K4KFW(&V$1[

]U!/3K0!?S1FL6SU*YOH;65?+Q*H:3)(/*Y

TN

;*X']TAOY4`34E5Q


MI6]KGS)$7&
[F`Z].OK22:G:PYW2H-N
Y8#&[D?G0!9.:6HX+F.Y4


_E0!;HS4
UY#;X#NJY!/S$#@=:C_M2U

M*%.ULLHP?0^]3V]PET@=&4]IR*`)*
TC.$!)X`JM;ZK:W3[(Y49A_K`G\
MA0!:Q1FJTVI6\!8-(JE0P+`8!Z9HBU.WGB


M(^.NU@W\J`+6**I7.LV=H^R25%;T9@#^M3RWL



MG2S(C?W68`U:,Z*F\D8QG/;'UH`DI:J6NJVM\2L4J.1V5@:M4`'2C-!%`H`
M6DI:2@`I:2EH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BDHH`6BDH
MH`6DHI:`$Q12T4`1R1JX`8`\YY]:XOQ
MW97




%O

M!BJ.H^&+DR0W-K*$FBC$)W#*.H['OUH`R/#;/9ZFB6T$\4$BL)%F!VA@
JRG



MR*\H7RXUC&%0'KC/7-5+7P?/$MU;2LC6UPSR=#YBLY!^G%`'
M80I`&CM+L3
MJ
B?G)?'4\]#7I&CS375K&\PVN54NO3#8YKFQH.O&'[+]J01_=\P*WF[:ZNW

M



8,HQM+-N7\JA/A;4M2,<=[<*\4;*^$7#/LY&XT`4M*
M\/6NMZK?O.ZK*`$)(7)0<X]:T/!
7V&:]ME)

P$8)S@
H.*U='T5]-N;J
M8L&^T.'`QC;A=N*31]%;3;FZE+`^?()`
8QA=N*`

.8AN0Y/!


!?M4*S121211JX




M2T^


MVQ
.

MV99/))



\:JQ.$5#MXK.
MG=[;1=3MQ9;9]D;$Y.UMI`_N@E\







MPTI+&7=^07Z=*LZDEW_82Q3AT*W





SRW3KZ

X=![<5

X7




M`


'














(75.`R.#G(]JTW\'12:=#:;R#!@

:1C&.
8HTG1AI$MQ





MNV^ABVU&6\W9

S-P?)DQL&P93Y]
MYYSSGI6AK_AB34W@E@F


MARJW$B@^H&











M(+F0@GDKL;C'XUK:;X8DANA=74[3R*I5
@(JYZX`J[H6C#1(Y$#%M\CRY/\`
MMG.*`.;\'Z'9ZYIYN+A!)).SM(S#+#YB

M=10`EI*6@`I*6B@!*6BB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M2BEHH`2BEI*`BBB@`-&:*


MCP!:*3^$AH`ZK%'6N/A\1:MJD?VBV6`1G)C61CO=?P/%7?\`A*)KVPCN+:%G



(]:URV:2*)/*W))O).YTZA?;ZUIQ^);J]TJ&YMX
M=\DV%V?PJ<D$D^@Q0!T@JK%J$%U+)K`LF-Z^FZN9_MW4]'O88;LPR+.WECR



M]]5T-@9F@0S8WE1OV]



M[ABBF
$%6QG'-']K:IK=S
MEY:Q0





M$$$:
R()

M8?%EPVGWFXH9K5?OQ_






M!M







%W





M56ZTRVOG#21([#NR@G]:X[7+C7_#]E]H:9'S@.NS'EY_N^O/'-=U$VY03Z4`




M

M248Z.Z_)@_44`=8#F@FL%M5FGU@6L9'EQQ[YN/XFX09_6MW.*`*FG:M!JJNT

`QQE2#SBN[5MPSZ









3U&T
MGI77F@T`!KSW6]'N'U)[)5/D7


GAG4+2:1K.Z\M)


^N
MT8JQTH`X]+F3Q9J=O+'&Z0VY9R\B[=S

M!'I][FO0

DC

K$

M/R1*2

C&1U_@'3[Y-2@29
A74

MPSP)YCV\JR[/[PZ']#6[9VJ6
*Q(


VOZ4
MT$-K
HM+\-S0
M7?VNZF,T@78F%V*H/7`]Z`(_<$L<U]O4J&N7*Y&

MV'V&RE78RO)+(IW8!Z#)R



8H`X-;-YM'O6BM!`'0K$BJ?
9





M#&S%HURKJS$C)YQUKNS28H`X&\T2\B\.WNA\Z=_.9%YP7D4XXSV%=Y`
(`
4=@/O;O3

YH


A



W#:%
D@Q/
M(S7.T=GW;@/TKM2
TM`'G)TF\.CM=&-OM'V@76W!W?*0N








MK$0CCF


&=[C[683T/
M;9_WS7H6*


M%I*6DH`*6DHH`6BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@!**6B@!*6B
MB@`HHHH`*0T9HH`IZCJEOIAYW*QV@GID__`*JJV_BG3[F!YUE&Q#AF.5Y]

MCZJ

MI0/;?:`P





X;;D]MV


M:1K;3.%!+W$H8^P?I7



MN[@5!^A(%;?2N#\0:7J=U;J+FXMD4.I1@&4A@PV[37=+D+UYH`Q]4\7Z?I$O
ME2R?/_=0%B/KCI5AO$5BEH+HRKY1Z-Z^V.N?:L7P

_*/

(HWPQ^Z&!7
M=]
BN.U+4SJ5C9B)%@5;DQNI&8PZ@X_X#FM+7=
U*X2(75S;HHD0HP5E.X'C



RW5L7%P\Y.W?YF?E;&2%X'K7-A
M5&D:OY?^J\R3R\=/NC.WVS7=Z.`MG#C_`)YI_P@B@'5_$=GHA`G?!89J
MS8^@S3M'\06FNAO(?)7[RD$
/J#6'J5]+)JICLH8VF2



MZ]


MO9_#^-06NQ=9O_*QL\A?



+B140`L5C&




@Z-MP.
M?I6/JVI&\T@((EA



3R`/7&

U)I%]








-_'OQFMSXCO;2:.`I4DM'Y./J.GMMH`Z=]6@CNDMB3O=#(O'&U
=/^WBMSXA-*CV6QEC'G??<94-CYU`&MIWC&RU&41+O1F^
MX)%*;OIFI-7\4VFC2)RS.1NV1J78+ZG'05SNM:9?RF$7=Y$!YJ-'A

7!XQ

4`+X5U@ZOJ=ZR.7B'D^6#G`RASQ]:L^/;Q[#3
MBZ.4(DC^93MP-XSSZ8JEX/
+ZMJ)AQMWQXV]
[3N_P#'LU+\2F4:4=WW3)'G



O^\@WH?Z4`=-9ZO!?SRPQDEH2
D.
U2TM&2K

&?SMW'S;CG-`&O-XFLXHX)`
M^Y)V1NO3)]?2K&J:Q!HXC\TG,CB-`!DEC7%Z3IIUC0;F.+IYLDEM_P!MRX_
M$5-H^H?\)CJEO+CY+:$2,/\`IM)Q^F*`-W3]4M+;[7+YKE8Y)/


/KF@#2U'Q+



M]N/)SZ[CNQ[T7$B/XEA$740.)B/K\H;WH`R_#.IIKFJ22223;O




16$32RG:JC+$]J?#.EPH93D$9!]J`,G6OEGK<@ED#*ZC;






&J%SX&TZZE:1E8;SN=59@K'W%=!FD/6@#)M?UC:P2P+'^[F.Y
MT)..@''ITJK9^!=/LYED`9BAR@=V95(]!6S)?PQ3+S8=P2J]R%ZU+-(L*EV

MRO8M0B66)MR.



MCZBK\FHP1WVY81E+JO?:.:LT`9$?AZWL+*6!/OJV?F.6)7'+=?QJ[I5J
MUE:Q1


SQ*=[#!=





Q+
1]35S4]

J
MI5@


#M
M-=KBYOI(S&9W^1&ZA%]?<GFNII`,4#-`'/W/@/3+IF8H0S,69E9@3N.2.O2M
M:+2+6&V^S-?*QMV8XQ5LH8[J*=F56#%#M;!S@^AH`Q+;P)IMK*L@0DKRH9
MF91]`:Z#&.:KW^H0Z599FVJ.I^O%6`P89%`%6RTN&QDED08:9@[\DY(&*SM



]/#-E';K;A#L5_.`W-]\-NS
MG/K5S4=-AU:$Q3*&4]JE\Q_2@R$=J`
73/!FG:;
)40EE^Z79FV_3/%2ZOX7


MOI
+W:W1'[Q5
8.3]UO:K6]O2@.WI0!A7O@;3;Z5I60AF.6V




MDGG\:M[V]*`['M0!3BT&TB25-@*SL7D!YR6K/LO`^FV$HD2





L


MLR[OKBM+3-+M](A$4*A5'I_6K`=O2EW

M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%)2T4`)2TE
M&:`%HI*6@#


MSSMSVQ0!T/B76QH%J9MN]B0B)ZNW`%8DVOZQH.R:^CC






MBHVY#=
4VWT:?2O[)A8$F-W

MH






M\8EE9ON1CITY/6L-='N/[5&GE3]F\_[8#VQC=L_[[K6UB27P_K`OBC/#)#Y




:PFWDCC^?9SN!'K
24.2N.3U/)-=

MY/

MB

:G.
_UQ0`W7KJ_1HXK1%RY
M.^5_NH!_




P##!P3QBJ
L:ZT9EM=/N)+<S1QPB.:+!W`$#G;UXJYHT6G
MWE]']CLL*OS/-(K)MQTVY/)H`LPZMK&L7EU!;F-%ADVB1QGMTQW^M.L_&
UK
M87
ETH



!'M0RA@@)1#M7C/\J`'6.IZI8:BMG=M&
MXF1GC=!C!3MCTJAX&CU!;RZ+M&5$S8`$$R;5Y7VK6U2WD?7;)PI*K'-EL<#

TJ-M.PKM7^*@#3\9ZG)I.FR31@%AM`##(^9P/ZUF

M@9]JYCP3;R6#7
J+(ML0##')][(!W87K]*ZFSNQ?P)*JLH8!ML@VL/J*`+6:


A
:R#9$Q.4^49X;D!CTJ
MQHX


8XQZ&@!]+24M`4`YH-`%`!1FEIIH`=2&@4M``TM)10
M`449HS0`&@49HH`6BDHH`.E`-!H%`TAI:0T``.:6FCBG4`)FCK0:!0`'B@&
M@T@%`#J***`$S4:C#D_3^M//6FH?F/X?UH`?12T4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`E%+24`%&:*,9H`
TU5P
M
*6@!`
4F.:=2$9H`,T;:**`D`
MR:*4@`%!&:*6@!``*
YH(I`
4`*:0C-+UI*`%Q12T4`9-KHA@U*:[W9$B
M)'MQTV9K5H%!%`&@=:6C&:`$Q012XH%`'FE`Q1BB@``Q2G4E`!BC%%+0`
MAI`


MH`

M4=?M9KZU:*+^



B%6=U#8DP41L=3W..V!^5:T@





M)V=D?(^7SOO!AU^7MCK[5T5E:BRA2(=$4*/HHQ3]Z^HI?
7U%`#NE`--
B^H
MH#J.XH`?13?



M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`DI:2@`I:2C-`TE&:*`%HHHH`
M****`D-%&*`$%+24N*`#-+2`44`%`HHH`6DQ2T4`)BBEHH`*2BEH`****`$
MHI:2@`I:2B@!:0T48H`!111F@`Q1110`M%%%`!24M%`4M%%`!244&@`HH%%


7U%+YB^HH`6EIGF+ZBE









MM+110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%



M
XH`T*2FK(&..]*30`O2C--9PG6JVJZ@FDVLEPX)6-2Y`]J`+=%8_AS4KS58

MI3=X)X(IQQF@`HI



MR$]!4E%`$9A0_P`(H
*'^$4^EH`C^SI_='^?_P!='DI_=%244`1^2G]T4&!#
M_*DI*`(S`A_A'^?_P!=+Y?W13Z*`(S`A_A%'DH?X14E%`$?DI_=%'DH?X1
M4F*
4`

\E/[H_*CR4_NC\J?2T`



MC_/_`.NI:*`(_(3^Z*#`A_A%/I:`(SA_A%'D)_=%/HH`9Y*?W1^5'D)_='Y
M4^B@/R$_NC\J7R$_NC\J?2T`1^0G]T4GD)_=%2TE`#/(3^Z*/(3^Z*?10!&

+]&FUVP:(@
2I!;I\K`T`9L=Q

/\#6@J^)(Q@?9O_'Z?JVCZ
6

MJ]I'+'*ZW6%?SF9CENIR
]*T[30;J^MYTOY-YG&W8N=B+C'RY[]ZSO[&UZ2W


@D)R%5LY'J:M^&=$DTB&:

MXA\
0Z!-9O;E@AN(PR
Q;+=FY[U8\4+IW]H





6A8


9-/;(_T5



[0I

MX#Q4FIW%@$GN(9%RBH(OO2MN`!;^?%=Z/M:W$879Y04^;G.[=_#M[8H`O8Q7

M$$;LBDKN^8X!J?1+4Z-J]S:1
1%Y*RJ&.0C$D=ZV;?1Y8=6DNLC8\*Q@=\JQ

M=GI$DAW


TF:`%I
M:09HH`6BDHH`6BDHH`6DHS1R:`EI.:*`%HI*:`%HI


MEH`2@\T4`4`)SFEP**
T`)0!2TM`8HQFEI#0`4E+10`4E.I*`$S2TF*44`
M&



DU0TSQ+!J4GE!9(V*[T$J[=R^J^M`&GY;?WOT%!1C_`!?I6-!XQM)I

MG^+]*S[[7H[2Y6WV
[;?
8H.$3.-S9QZ=LU?M+M+Z%98SE74
I]F&10`_P`M
MO[W\J-C#^*GYI:`&+&W][]!1L8?Q52DUVW1%89(:7R!@?QY(_+(-:&Z@!FP
M_P![]*!$P_B_04\4N:`(RC#^*D


M((E+'H!DT`


M]3F1CWJ.RNX[Z)9$.58;A]*FZT`1[&_O4NQO[QI]`H`9L/K2;&_O5+24`1[6
M]:7:W][]*?10`S8?6D*-ZU)2T`0[6]32[6]:EHH`AVMZTY%V^^:DI
4`+111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%)0
M`M%)10`M%%%`!1244`+1124`&:
48HH`*6BB@!**6DH`*6DI:`$HHHQ0`4M)
M1F@`HI:*`DI:2@`I:04M`4&BB@!
TH-&*
8H`6DI:2@!:*044`!HHI:`$I
M:*2@`%+24M`!1110`4444`)1110`M%)2T`)12T4`%%%%`!1110`E+24M`!11


BEW\#*YX!R


%M-&L:M=K+
M)($C2+:BNR@
P;YN#6?IDLFNQV-O/*^UXI)'PV#(48*H)'/3FNTBT^*&:251
M\T@4


)P

MY$+!-X5R






Q5L9




M1M5LO+D8A_-RKL6R5C^_SWYYK%OIVB@^VPK

!@T@'RQY/';ITYKL

M^E;%_I
NK:G!(\86.VW.KY!+LR@`8[8_PJSJ7ABSU67S9`P?&S=&S(2OH=I&


/7I@=.E4((I=EG:HCRHUN)V19?+W

MN



M(Y#;3NK2(/W+.6ZN%
@+$XX.*ETRPNM/O82L;0JQ82*\XEWC;G(!/W@?3M6W


M



*]Y'&EI


MV4=L;?9E&.\Y)+;O[V[KGWIMCX=MM'9IH5+2%2I+



M6PA\WY8G1@PSZ&@#J!0QC)XI
FJVIVK7UM)$#M+HRAO0D8H`Q)_'^G1R%07













M:



MZE!=:+J*WL
33*\0BFC7[XVG*L!531+^YU#Q$7FB

M
?VC.MQ#

M8-!%'



M

8UUYFU1U
M'F(25]NM=%]CF_X2$3;3L^S;-^.-WF9Q728I!S0!QFO:9)I^IF\-L+J*1%5T
MP&=67HR@^W6K&DP/J\LG^B+;PF,QAF0+*S/P<8Z#%=6:.E`'V.H:GI5E_9_
MV5WD13%'(/N



MTSS4#:W$?NI(_P#NH?ZXJY#:Q6XPBA?H*EH]T6I0AUF*1MK!D/\`M@K^O2K]
M9VNLHMRN
LW#_:['\*N0HR*H;J`,TG8:N2'BDS2BC%(8ZBBBF(****`DI:
M2@`I:2B@!:*2B@!:***`BBDH`****`%I***`EI**`%HI*6@`HI**`EI*6
M@`HHI*`BBB@`I:;2T`%+110`4444`%%%)0`M)110`4M%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!24M)0`4444`%%%%`T4E+0`444E`T4E%`!1110`4444`+24M(:`BDI
M:`%HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@!****`EI*6@`HHHH`***2@!:2@T@!:***`$H


M#'Y5)0`4G2EI#0`4M)0*`%HHHH`0T4&@4``%&*6B@!O2CI2TAH`44M(*6@`H
MHHH`***2@`HS14
TXA&?7I0!))((QDU%M:XZ\#T]:6*




04444`)12TE`!112

MM)0`4444`%%%%`TE+24`%+244`+24M)0`M%)2T`%%%)0`4444`)1110`ZBB
MB@`HHHH`*2EI*`EI*6@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`$HHHH`**2B@!:
M6DI:`DI:2@`HHHH`6DI:2@`HHHH`6D-+2&@!*44E**`%HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*2EI*`BEI*`BBB@!:0G%%(SA1DT`!8*



NP'H._Y5%I^J1ZBSA`P*$9W#'6GRNUQ7



UHX!HHY_)#Y/
SO[*DD^_
Y]AA?Y

M/9Z0
Q&NFOJ$@EN.B_=C'3\?4U8U74TTN$L<9Z*/?\`

KBTM%)FI*%I*

M'%7SJ4$8W



9;ECU-5W9+$;G.6/Y_A3/*N-0'SGRU_NK][





G#5;'%9-6-$[BTE%%(H**`:6@!
4M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!24



MBJUH?M&9.W1?H._XTT(H:A:2V+_:(%#L0%D4G&0._P!:9'KXDV@KL)[2`_X5

MWLE1_
;ESW]/8549KJB'%]#*M=


M]0R6XN'
8.YF^^W]WV%7GFBTV

]_PK6DEBT]
G@53MU#R&YE'.,1KW__`%Z(O6X270T$Q;J`
M3T`%2`5DI.]Y?,\-=[#W/2K5W=L#LB&6/Z4I0:949IH==76P^6G+'I[57;


M9B_EN`&/N*U\D5
X\KL.

M48-CTJ49H`****`#-&:
48H$`J.Y@6YC9&Z

-19H5+``B
+UV+DY/UZU
MW_C_`/M&ZMQ;6L3
)/\`6

M&/B)8\V








MK-%+F8^1&6NC-;D^5

MW_C@JQ`DJ??;=^&*FI10Y7&HV%HI**D8EI*6@!,48HHH``,4M%%`4449H`
M6BDS1FBPTE%!H`,T4E+0`M%%%`!1244`+1110`4F:**`BB@T`%%`.:6@!*
M6DI:`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@!****`EI**`%HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`I***`EI*6@`HHHH`****`BBDH`6BDHH`6BDI:`BBB@`HHI
M*`BBB@!:*2EH`*2EI*`%HI*6@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`DI:2@`H-&:#S0`44@CB@#
E\2:=$Q5IXP
M5.PZTW_A*=

M

M`'PM`CGM

A5N(@/9Q4G_``E.F`9^
MT1_]]I/^$?L&_Y=X_\`OE?\*!X=T_\`Y]X_^^5_PJ/F5TV(QXMTLC/VB/\`
M[Z%!\7:5_P`_
7_?8J7_`(1ZP_YX1_\`?*_X4HTP_YX1_\`?*_X4@NRN?%^
ME_\`/S%_WT*!XOTH?\O,7_?0JQ_8%B/^6$?_`'RO^%!TP/_`PC_P^5_PI
MC(!XOTH_\O
7_?0I?^$MTO\`Y^(O^^A4W]@6(X\B/_OE?\*/[!L@/]3'_P!\
MK_A1;S`@/B_2A_R\Q?\`?0I/^$PTL=;B/_OH58_L&QS_`*B/_OE?\*=_85E_
MSQC_`.^%_P`*+`5QXMTL_P#+Q'_WT*/^$MTP]+B/_OH5/_8EE_SQC_[X7_@
MZ%8_\\8_^^5_PIV#4J_\)AI0_P7B+_OH56/BO2Q(9&N(S@84;J;XATFU@@7


M*/[#LO\`GC'_`-\K_A4_
95_X3#2O^?F/_OH4?\`7Z7_P`_$?\`WT*M?V'9
M?\\8_P#OE?\`C^P[(_\L8_^^5_PI_
15_X3#2O^?B/_`+Z%*/%VEG_EXC_[




M_GA'_P!\K_A2^8$7_5Z9_S\1_\`?0H_X2K3#_R\1_\`?0J3^P+#_GWC_P^



?
M_?_X46Y6'BW2V&?M$?_?0I/^$OTH_\O$?_`'T*M?V)9?\`/&/_`+Y7_E_
ML.R_YXQ_]\K_`(4*G_8:5_S\Q_]]4A\8Z4/^7F/_OJKAT6R_YXQ_\`?*_X
M4?V)9?\`/&/_`+Y7_@93'C#2O\`GXC_`.^J/^$PTH?\O$?_`'U5S^Q;(?\`


?_`'RO^%)_9%I_SQC_`.^5_P`*!:E'
M_A

T`+129HH`6BDHH`6DHHH`*6DI:`BBB@`HHHH`***2@!:*2EH`
M****`BBB@`I***`EI*6@`HHHH`***2@`HHHH`6BBDH`*6DI:`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`I*6DH`,44M%`&B

ZA?2RR(\Z7$.S*3IMW!O1E!S4OC

ME-\K


MFU;QA9Z1
T3AV*`
?RJ;Q$NIW
MMW<PLDQC9`+=80`C<?QG^A^E%@-CQ%XV73VMA-RS%79MI/[O_9]6]JV;7Q%


)E\)





M/\J[_5;`:G:RP$\2*5_

MFTB-X\I


R1J'3S/\`




C+P%0IC:WU..*U_$

&\E$R_Z+(Z*&1<,L:AN<8.376PW31AUZ$;OPK@;?1O
M[:%Z\/\`K4N6DB#YV.HQP5/!5N1F@#ICK*WFF1W#R?9C*J-NP#@G!V@'UZ5I

45E?
8:
@AD82+D8]L58EU./3-3G^







J7SS


=QX&/3I5BQTFUTUGDB4*'`W8Z?+G_&N)@7&BVJE3E;H
X*



]

-WRGC]VRG

1_


M3-'N=^J6\@+LIMF0ML9%R'4[0




U%+69MZRHS1/C!RGWE...G2J]O
MJSZG)
Z3-&(9
!=FY3&NW=GC.3D]\CTH=/\`A(-5@GC!\FV#DN1@
[C:`OK@



M`HHI*`%I***`C%+10`F*0KFEI.E`%#6=#MM=C3+D*=RD$J5([@BH=(\-6N
MBR-*FYG

4M%'
M2@`P*



M3:7-`TE&:,YH`*!1FD8[:`%S1FC%`H`6DS0:*`B@44`+2&BD:@!110M+0`
MF*







M&7=-UBXOM9\N5'AVVY8Q
P92?



MKQLZY'19@YY^E
O++4;*.ZMH(?
%PSO')N4!?-'S!@?3M0!9L_$$D$=M`L;3
:WV@N\KN!G^$S;OY4`:=SXB9972&!IA<2LI5<'&<+DY
M8X-


M&K

.GR2HRLWE!

%05_





]

M)X6@9P6CR58



MRJ\1L5+
3P!6CI.KC4BZ


IXKI_NEG3_-?[.EN&(H#N?:O]XY([\8H$:&KZD^GA1'$TK.VU57I


R*7B)*G.WD@_W


4)
.&<JJR



_

'5548..F<$4NCZ+(+CS!91VX5&&=V]V9AC
MY2#@@99M?&)EMA<M`5CDVB'YE+.['&W;QCZGM5B'Q

0SEV&.
G6@_<
M^)93*Z6\/FB+B1MZI\V
&9K6XE8VL=UYI




O.TBG


+(L03_@MG]37.ZIITNC:#&(6X@(:/!_C+$8'X-0!U.C:HNK



MLD(B;
AW^8[90@





2K



M\.^([B*UL_-A(CE19GW

M+KQ?-!%-/';-)#$67?N`)V

M?3]


ML
V%9EQP#7474:RQ


Y@6Y:WQ7V,^\$_?V9XZ

#/'&
MTK#&$7'))]^WK69IFGWEW?\`VNY18MD9BC16WYWD

J)M92LA?[NUN/QSTJSXDLKB^A58D


M/)/Y
RJK

8-9S^)'UT2XDM_W+R1!/WF&W&4+V'0'GWJ71=$
MGCN/,:UAMU$?N\
S

M!#&KK$2KEI%C8LO7:IZXIT_B[SGC2V02&2
3`R.(AM8\`9SEO:LR?PQ/9S3;
M+6&X$CM(DDAE=_52.0#5C5-!N76*
V\-PBQA2G^JV..I0_W3Z4`=)IUVU]



M%=3TH`.E+2$4@!:***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@!**6B@!*:*


Z[E)]O?L:`.Y9@HYJ&TO(K^%98SE6&5-

N`3S

P`NX[=96
M.YDCE56/S'ZXH`[*;4HH9UA.=[JSJ`.R8S^/-26URMU&LFH8!L.-I&?4=JY
M333I.L(J2NX^SRLJR





2!E/\`



1VKHK'!D.U?<XS_`%1V.H17YD9_=N8FX_B4`G^=8/BJP%W?V1
MWNO[PCL5XV


MUS*5^1BO\#-GZ\?EQ0





MRNRB!)5\PF0HSN4+9/.


CN/LWF_O&
F'\P)N
M&?8Y(Z4`=N1F@_-7%6
-];W


YB;RV^N`?Y$56\.0+:V$




M$
KE/LIF&YBS1N&V\

Q8.'0G=CH-N
\4`=:P

=O6@#J)HUE0JPR,'Z&DAA2V144!0HJ/8
M5QECJ
]VL.G%V\V.8K
V3N
4/S9)SGYAM'OS5.%K[687N`DGF;Y-D@F5%CV

/G'_H-

8





MPK



M`XZ
`?SKAM6TZ**XU209W`$99O^6BON[^W'IVJW#8)HUQI[QNY,V8YS
=X

M



T92


`_D30!VF:KP:C%




C%.45G'55=U5C^`-`&WN%98\16TB1

0QS\ID7CTX':

YQP*L

M^[%


MYJ0

UYQ96UTD-O=((XV=HR;AIV)DW$95@00=W/'8UW]_P`P


MCA=1PQ!$

M!S5:34DBN8X#G=(K
#V^3&?YUQDKW%A;31;A''YL*%8I/




=[-V8MUR





MZ4V;PA:32%V:3Y@HD`=E$FT8RX&

M&M.Y\3VL0E=TAG&Z-8QN8KUSCTH`DLO#MK8&'8/(#+'ST#]:)O#MI
LRLN


M8E93*JY1)-O`)^M`%JQ\)VEG-YP+L^TQ[Y'9SM...?I5FQTWL&C:,$&./R4
MY_@SG^E4XO$:V\$L'EE:)9&6)=S8('S'H`
T]_%MHEO'



4921C@BH$\+6BPF
[FRZRL[
2S

;2)F.V38C



M=Q
9A([%&.2
5GV_@ZS@9&.]S$P:
5N;R]V<YV].O-:5E:-;2S.2<.P8
M`DG'RJ._3D=JST\7VTKR#;(%A+B24K\BF/J<^U/L_$T5U*J-'+'O_U9E7:'


MWFDX6-2S8YX%`%&\\
6MWL/SHR*(P
M\;LC;!_2.HI\'ARUM?)*1Y+




+7AMLGEEM

]\8I;WQ9;V4TD6R61H0#)Y:;L!AG.?I0(FM?#-G9^6(U($3M

2/

MT^W\
V=O&B*#\L@FR6)9G'\3$]:C@\56LD4SONC\C'FK(



DEC@`JVFZ_'J$[0%)(W[]LJ[

=*9J^N
M0:
8Q(&)E;8BH

M_JU=V94_W0:N'0K8V\D&#LE+




?-



M6I)
L
9=C@`9)/H*QK3Q=;731@I(BRG$4DB[5;_]?;(%`&EINGQZ7(D+%5Z
M;R6X],FLRZ\(65W*\C!@93^\VLRAATPP!Y%4M%U.;5M5N`QE583L5`(\;1]


MHRCI@$=JGTS2(=(C*1#&X[F8DLS

;3;?DW%R%&?
MRZ#%;-SXABAF:)(Y)2F/


%[736615.Y1\
MH9BP3/78.@S27OBJ&TEDC2.24Q`&4Q+N9&<'D<XYP
U6F\3


S*-J;V

M#'&``

W/0?I5&Y\&Z?=2
S*0'.YT5F5&/JR@

=[-0HR=S9QQ^%`$6H^&;
M/4G#LI4A=G[MBF4_NG;C(JWIVEPZ3(8%V(


57O-'A

AR_WPK
JO_O`
M'!JPNF^7=K*ORJL?E!1GU!Z=.
5B'Q


MO-!
+8IBK+%(8G?RUF`!7=NV\C.[&1UQ0!8NO#%C<11
MQE,
;8R&8

G[WJ#G(-5G\6H)'V0R/'&_ER

@D


MORG!.
.M85SXL^R!I&MY1K


M

M#=


M+


MB+5)=

3A3Z@9Q

M/.*`.QJK9Z9;V





C1$AAD
3
&K#2I/
ZO[VZ21%C?Y*_
M+\H^7CU^]G\*`+=OX4TVTF$R0JK@Y&,X!/<+T_2M1T#J5(R
5E:OKS:?.EO
M'$TLDBLZA2%^X1G)/3K56;Q6^7




M4`)&=J[OO''_`.N@W;Z%96MNT1+Y;_`'E/.[/KGK3+'PW8Z;()(H@K`$!N



S(L3[8SF/[W)X


9+1M$


M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%(:6DH`!0:!
M10!SWB+?;WUG/M9D1I`VP;B/


5X_N8S_.I+.Y6^C$@!`;LXVG\10!Q5WICV5X\LJ7&R5(MK

F_*B)0[L1


XX*XQQZUE16M_=6N&$CH+F

'=IY&V(5'\.6;=Z5V



57O;&+4H_


M?`RR/$IV



M/!;+:R6UP\@PAQ(ZP$9^]G.`.^





1$K.S2'YSPHS

MQCE0H?M


K$97R8HPWJ4WYK=QBFGCM0!







MFBE4




MR-A9R1E
NTD\K



M]J.H0.CP/)/N)
1XK=8&$D4

]5C&Q?Y9_&N@O++4(C'*NY3U'_`.JI(8%MT(`%48`'84`8_B
M<7-K/%$91$[;PI&0'3;GGTJ@-$NAIU]$5&Z:2=HQD<B3[M=6%Q1C%`'#WWA
MF2&Z

M:`.(U;1;V[N9_
@

ML\JX\NU

M_P!*ZEEW4M`'(S^'[MM*N(`N7DG9U!(QM
P;_P!!%5[WPPT%W.YM%N1*WF1M


415CAD5Q']P
Y4X4'G'!JI
MDR*&=+HW$:DX#H8PA'?'&:[@#%`''R:;J.J3W,SQ
26K01J6#')R?FQ]:O




M.Q0V[B

M$ZP0(]K%

Q@D;+HA^Z%D]J[0#


MHHHH`2BBB@#GM7;&KV?/1)__`$%:Q=-O+_7?LD8N&C$D$CR
`-Q*OM&
C@UU




M'RY&


9X(FB0@VXW;9#]X2=_E_6M6





I#PW*\
W7
;=/PKI;O0X;V=I7R=

K

MGTJ?QW9-=P0@2

M*9BA#*ZLO4
AR#0!S']E7%]?7H2YDB$8C^YC+
(NK'%0R^([N^BM(\RYD@\^

M==9JWA\:A


1






IXR?+.1F@#EI=1NM4EFD7[4KO'$(%'ECRSCY
MN?FR1S5\F]UJ]ABDDD@S;21(SM.\/C^M:-UX42:61HII85E)
B1M@
QZGD'



+
M[4`6*`:*3&*`'44E%`TE+10`4E+29H`6D-`-!&:``44`4&@`HH%+0`F**6D
MH`6BDS10`M)2TE`T4@HH`**
44`%%%&*`#%+124`+124M`!2444`%&*6B@!
M!2T44`%(1FEHH`0#%%+24`&*`*
TM`!12&C-`T444`%)2TAH`6BDHH`6DH%
M%`!2TE+0`E+110`4444`%%%%`!1110`@I:04M`448I:`$-`HHH`#12TF*`
MC%&*6@!.E%!H`H`,4M%%`!1124`+1110`E+110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!24M%`44M%`44M)B@`Q1110`M-Q2]:*`BB@F

M
44M`4BB@`I:**`$HH`Q2T`)1UHQ1C%``10!BBC-`!2T44`(1FEI!2T`)1
M110`=**
9HQ0`8H-+24``I.].HH`2CO2TE`!UH[T8I:`$QFEHI#0`44E&*`#
M%**#0!0`M)2TF:`#%%%%`!2T44`%)BEHH`3I1F@T@!:***`BBB@`I*6DH`
M
48I:2@`I:*2@!:*3-+0`4AI:0C-``TM`&**`%HHHH`****`$I:2EH`***2
M@`I:3I0.:``TBB@`S10:`:`#%%+24`!I
4M+0`4E&:.M`!2T@I:`$Q1BEI*
M`EHI,T`+124M`!129I:`$H%%+0`44E%`T444`)2T@I:`$I:2EH`*2BB@`%

,?R-5+P6%I8B:\E^TA5(C#'[QQD8]/QH`]

.[+R2.V!4
M*V`2J9Y^M`'=9HSFN




EI5
BXZ;5QR?SH`O4#-9^K:S%HZJ7#.SML1$&69NO%

KD@MB;!D^F/Y5SD


$!

MD]`!65/XD%Q!


MGC!5QD
#Z51'BV*:&-X8Y)&D4NL:@;M@.-QYX![4`;M!-4]+U./5(RR`C:2C




M`

M*ZKXN9H+::W1RLDNQQM&[Y204P3]XGI^-7&U^WTU;F1VD.R0)M.#\S*N%C`]


Y


M^V7/D20O$S*9(_


EO#;R2M%@MM


M*#/M*_(2N[;_`+1QZ4MQXO0-$D$3S--'YT87`X_VLGB@#H#2#VK`7Q=&]OYG
MEN)/
\CR.-WF?W?3ISGTIT7B?:LHFA:*2*

MDT5AVWB-A
L=Q`T'F9\MF*L#@;L';T.!4


LL87=]T?-WH`W103BJ6E:

M8





Y&.1QQ0!OEKF[3Q5)OB\^'RTF(5&#J^W(#`=
_SK4UO5
MAHMJTY4MM*C:./O

B[0BX^9GQW)QCFH9?

AUGCB90W1FY5@P^\/_U&@#IJ*YZY\32;Y/(A\Q(B5=BZJ25^\%4]




./X1_%U!/Y5S6G^*]3T6!;66S=Y(QL5
MESM..G.TUZ!1B@#S6X\-7UIH-V\@+3W#K*R+R?O#CC\_:KNL^$F&GV]S:1B.
MX@5'P!@MP

@@AMI&
?6J7A1)](\/

M)_



MLL29(_B#-D5T0XHQ0!Q$%E=Z:D%SY3-Y



B[0@DN&8LW.2`IS@NKQ0*`.4\6R77$2GS_LY0[OL

6[].:[\BEQ0!ARV;3:NS
N8
MVMO+)[9

MM-TZ'2H1%$
*/?))/4DGDDT`9'B..:VN;:[2

MUF.^NAZ6$01(P^=]H8[MO;[V!7:8YHVB@*T4I$H/4*/YN+L;.X*6\/E.


21N;MC/-=H*3'-`'%Z]H=]:Q6X
MM068P_8Y2.R



@'N.

MFY`!6R!BCK0!S

`
M^;S






1
^LTMV<RO*Z/D;-LG/7U]JN(U

PX6
MKB6

IC_0A#SV?/0UJ^%?
33H4
&[NVC6,S,MJPE5-WS2`G;G



'K)[T5&C2)B2Q2/)


M




!%'0*
)K74[







!1)?01#+.H'N0*`+%)55M4M4`)E0!ONDLO/TYY
!&/SI(;J*Y&8V#?[I!_E0!
M(:44E**``T@T@!:***`$HHH%``:2E--%`#J6BB@!`*6BB@!**#24`+2T@I

+G&?SKD




YQ2^$;





&22ZC3J&1XF)5B3C;R

M)X=N9DG\F'[.DD040EP0TFX'.`2J^GOF@#I+KQ%8VA4/*!N`8=3PW0G`X!]\


MC%
G\-7LT;H%Q\T$Z_/MW-'&$=




MVS+1


J%MNY7B


&6-5)RS
`X[@$XZ^U`



M.2ZBMR06D#\INVC8V

M=6(PI)P





ML[5;BQ@LD!
)W2R*
3


#RX8U[=@[\UWA7-'W:`.3@LX5O+V[:
M+Y8E6-$V\'RUW


R1KD


9H`X:YT-;/3;2V5/WDLL9DD`Y!SY


&


M[VQ75#-17
'GQLNXKN&-R]1]*`.)TNW?59)-
QB&&9VG/9D9M\:#ZY^;V'O7

QRS
W4D^M7*`//DG





&8]@L0W\_4@5NXS1C/%`'`

611&(R%HPHVB/D#DDYI;C3GL9;1)GVQ1PL4:5/,7S?NL
XRJ


M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4TH


A1N[\52L_$
BW
M8AG:%@4:3?Q.T)C[V?K5WQ!I9U5(TP&RI(P;H54\U0N/#&V25(`J17$;)*
M`





M4:/`9





M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`4M%%`!1110`4E&:,T`+249H/(H`!129
MP:6@`HI*6@!:0B@44`%!YH%%``!BC&:,\T$XH`.E)0:%XH`6EI,YI,XH`7%+
M129H`,T=:.M%`!B@4AX-+0`8I:3-+0`4F,TM)0`4M%)0`8%&,T8HH`6BBDH`
M*,C%&*`%I*
44`%%%)0`M&*!2T`%)BEHH`3'-!&:*!0`8HI:0C-``*6D`Q1
M0`4$9HQ1B@`%+28HH`**
48H``*

M`4E+10`E%+10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`G6CI0!0:`C%%+0`F*3I2T4
M`%+2B@`P**
44`&**6B@!H%+12T`%%%%`4M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`4444`9GB*6:*T)A;:^5G&1DLHY]N:IQWT^JEXU)BF6-@R
M?W9
_*?=3V]JVKFV2[38_3(/IT.:1;6

MOI)G&&_W:C_M&8WQL]S;0Q;?_%CR@V

M%MLV;.




MY@

M%SDMT[L


82)`BCLHQ5C-`
M!112T`%%)2T`%)2T4`)1110`M%%%`!1124`%%%%`!2TE%`T4E+0`E%+24`%
M+24M`!1124`+1244`+24M%`4M%%`&@4M%`!24M%`!2444`%%%+0`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`E+24M`!24M)0`4M)2T`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%)2TE`!2TE+0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`)
M12T4`)1C-+10`E+110`A&:0EHH`
44M%`@TM)0`@I3Q1BB@`%!&:
48H`
M
9H`Q12T`)C%`HHH`6BBB@!**6DH`*!1BEH`2BBB@!:***`$I:*2@!:*2B@`
MHI:2@`I:2EH`*2EHH`2EHHH`*2EI*`EI*6@`HHHH`2EHHH`*2EI*`BBB@!
M:***`BBB@`HHHH`****`$HI:*`$I:**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`$I:2EH`*2EHH`2EHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*2EI*`EI*6@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`I#2TTT`***0
M4M`!1110`4M)2T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%)0`444E`TM)10`M(:*#0`EI!

 'defref_fil_IssuedSharesOfCommonStockAndWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PurchaseSharesOfCommonStock1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SharesOfCommonStockAtAnExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SharesOfCommonStockAtAnExercisePriceInRepayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RecognizedFinanceCostsOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_MrMaggioreAdvanced'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AnnualBaseSalaryOfMrDahl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_MonthlyBonusCompensationPercentageOnRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SharesUponIdentificationOfBioActiveAgents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsForSharesUponEnteringIntoABusinessContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsForSharesUponTheCompanyEnteringIntoACoDevelopmentAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsForSharesUponTheCompanyEnteringIntoACoDevelopmentAgreementForNutraceutical'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsForSharesUponEnteringIntoAPharmaceuticalDevelopmentAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0100'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0120'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0125'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0150'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0225'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0250'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0500'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalPriceRangeFrom0100To0500'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0100'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0120'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0125'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0150'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0225'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0250'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0500'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalPriceRangeFrom0100To0500'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0100'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0120'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0125'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0150'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0225'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0250'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0500'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalPriceRangeFrom0100To0500'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0100'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0120'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0125'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0150'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0225'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0250'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PriceRange0500'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalPriceRangeFrom0100To0500'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_MrRiceReceivedWarrantsToPurchaseShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_MrRiceReceivedWarrantsToPurchaseSharesAtAnExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TermOfThreeYearsVestedAtPerQuarter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IncludesACashPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AgreementWithChristopherMaggioreAggregating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AgreementWithChristopherMaggioreAggregatingDecember312012'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AgreementWithChristopherMaggioreDuringThePeriodJanuary12013ThroughMarch52013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ReclassificationHEPInvestmentsAndAdvancesWillBecomeConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_OutstandingBeginningOfYear1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_Issued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_Exercised1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_Expired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_OutstandingEndOfPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'


:.*R@^QI[E=8O:M%6


M^OYZN]U.YQ$



M;R=C

O(Y]]=5%A

M]WM9^9NRR]M4#4W6U3+K$KTM3NB=HUN0R3R
!-

8D6#
MMS+UHUMV693L.X_3F@Z\(.HR\LKLA*V&V+]M]#/PT2&F4`!$2'89GF5O
M
M8C\SW_\I%^
:-Q&#!W$



M;:HGW16*75$8BJJU0G$'BVWL@=_+O@T#IYTA*XHM5_R(F.SIO`5JH*BFH33D



M3;PPF(0\SRNE]`V'K$JF88#O.T3V=-Z0%\U-=,ZDO=:-F'P#$5A@_M-=G2

2Y:\)AVX8..X(\(!UF^QMY-@-O@;CU
MBT.#O#X'745$-P\AVVP90`8KJ94HL4JN/2]17*2KLG4DK[X+5@61
O5'U'
'

RU-L\Q*@?@(WD\LH5[`W'L:!:`A

74+:E4Q/570(DF6M-22N-(O0=UD4

M%!;

QCF!T%F"6+<S8-GIFWZ:+,+(^S=SZ\_X-=P*?\CQ+--ORL<`F7J



MYE0[CCHF8^;[8#'Y\:#&HS&54KI3I=663;UI[&?Q@04LHC[$M7UWZ07\&]N
M!;0;F@%I2SER/D]





DGH(:QOY1[N'Y@7H!?O@8;#9!!P'X!GY$&H_%C2*6


8-3$,R\0-Z
9ET\]9Y51'C^#C_B91GCII;%MZ!88?^Z%#U/O
MHA`$J:N*ZK:$BA.`
@#?E#2_??TTQ9+AGJ%K76G`1CE#79+!^#K6
U#(.P






M.0



MLHVP(

O8GL?/VF^7:.4
M2W%'\SD'/%$I3Y=.A[='Z!AQQJ=I8%5ZQ_
Y![R#TFL)#]H[C+GQ0Q0N-P7
M\J,!C3?15:GZE-`!^EW.?S@PPEXGAB_.3*B$4:GC04CZXIIJF(DVZ2[P2!Z
MZT




M;.J=#(4[\7W4VK

V!%U?T22CK3RP_%;\I
MA)T0N^JF6=Q)/8GM5P`O5/ON@(NFI/$AD/H9ED]@)C(2Z0AN:X_'0\28;WEG




MH1GK%RE^4^_!_DU4ZO+SK4T7F`[P)LW@`2O@K)8_2FL7@^UH9
S@).=/A;



M(VE[EB*E+D


MOJ/+U;L_RKKTCMS=CV^?!J/)X'%('A_(^\_CP?!^/

M8!JOZDE
[O\QZ0V&=_?#R8UTI7O!.U)']4=&_61![H

FC/IEZ(:ZQS]AGCL]N
+

?@\M
Q*PA(`.X+D<T






K@`7
U@CG.)UE0DQ@%4(_%S%^
MCMDMZT``/H(K`@DC_!B=`9AWGQ?!_)SOF+=TFQ](2;T(*WIP7MHCU]II[/



)_`





/@=G#_[=;.=E/H?)_4S[+/RMSM2ZCY#Z2W

4D6LL.HS(
PUX@5LM3/TS'0.QXMFXM
M?\2[VJAO'M)]#CQLP]T+5Z_^$G(QAT)FM/`VV1
63ND\4Q0(QY;T%TAQBL%G












BP\

X


'H

/(JXL;R
6X\Y+3@L608
M^P


7V







BH`BDCS]I73.6QPXPLSB1V)#*XQ(@ITH\AG!



E?:U\1G(:J@!@MK(I-8\G8R/B^`DLDL(9GIF6A[CY
MXX48-C&J&.=W[S&?
9W7'/G+2B0Q]$11#4J&I/L:Q=%%W2A7E6[B8(H?D(D;
?C''TB`1A8JY?R&
SB!*5/BALI?@;*(!X
MWID\XA/'F^38Y%.;2FJNB.F$K`AQ*40!


M98



I_T1[)`I#%C2
'.9\8N)P);`'([ZQ

M3/XN6[:2RD2$!%]$)@
)RT1F:AK[@RR5:2T\ZYK_)C-V




9Z#/



3\1T!IF?#\TO/;^`SR\I!$@J)B:C86H&




M^\W/J-QT%\P#O.S'&RQ11

M6%@Q



?.+F\I=?Q2-B[KNKZSEX^%-S`.&C
M\&K9C/@Q]1:BHED?5'2[1\5$NS:(L*SCDD2G-ICH]AN'003_&&OAD2
(]5$A
MHP=1FD:3&0G[/%VP@@QMNR5%?8227D*R&OL#
L^L:4H%`[S][T*G5Y
M(-/C




ZC]RI5O@.7+VC\81E

MT&&4D.?3U0`OT3JH)CS8U#I'ZYQ7I'
6T+M6`(=1`'BNKV5_37C!X:?A6@%H
M!?!Z%
`RHM=:8*_


2R24
MLVIC%]
&(K5=!E6##R



0=G*7\YC8FBG@3;BBX#=&VB
M='F.DSXO/917^B\W?5



M6ZF
/9S#CKCL'F/H0S9=RCM;!$^EDL9SK8]F;J
MZ%BU1G
J?KU=Z1(EZT:N


XZ

5?EZ=/;
Y6G






MN28J#I%T^[L+C\=/!O=8';













MKI@H-8I#`9



M=&938.GG'[/DY-YUI^]OBP/




'Z[9(+7Z'CB

ZKL^\U


)_@K??_T!=:




M!&'5!A&=9J-[&$1L$*!X'?)3%QJJF0^V8Q2O(?8/?3BX/_&_&3$KSA6WSM;T

6VG
MI95Q';9BIR[R49CC.]38]FIOF7^L;7K\W9@9Y]%DZH9/(LV[U?DI
;Q5^=(Q
M
P;
#^^EK\H\T\BF42B^G0*!@2

MO]
5V?SPX5FI_$:!ZR*7?XV4?$KA'_G!^_
HA'6G^/`'-JC*]M]O]GY7S=X_



;#ADP/?[UQC:;S2;^
M9PB`!!I

M)^-+E*(8HI%1




MV2`5
Z;NR:



.%-\`B`HG`WX



Q`\IUJ20!+
BG*CCG=`%



MJ2G



&`C%-G@H$EH!L`7&YX;)J(K:P


A!5\?\0@;/$UV^UK4:K_8-)

F9JSX:UJ-]0MB`KP4OB9

M+1340ELJ@3
IMH$#\L^Y66@BRF





M[\C`JHYRX&JNOHU@UXU?01M1=`Y$5EG.S&-Z

MI:`

M8

MJ]UM5*5[;'H.C9*YK


[






M%
#D\PC[)(\'H-!$D*/L?BQ%'GU'

3E.+S06@HGS4JE^=7*+(U%.8A6:X:?

MHX\


M=H;`NU.E.Z)T]R!2BB+C-UH*[N:8XR!-=;2DW-LFM%K-A:WO-#MH=GAE[.#T
M.F:WU]'V1=V
.RV+CH)B+6HT&7\'*-9DK%WMEZ


!='PZ]_^Y[__ZV=\]&H`NT4KN8LN

M=Q=&WQ#=4=O-GXRK

H0
S1^..`]
XO[B:Z1-ITFJ*5K]3/B0^-3
IPC$[\;LZMX==



B8)[I*]WC'

M%P7D`TKU*=B0U*39G#409+M?ZHTKH//613*BXW'LPW=N.3V[8U-/:K7!NLD[

M/GW$EM.8'UY%*

VOE;C-M/EW50[3%=S3'?YMI3(]$W?


MHA5Z:J]


MQK;3XT.G8Q_@


S`K3OG5Q:IH.49]CP)Q#@=Q4

M
`D*T'=C']AT
TBX.BIBUO1`$

,+GEE%



%JKVS
M(L2WT):W;

6VBB`#VG!+Z=4^A75G4*P
Q).55BP






M0K\7JP8B?8SH3(7ACRX:LDGY$1@2
$(6)C$\:BPB7QS5
\XB-_;(5@-*&J8(


V@'EA;U*`$W]DN4EU9/Q6W`B



M@:V;&F\3)O175\VQ4L

M5F7#\W



GSIC%@]WX8BHM&F2CY58MV
1NFBW+
5M.=3]%+;D.OR7-QH(.
M7)H[#KT55MOLM3MFO[_^AFCNV#MW=+4VUW[YBY5-NS[2U?)&T_)W@F1-RSM'
[/UL`[?MGMT
ME?B=ECDUV1&PU]N:.6JQ%6]M4W0NTNQ1ESUI-IK5Q^1:<=?-.M72;L`WPN:



MOSPD:UK6[N[+THJER[;8NPD[CK'8C_;@`7.4&%Z4#0+VFJ3
SG(Q.Z;3:9OV






M4Y;0ML=+MSUL'?MX7;:'CGW4@;U;IM752:=UV8UFHU/=%E4S1;V90ML?+][^
MT+&/5V5_M'=\X^7@#=N_

F.?2.:-MD


OSP
M*7)#X]I]HKW!8;


M:30=L]CX[-[?^U'
3





0&K6FUL!3;-#['C9R1C``D`R!&W=$W





M9A`I@+R8W8-144!1/.APC)2D0C7!SW#3V`49DP7!$_QOZ`F^2A3ZVSN#;\N
MI)Q@!/@MFZ9BJ3GUW43P=VI\'GYR_?99&?9M2:Z2IH#')1(;F?TQ@7NBZ&-


7YD;`+&@2(_I
MT4!@R)48
CSP1+
$298_A5XM`RN0?[/:C=_,N;0JNJ7&=FZ5+JZ01*]I+55
M?JH5Q9]%;DSYH

?823


B;



0O9HQO0HTDV'#(P5QY8_A8'P@1#
M!-@59O4Q

?`F
E!&Z^HQCV3?QO\(3G/JD

:#GV


(0H1.+H`7917;-%!'@?LHEP[!^


2C[=
M(12&T0

0#Y%/3MWU&-3+





MM=1#`Y8^

0X'*&5?%0.\8E/G4




F$8$XI

M


MFL6

32B/S_`GF





MTN0JOL$5)(?


GTL/_9[4Z/R7&HX#6
M\!-C&K


4W%@_]A!G7

8L'L_#.$CGAP^


M.AW-+G7;FV;CV6WBM&+7+L)W@V3M(FA:_EZ0K&E9N[LO2RN6+MNRT
-KME
6


AQ&$W;G?OO@)\
@2K*8+2F=WVX6





0(*




MTR
./H







LZQP*



$/PG\50X+K^_^RQ/B5'J+0L3H)_*1
H'+^;]4!WM/\=A
MQR[GC@))U&P8!40.):
GQ'+P%R#]-)J`%68E=4D!8I-/B1QTA3T\\0=,G^


(3J.
M!KY



8CZ6-*NTBM.TBA9JK


M

F
MY;8C6RR7&R_7*%NYV_K.4LH4(\/8O





MO;`;5DNSQ-&WH=O?C6T[?'B;0];VQZOR_9H:]OC^.S=-5N=EMGN;]#HJT9[
M\;U9'U:CIZV/XV_#YDRA[8^7;W^TM?WQFNR/MHY]U(];;/7;NJ#EYKLAM6P




MH




MH#&

MAP$&\D.&'ZYC/QSZTX`E1C0R2N#1RK


MU@T`6/ABPK`1


S?QDZO1*9\2.W$?@TJ4
MZ2^2U)_`0I

MACV_9R&+72`


M[
_

HD


/7T-NP1:*1.`)+-(G[A/
ML'J0!5P*
\^D0/;03V$=P+4A0#:-HQ%+$M@8^



MW/IR_V
4$[%

YT24Z(ODA


M&#/@;4#X&/Z.#1`

M0!
`M^%7PNM!!PK#!D2-4XX8?+\QP(5%
IK/=\=D$HC/V$9$
9N7[X``RH

M'[^8Q7VU/EV'S4J

R?P

'#/@D=P8`U4$+/X?;B$A
RS^V?!!
S$0


=$8



MW#`^5SR
C#3(GEC
]73@@`_SZU3

M/0;
NV=H2]*/ZJ_X98Y96!J7I6_]!^691S\(2

M^=@'*08*]PG


CB`T/(@LH3;TV(G5-CX?#@#S1FADH!%ON?BUGD

C4C7
M4V%-



M5'QF&

MU%'_*9HA;G-3[*I$0-T+U




\PBX?FP$&Z`NXORQ-U(@/A7P%$'
+

A=TI#?@`_P)@$P9&2[!4R6C

T++E1

MHL(7GYF6Q_+YXX46


&5$YHZFC
M
XHC7_*K\JE-<3:*^R!2B$K(FP*40Q)I.!#

M?OQ\P\FW+KDP`BI#`6O%D4M=92-2BCCBYR?R4YY08\!&(7FJ!VZY#$GR5R@R
M!
XY-S[HU.\V!4HWE#R0


M'$B:P
!_9FX

M^]




LYXMFUA(L0H4#V`FBE!+I7@+Z2


ME&^%W$_:.:E:\AU


!QO-CA?X)
M*G3C^


0$P[+

,6-7_(K)?.Z2+^EU$EYQOE






MA

SF%9AU%GD_7&[Q$ZZ:\&!3ZQRM

N(7FN!O3+#C9]\-498






XB
M[HDC%D:&U3

M$!=E4WBQ!;HW(^XIXN_4
JE4125A
Q4/WM@=LRU+'%AFR]Y#@8
5M##;U1)-
M:KX].X_Y.WLCMSC3`6,=[CD%]41R$544_/;CQ\KJX23N:Q*B_SJKG)KEL:



9JLW?#YNYYSC?P7$GR
Y6IA@$8VKRK
MG1`$QZA#-0/%[`@ST67.UYBGCLQR3H-9XOVH7&^;YN10M1:5A)^BK;A8LO
MA

M)POTM*A=713954HF$#)H-`4FG%Q



3;2




M=^B37!;E/6)924T6

MB'(62;_9+NBJ7!.5G$BZ_=V%Q^
G@_O9CED2F_+5O!XF5:'F$XC?YJ`YJ+!;
MGG9=IP
HD(.%(E$$(9;9\1=;IL9O4RI^D4NY9J]2W#1[%57H
WJ7!W;S$H
`




M!Q^;
.?O\$K;)=Y9NF-+-VL!DXLGB9AFNC))Y2_4(;D5HK-\D$0ST&]#4CE7

MHY
H03K!DS)[!?4TRM)@#;=RD7C?R+_
W2/A7EI3DF_$E:OPN7Y'C'R*W,B
M/[M/6YA-'&FM:I.IJG$/-YF\)293SU9-)NQ$:5`K2N-ST1A4=?.6Z9R64IP0
MZ)L';XTAEK@O@NVP,\K,`\QZ00$CM572_!*(?(XIL+BHF=\AG[85(9F^7Z3

R5I^QXC=(R)97YH3R/SH&2




XVR-\S^Q


MB+&\TYJG'/1L


MF;:M$Y9?!#MHB5
+B?/J['Q-QB\-Q9J
:(^W-O;H

.+LD'`7H^\VU%XKN^8?7W26X.=V`=K:+]YVVB1[6FTIK
M@7_$Y*/\+\]_P
\__[AY/Z.\#1+V@:




3%-[P_

MZ+_3;'3;1/Y+0X:[F@Y$2+-=S6):1U&7G^@^^QT$NT#JH)#S:USM$ZYQ7I

6-&
M[*9


[+0YTF#O]U^^











WA?A?




M

&*(_M^2ITOPKAL_!4





MR^']1R!!T2`




M2&_$;

MA^=N
I8A)_CMGB7P0HBB-`I_]]/Q+$*?05);S*;Z*5
W?







!L)BXE#'(8H)KAV]X!;426L-MV*T_`T#.$AO!YQ-5KKAL]B

M6NS5PSYGVD4D)&VE/4RYC(CV/.TB
MKCM(L(289`5TU9I!E=I6
67X;#:++Z

!_.$U/






M%U#F`21'L]&Q=@K/^L2Q#VSL@#HJ)

MNQNS_/KH!S9B6.KV!I/C

)YYW[CA7*^L/1\)5ZJ0.BV9R!8
M
`*Z^9&J<$V7#5H$7$<C?O4(P-MJ-A%7


M9L-X2#*KD+!B2L3,K!:-IYA8IU)YHY@OMM&H67'CP#HF(H$J[/_.B4B.?T


%BB2G`


7JIQ



\=.`:I`6=?I%R)W;8`DSX*C_)5A5(#[

2_(/V.:F8=

M@H.NH^*@8]?+4+[[&



MQ]P83PDK*E[8G;;3M/K]/0(Q=3&??'[J?MOJ])JK)I9G@&C!7HT*_J638:SJ






MS143[`B0=:D&S
*.+/]_&
C6)9O#0+.`;K9!BVQ7EUR%Y?N$HD7@\TEGU0R[
M`F5MG8H-5.W#PK8N^1P*GD5:=O4B$(UY=Z@.Z;RG&?-^W:`J;;E7E6^P!C
M;7+8P]R+9
?:*[X!JEA]NK32/#IQY
&O'';&5:3T3-&7Y=:GC_3N@3QCF6

M,MV80F:*`AX81!JS_,\R;!?V(Z__`UH[GM'Q1HGY%W'ZEBO`!6+SNF/@8-

M/A

E_7(]
)X5
M(E_+/SA




M^FM?N.6D?N=^0RLFB!(P6.Y@FK
`BR/-'!M5R

G[Y7S]C

TF

M9Y\4^&&7.B=887`;^(^.?4O2SU;8/S;T]O;0_W$DW)<XW%J#PZWM.?S:AY[


#TWWM<ZH7!)]S:NCR%Y.GUQAVGF!H$_8G[XA%UE



NF[5[




/_

C`Q
C$R
S%?


QTM8C6[H)X#2]ZO[1?%K?0=$<ZZQW6





6
MX`VCXVY0PPBDILOG/?U%&D)?J*I:+4

M$R%*+ZC//#^/PK90OY!KV?^`5!+`P04`````-;7E#]JBI!$H``#QQ`(`

C`Q
C$R




SBX-\;&I#^<?QP.[:KX<MMK%-N_[3[7?\^

()'Y-O(`YOEHZSH?WVW@`_K.?4!Z-V][NX7T







(9/P#.#R`F6D&SY=O)S





!NC8&D#O!Z`QZCH


M2%TV+]]?T@N&X1

_7#Y0^59T2\/OD;%GQ$_/*M








$YE)4/+*CF
MMZ[M

\
^LX&1E0TMIN'4[I%
MG'`5ULZBGH&(J`Z\H8
#

&AG0YRJ
M*+T
M8D;EIK:F09%*VK%^

V\50
@9QY4*^:CN_SE)


M9^+GI$Y$#(TX6B$


_'\C^8VZ-K.EP9M@F^6T=
M&RY.RQ?8;'$DZ39:6FVT:O(
)_$@16GE3HJU8
(\54V[(Y.YXX
9!'0#LGY`R$@,!!
M$_\.B.GAHR0OH_C#$=?1GRY)W;7S3IXH)VMXM8@3AH[:W:Y_D=$,7+0&8Q06
M,I$KV2;C-Z^@=ON10K0H:[,5.P+RFNUP**))37;JWY0%2G8\D*]LD`S((







Q2
MX'TB+






#E&3@RZY^



M

I:
M7.^JF#P!13L/Q:G
?6)
$+

M=TQD



M@84V

SF@[]9T@


4







M]HS]DD












MN=&GE-=@('!;;AQCKB3-&09F?SB9#XT/L^&P'@/WI


ITU;_*4


M;/L`SI14OBO.^AY`^O1!X+%6_M
R+0$TIY3R&XQ9G_3I.#.@B;!$4.9+M03




M
2;CB][!H[G#GY

-75KO'


IB


YA`@#PWNB7;
2

D=8.#9R%X!ZPE@
K.EBQ4
EJPE0Z::
MYGC+J:Y\E_!Q.#6#)Q!&23PR=SPSBVF.


M88'I=)S\ES


MBQ.I


MWO_P0^^[&0CI^Y?P?C;DSW2C*8O99TJ_0O)WC9*:$YV$3)%$C_R]IX7%XH

OOOG_?^_OW1VH.@)O)_XXY[%3VI_V(

M:DY?14^[O&(`S[


H?



8@64$X]+'+
M*ES.

K-PN_FD^+
M'6L5TV5DO[`\')A9^5`I=L&+VGWP?02[,314/E&\`N`RQ5]X(]FJUR@RSS
M7)@E*ND/N8SFZJ

M)!EP



/^
%)
PTFYEK!P













28`IP4
X
9V#C;U!8]738KMJ0YN94!





@D


MA2N/N+;FE)0HCNLOH#CXAXYV+,6`XB!2T9W.`(@/,[;5+?K0JK/SLOI&3L


MYA0(%6W


V
MR&5;T)R#TH#(&5O=2E1I)3(#\G-@.\\@M(E%$#HN;;\V=X-L\PVM2[+B=
N3

G,$KB9LG40E,1D946!ZL[Z2N3!<-F<]E1.I
:*U
:';4

MNCZ026?E;^]1$(?TE!2033SM;4K$(/(Z2V`%.Q\2`^HRM34GH!00#47T?B++
MA^F1WI/H2-J;M;B'R$C
16

M082
^S@DBH1AED=1
#.5:$1SBJK`HCQXERF4O0*[*)`#\?IH0#YJ'VV28[7L


M/9.?_#]02P
$%`````@`C6UY0MF?K*#A80``;W`$`!4`'`!H97!I+3(P
3(Q
M
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`D``_F


HDM8XKE7*-@&),@C0&$/I.Y_

_57__R^]]]^U_'QV3(@@N/AC$GQ\2]<CU&)K$;L90&






S+Y-DB9+-\<EX8GL+[ISZ;TX@Y


M+/4DHF&$D#OS?FN23T4?PQK)G'FS/6F#B'K-I-V\J:15W2@\N!8_;0G-GB+F




M*JY#6



$
UQ.&9V(##_+^:

H7BFB!

MH/--D8_I
BQIP3JSAS2C_%Z*'?/C.:4KV-OJG3(OXND3
ZY-QLR3

5H^'DPGEKGUX/+
MP?FT?\^CD-IYNQ%%+5%];`5[#((RI`G0[@HJ--3.]D=:9F_^_2_C4(!JNF`_
MQ#2

8=4'`-;)1<1\RGRJY*
R*U*`K*1-V='!
0CKI1/
MK==AN!5](HA(.
@HYI2$9Z2$OU/Q[UI04W.
ES9BU?SDQ8W9=L=RR`^2[94.





)P
)A^[`BQM_7?GX9K?HCTP
M3:C'^)@]
#]F8I%0`*'=5FC@%+#%KF`EV:Z!I$#776B4VK@]0%R[]-[UY%*P




?BCTD)XE




5J$0=T(Z%2CHCD$0]
M$E_V$Y:PWE$U,]TF_K8U7U?LV^6)=ZQNY\CVPOW`&I#/7X241E.L7K<S&@
M],4B@144W2EOC^HGM41!G;JE\</KZ#[*83(@EH`)%U.]B#%5*F,:*U6!X&*






M]





`L2HT``!&PDDD^^+$_



M:55UX-:\MUVO_%C(QDQ&CCL0NO'ZW33HO1LS'GM0NL+RTSRO;-WLG
X81P_5


M=EUK1JG:V&O+.&T/BT8
G!TU#7H0HEM@[GP1
:?_P$(Z9TD:QB9X]YQRUQ8=



MARN&''8MEDJ.M0ZC4;$GQ=7M*E[1WIH84L(R)Y'

MJ^S%?]3X5G5AQYE]


MMVT

MF'YC+![]

INKK

H'8L-IMNV)#


S@;GBFB[&RI(9D!Y17J=+:C0OL-.I.5F%):I+[/1




M)3BJMEWFV\]]/IKEH+6D



M.9$;1GFLRGIU)NB@D3WV(ECJ?[-V8SW=2`HBIK)B'@O1N
)#7



3TVB7

K=NI-1J.KL[O)M9P
M

MW5*!YDMV7](O%;]BHDNJ%`C5&R7TU;F&MYUN$RJ&XH'@V!6PU;%

MA=S
C:Z+RZEF&IB`TPXSU*$CBPC0ZB`T=K3
`4*N3=O[[)8OYJR
1P-U)W;!

;8-$%


M;UR?0K=;T*7M-
$:RZU=[TU?_I<JW99K@[R2;6X
M05P^



YV<7N?BU@R8;/=0P!@$$<(0?@+7&M&5VY$O4V2


N^9P_



B
M3!639[W+)V,R0OK5#U.OC57/X*\,F@2K%+OA=_DY=LA7,8-OZGE]WR4LVO

2(

M?XMW
7N


(Z5@F6#AD674.4EB%J12]6(V.6$SREBR\9&+F
MYT8\O\I.56M\'8YR,5!QW@EI,9-6M+L&I@K=]PHAZ'R#%H=D6%:H4]#RV_+
MV^*'Y3(1
-9PLA')'FBZ!L=EK%BEP[,]61_D6&Y3/^]@;D:.NUA7LF1.%Y%
M2=[\MFC,EXJ`ZB[OQF,H:JUB-CH3Z^E]RYH-&R/6



MM_MDS]/81=[&=*GT`9Q.;4-?RRY9_-?`FY&
6ZB$O
F6$CW






+''I-(H-XAE_KVU7`DL0#\[

1[PP/R8B<\<S'T7IGKJ
M1K\J5ZI^S\Y@*9HN+


[2'(I@=PZ@D8^`@
MT
FB<6E
-51


MRSW*VI)6DKMWWE0J18N0S2Q%:DC*W=Y4_ON+`Y`4K[CP@!0G'W9VQB)Q+C@`









MB;=L$5GDC9Y9U3L]M$)J8

M5CNTLDAX[64APWVQ

Z3G325(L%
M&L^KQ7#:DMV8X?*L$T7+G[4;/*NR8#MF=@\+B#06ZLBP1=XF.Y)&/NFZ+4



MT)




7FU1JH
M54

/W*'4OWGO/D^;S
FB-^-5U^3$?`9=IW8Q?W



M]WK@@&HM.V[].7QKI#;2%B)^?%0R&55JM%+N6D

MMC8]E[UAQ7`4[*!
:/'P


XORND^O9_6S#K([;X7JS





BC`@'IT$2


MIV3$R3=&G13(DXQ^GB$.5\J




ASR&P9(I+K_V
]JR7:*-JLTG80

M!7;'$Y_$31F%O_^!\7K!F.65*7]@_%XPAB\`=S]G^8*X1WKR5@';U@H1QZ);




SH@UC*EQ0E#L5B1%
EKLAS&9F)%6



M:+]R2BM*]84=OZ!*[X;S=/2=B%\[_#`^1I2G\E=5
*HS43=MM2`'&R_6(;.X



M9Z&I$XFQV:2..B0%\HH).HN=+9UH$4%#2NKRC)B6SDXF;]JT.A5[UHSOX$3J

M'SY\O/CI7]

HT\__WQQ=?D3)!+6ZM_X$Z#?\9FL0J
-7D*=V3T+UL.-5N6\

+JSH%H#$G0&Z7P

H(`@M5E#U(IP``0KO_@XD2$:#)C
1IM
M;12Q(0QFIF\DD0T;ML%V2C];P0PI$K(%`(#CLD*F@1M`@2IJ[1[H&=#HSUD
M#424`L)(_(7&4(&6LO%7X].E#36$VJ\A`KGZ#.%^OXQ*B(AAM$A;T#H@KQR


H:LI?8/K1WM$&WO6CI7L-:&IILBN/96&'X3V819


M10_.6\NGNNM(%BK;.[-OH?J]4F3&#91];C(
#FZAW&#YUPC2+**


EL3E(&LLJEF/


MTM%)Q(9GUF8-JQ?/OA*)MZ

Y+^VZWG

8(.Z



GTKE`7*1J

V
8O%.9'C
!_KSPYBTP<58M
'



MJ*YR/K[$E!!^(Z$IKFP.BP0QS*P;VR*8^'ZE-5F3]\AX#)P/J2O+J(!D@6B&

!+Z+WW

VX^]);T9@R\5[8
MVBXV_M'(&-)]$[7@#-G#K+6,%(^C%(B--?G'4#5%0^LT=4.V5=\?:!#S9;B


=1


$\742ZN
)V_`:JM*



GT+;ML4.
)5B7D#)Z#;8WID9L@]K-+@R
J,JS3BF1H%$-/@LZT$
M;#K3[H9HR<)9+`?Y&#7P<7,$&362D^D(N/8LW=C%[*.9#44G!+-8(CZPF7J

2YTPPCBJB%IOV8#$%Z+,=0=
M)!T;#/(@1B=4##\Z8]351P-6O,%,#6=X*YHX7D#=J1,%;7($<I:'D8;F9P)
M5`9C(:\IQ6JR[?[$
R_U?39(
+8U(==`=27H&-&`T$&NR^MF'1\ZZ

M

MC4I'!U7KTI^5(8UK1QD#[IT7`(0GSYU.69K3=O.2OF3!P'28PIF8H$!2$H33



M!1VU
J&8D5`Y-$CV
S!2M'FP9.-\I_&&V7KL;#DH
M@@XP@?:KN*1L0P91V=B<%DF`&E3&R4T@:EN2MG'G68/`9XG


M


W&KM;/
S


M21&Z6`^I3_MUMO:E%'4`2BE)1IP9X1&M9GJIBJC[K;%&+ZM_(.`NS+S0EX


;

MJ(?]

MN(QHXGQO
67MU_$X&X:



M

@Q'4A2L=GSC$/7DE?1VOY#G$4!D]0IS!;XD:*BE=

3?/62ET*5[CQ
:BW'+`UJXU9H
M02@;E\4HL]`@#-[QK()=BMJX%:Q`#[Z4%_*-







C3.4M.:+B,M3^(N&G+R
MJ$M$.C1)Q]9*NQN8=Z4;KXL,@Q_7Y7HH'<5U;&C(M&4F6,`;&X8!++);+][Z
M8<SN"I@%ZU7+20TZS.(O'?Z/`DI!MV3?(2`C3'8FM=E%+/=C:=MN&L<;8_
M.%X$V\$B8FP=PMCQ%[O[

M!
6QV2]&355[QD\T)JSOL_.(NW2BY.VTC*2)V(HWD


M?IR2F\7#`_OO]69Q\Q?R/U?_:RUUJC_Q$AK%]+ZCC+\#^73\A.QG+Z+$S2GQ
MMD3@?CDQ!BA!G#52JB]+W30P0O)&W!-6B

O



B3.%!28



M%_+$F2DET;N
'8O%?`
J1J/D;P@%G:$\T)*2*T6$5M=4]RWC(5IY6\KXH1#U
M:T



ME7KNCM


M'7(0HUJ\3'?F5N-J;
#U&6ZXC9)7[JL2R^ANE/
CA`86N^S[WQBDD3R(
E`Y




$J\

M5




43.




M8N^83RU?S-\%U%-GA:DVMT&@G;*+3`$Z'WCX3J.M%SOL\[_A_Y4,9N.84Q
MP)!=*UD!X8FFL-



MKP]+
AA5M?
IA&8V4.V?@[W%+JQG=
IKP\.5H[/EWLX'I7:Q5F
M\**%ENZS%O])P*@7DE


25T@


$^F!A?3[?OG\/6/
M+O6$K;%_J9H8^]-_37D(?WE\\KWMG1\ZU;-`\S.=34A*$F
R8E`B1B5\V+&8
MB%3FS0T]-RO:35'2O*+YG!

MHFXZ.I/2LQ6=/IQIYN0IB-)N2[*7;%B4!E


&#X'WC^HF_5*#N/&FVS+
M@]C1`EQ9'EB.O*I63:,?6&Q2A')NNHNNFZI-DAX`FIV/SU$D')S$14)X![



MEE56:

MW5P58R&P9UEF
P!:`9B



M

M_\$*NZ;CL]HBA]N0T]*K6:9I=D3*

M48IFV!RBC*27PA_2X7^T:?96A-!HZVTNR9E\)G)M-/A(=
D5#]YW[Q2(1+ONR/`K-C5)0N@\G1&'C%\
MYIY/`,#Z]N)M7XB7`!N)XP7C\KCKST];?P6=E3#<APR(+W8`1QFO0[]:J]'V
M%/JCU4(6Y9@*!8(T8%-S@?0(F]U'Y?JV4;<L@D^+:W^R=P*THFSON6(IT&
MK*(RE0HQP@))DM/,BL&('\(^R,C:#XA:EM6P[TU+E/2D@4-5`P6F&[A3^)*




/1K+FX8W
M/(AOG--*'.\=R6&C1LND9PK&OX1`SY/X?]M^N@UNM'83P#?I.WV^A(76VS

HO!B^9#_N?J?VTN`2O\LW-K3-M60H
08UL#2B743A9Z!C6D




([-A%'X/@*X\30P@9''8BPJ

MQ\U+%!Z?7QZ8M^?X`]-X4;P^
AST(BCI9_R0;XPA4N(9PUQ.=2MH@X



MW=-D;.84B+D]/V8Q2E



Z8$WP%%


K7U




YPC1Y&7.

`*4JWE014UN*/+HK)+
M3B_KZVS`4A8G?H%3)OL_2




MJHUN)=H

MX

MVH4NRSSND[2!#DL]*4Q-%Q'BSMO-9$-O0DA%//J)TUQRJWH#%_K68P=U9DA)

M2(L

I3%G`_&\GB*\?A<'%'QV<9+0+783(EBAXR
MX1LZ/%!WZD0!.-#9U?6X/_H.^SC=TIVW]=I\;QHO6D@)UV4.A?US&I6DPX[-

(_CNS5MQ7[CR;7A^QQG
]#@Q&4
MLT.


V

B32IR`.!G-D\D*

'`]L*`Q-;_



_-U:O
JI74478.4YO6



^..L]8U
QI*\D^$C;L)/?D26:Q
M(&$WY\Z2&/J).^;BGM)1Z*2IJ0<I84A_([U[KN<JC@-K8]/\3;RGJC+4^\F

M);.R9AX#DIK0OS%TOF

MPT5*EE$(L=JW)5



-



M&6)DW4-O^C8N3F_.)LI*




M0R7V914WN7V%`7T'Z'HOO-H&D&G(


::3C3)9D$X
M52+($DZ7%`G_VY@


M'))T*\B!Y>TR@J/:YXW5(P&/UIUQ+DS#&Z




7Q_G0D[\-^E/:&&'
/#HRMT(6]4V&A/0Y=

]

OB


MW0D*0(^`+
PQ(

M]@+PH7F'
WT;7S%IQB:JE+)`BIR^(]RF@30!VJ1`?#1NBX[*JI5C=IG4X2QV
M3A/@:AF%@#/I7K\]QM2=!2D22?`\83O

M@CY&*2UR(F;SC-N/B-*B4BMRGF-EFNNJNCB[&J^MAJO789#'_]6-5LM/6VRP
MVL@&KHJUW%CUB1'(4SMZZJ?:60AE^:%

;\*X#MRYQW[KE[:67


8:PMI4(X&0)T
@0(

MNTS:[4G:%+62N/P#4%B6HUI5)DHLU^Z9FNW`)[)BW&[I``SM^4HP7GJ\H/

1L=
M'121-?5FH2]SF0:)E[S=
`8BQY\%+OW^%_K68O-SZ$,14H:E17/!R;IR(0/
M3=C88[(0J?!%\Y`HOBC//?LW]K?L3^P?3TY,V5_^/U!+`P04`````-;7E
M)864@((N``#D#`

C`Q
C$R

MW__S/_[VMZ+P+]\PW*OP]6U5_.K5_]R.Y^$*K(.7

%9D(3;BAC^@HN?C]
P
\8KC<QJ'ZV0F!!/@@V\&75..7COY3;?K738X
`)L6*





/J5Q3D!$9:?A$W)8SDHFCI3E


G-W++@4KW4\U+NIEK69C3VD.'V=SN4L=IOE=#
.;.`T.8Y'L
M
1JM4U@BI.7ZLSIH@$G\$71+L%(-^)QB5.7.D+T3/BO8*B


1]W
K/'7Z22CV3I-3KZIS)


M*W56N









MYT$

M=SSW2_6=_TG6G_8=FP



UPJQBA:$E/X9I
MKT'M)F&Z!N



:?8%QGG'/SLEJ

2W!T5$Q

QU$YZ^@X

-`-!YY-S[)5[)T#9/=QD!C;!`Y7?6]`7
MB5G+MKR2\1RH*YX34X3_$T-)LL-I58&TI7&H]S5MTK*R9`K3W229%WI%A6
MPWC
I2IS4-=XEKLZ-H[9^0I9L$NK&(^[7&D.\!H=[

M@AQH-;J\
\(M(Y:W]ROCX=LIP0&LQZV'W6'3&Z)5^;Y/3F3=WN
C?@

M.F*/5[6=
(/WY8





WN5
MBZIZ;/2!:=@HUWWBW#4$TK@#1`0&!`(
AJ#\VTVJM7U&U``:(%F4NXSHMR


$&$T*]
0['!&+@EB,
M*89<]TBAXA/C\A@8XUX8/1;:<MS5-MG;97)/*SWQ+@\@L6XF
6QS`-B5!#S

M0Q)-`'M*#WFPU:;.--9Q*$[4D

MQD&2.4E$
@CONG^O:.;H

M`+I.$4J_TLRE?H899\*#2P8C`OBUP?P_CUVE4GM
ML(;5UE!8ES<OB[M]CQYE89#<!^+7^7)47@

;&*RDS#30S&


'_ZW+BA`=7:2B/Y%^_(]Z=5TW[_(X':X


M:$VM2)\O#BKW-M;KV*6!N)/;Y;XP3=07((GMC[_@--A00NY.%;6N
*-+$;
MT6ZWYYI$CZY6




/';_
M5A4=+
L$_D6&2Q3!\D/':;P@P
7.VV$
O4T+MO:%QDC)'K[J]:F
J3
C/_@P
M\MV!
^[LX8R#KQCSC

MEF^']+#UHX]%YN









8$9



Q=&WI';4LW-#CE^[M+E=U



M)X5&V-@^+8S=P6@R'SGO9Z.1GMWTHQ;[B'0?RJ`IVGS0KCFS2NJ*_`-0Y!@
MXP1*&\+BJ+?W+)]AL`E6#[&P?F*VC[VW`EQ6$:^\S\Z3L35&^MAQ-4_KVD[



M


M[JXJ+HF\XO80Q==8EH^_E^TPVG\*)+?GIXJDQZK!


LB60WTXC2%X6I
M=YK4[]V!.4RI2

ME5KPP\GX)\7)]JFDGC'ELS.;.1-?FRTC:+OG)$$'TNA/%%1]0#%-T%'QWNT0





$
PCP
F,0
M8$#O9+GK#4KOR_2L(FX$%:P@1Z2P/6_FB1B25+*)9GBG1];<L(P7^?%0PQ#
M0&`*80E2$CGK%&7PK^*_K.T#M8I&L]`$@


MOV
@-U
:536%):&YJ`9GZ%AFN^^.M@#!?@



MQ'5;1I#AC%G

M8CDTW:AG?T1TIUY2H^_UPHX%7!'WRY+]O)=LC'

MJ[=*-5



MRQ%XC])\
TZ#A+E*

IZ@%+)WO6;A)B`JI*V$.






M-J`_*\3R5Q!%OY
\.(/I?E@?8OUF]!:^0]D_1N?HG8=:2I5\=_7C

MD8)JK\L9`@3O`VK%C6%P!V.8L5Z.%Q8W!6'NPB-6MOM+8W&*B?]=G%'E93\[
M+F

`/1IS0F8%#^F.FRF
6


MA6TJF*:
/XI?%;BVC9OHV[VRP\UMR\S%Y7W6+F_MIF9[@\CE_D$?'N8KAD



8$XGHUUONKHM9B?6H2U.25
@%O69Q_-7/&T[Q_DS@
L5

(9-LO+
MZ8R)5^V7QD-65Z1SYW[T;0
1#[/MKRQ`K%*B\YWLVH0R2B)O

M@B6G!$N48R46NNH\77N-E+0*E%@(O@H&ES#)

M(/32R6?ZMK_MB-!TR?`ED&/$.F9L(*?6YZIN6


V




*)Y.!/
?`U3H9(I:'.7/A7%SY&

M@B(GB:H`*8.&)K6-YZ
1%)W'(1M(XZ?3'(6K``-&N=-8$S?]EB5@'B&[+]Z
M1'4R)]G;N^BP`QQ_Z]GT`;



M^;S;+G0'(C_U5\`)_\PAAKPLP&V;

MQC
A4;=SY__8!2$2^43B%;%FB?WZ
8%9F1R-@7V#RL83T02(
Z4;KOJ$LR2+



@U


35LP

9DC2OK;@G&KS9S



6-YD*NK.2T5*?.ST/`;/R]'T2T52@9$$20CUG2YH\HFS.3%-



#VJ`



GE

N:;:@J5C*=$1?'.
MXVQN$L9Y1)@?!'C%/Z_


C`Q
C$R
S$N

M.



IB1F!E#\4R*JHXGOB^'[AAL@-0S(]D'.`U@R\G?HFS8R


2

M@%&%.=@F36)4@MW.\-_I%X1HJ!I*X3GUC1^[:

)

L27RJ[^8`Q3N!
M5=T$5



MDNS3S@;9LV6/UPT)=4517.$RO

2$$3#P4H=BC1T
*2T`\!YIT.KLK2




LZF)U
MM
E*61(MHL[&GS1E(6LUV1RLAKR]Z34C7B?%03:D!
L@FX)L/#




R88-N$+H)I=$[][6=C2]Z5YZ@2(QQAR\*AFM.D6!A
MQGV*NJY7I,(0O*561VINWTAFG+0D@U9)SLB:VE:.1*I2)`H=8\'WE^@+3



UFQ
N@-K.
0%':%P

M!62^WW





53=LYE__4-=CS[42Z0@RQT/0BB63EH$Y!D\SVR4H::KXTK`M


MC7O;P3NA


9WW#?6A4*V82:$\I2)V




W9S4%C`@=]O8S'=-XM
3
QXYL45[8H!VI@JB6

T2L3ZY%O3)







G]'


GQ4T/1__



M/;D:B40D;38^Q/MPG8B?BN5Y@K-J_.M



10:0?(/L+EIGZNO68+TZ


.;1%R.;2M'5'/Z7NKXE'Y\^2\6P'\DKQ@ZO


MALQ\I:^E9CP`[S






#5




M($+QNSA+0G`64

M3J#A#\2@OC4DM..%X'NW1GD-\J*OK5]*\[AX7,NAJ&70U(LVQEH@=9;KKD


WY*UN94U9:.%N1VO^84VI!?B,B+*PX$9G3CLD709V
MY%^TA1O;)?5$U379%!B%2LM.JVPD



M;Y@4WO2'PAOF&-[T9PROF&-XU:
QO&*.X56/QO&N99ONE[+UK()W($3!
:&_PD<4^P'O7\MB0'7U]UZ2/W$,A.RU#2UL
MSZ4'D*1\;ER2G+R3'@579-[-EF#=5F*B/A[=^`Z1C@\=*H?B(3GICC\LZ1G
ML/U[

E78GK

'I1/OE6VXY'4V%S



M72:SBM%8F]]Z
'BGUB7T=^3B)BY'CCY#1#QOP1+ZI2`CD9:]M&?P4=T)+3SR


MN$J:E$YGW2CG73D

M
;8X/O6
M
LSM23UT%'O4/

.8I`.F'Y%

`_DES%



*^C#
M
QSDSCYR)@TWNAEA_20&







M:#I?

#$R
3(S
2YX
M;6Q55`4``_F


C`Q
C$R
S%?9&5F



 'defref_fil_PROPERTYANDEQUIPMENTASFOLLOWSAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ChristopherMaggioreShareholderSubscribedToTheAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_OneShareOfCommonStockParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsToPurchaseOneTenthAtAPerUnitPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SharesOfCommonAggregatePurchasePrice2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RobertMcLainASignificantShareholderSubscribedToTheAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AcquisitionForOneShareOfCommonStockParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PurchaseWarrantsOneTenthAtAPerUnitPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SharesOfCommonForAnAggregatePurchasePriceOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedEleven11Three3YearConvertibleNotesAggregating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedConvertibleNotesAggregatingPrincipalAndADebtDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NotesAreDueAtVariousDatesFromFebruary2014ThroughAugust2014AndAreConvertiblePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NonCashFinanceChargesConnectionWithConvertibleNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyRecordedNonCashFinanceChargesConnectionWithConvertibleNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_Convertible1DebenturesInTheAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_Convertible1DebenturesThatWereDueToMatureInTheThirdQuarter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AmortizationOfTheDebtDiscountOnAllConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedPatentsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PatentApplicationsPendingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ReceivedAPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ClassifiedTheRemainingDeferredRevenueNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_OutstandingBeginningOfYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_Issued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_Exercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_Expired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_OutstandingEndOfPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_BASISOFPRESENTATIONAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W,C,W
M,#DY.#9D-64B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
M
C
W







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M+U-H965T
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@


M971S+U-H965T



M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1$530U))
M4%1)3TY?3T9?0E5324Y%4U



M
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


&-E;%=O


M($A2968]
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS



24=!5$E/3E]43U])
M4U-515]#3TU-3TY?4U1//]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^4U1/0TM(3TQ$15)37T1%1DE#245.0UD\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@

M



O4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7









O4VAE970R
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\

\+W@Z3F%M93X-




M/'@Z3F%M93Y04D]015)465]!3D1?15%525!-14Y47T%37T9/3$P\+W@Z3F%M

M24Y404Y'24)
15]!4U-%5%
Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1/0TM(3TQ$

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-




O4VAE970S
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O

O4VAE970S
#I.86UE/DQO<W-?
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$

O4VAE970S







O4VAE970S



#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H
M965T
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z




M/'@Z3F%M93Y

M965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

M+U-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@




T0B5V]R
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O

O4VAE970T-RYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS


#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F

O4VAE970U
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7


O4VAE970U
M




O4VAE
M970U








3X-B`@(#QP/E1H
M:7


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
6-A-#-E-U]D
M9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W




M:78]

]
M


M;V-U;65N=!A;F0@16YT:71Y($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(A54T0@)D\8G(^/]S

M1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`P
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO


]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@3F%M

]



]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N
M9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L
M#0H)3(P






]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-E;G1R86P@26YD97@@2V5Y/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XP
#`Q
3`Q
#(V/'-P86X^




M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XM+3$R+3


]
T1T97AT



]
T1T97AT/E-M86QL97(@4F5P;W)T:6YG($-O;7!A





]







]


C`Q


]


]


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

S8T+#$U






]


M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



T1T;W`^1&5F97)R



]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#0Q





M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4%)/4$525%D@04Y$($5154E0345.5P@3D54/]T9#X-

]
T1R





]
T1N=6UP/C8L
C
T/'-P

M


M
C

M1&YU;7`^


]
T1N=6UP/C$S

]
T1R974^

M4U-%5%

#0\

M-C


251)15

]

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#
V


T1T;W`^3&]A;G


L

M;7`^

]





W/'-P


M.#



]
T1N=6UP/C




2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
M

]
T1N=6UP/C@T+#(R

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!,:6%B:6QI='D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C$L




]
T1N=6UP/CDV+#


]



]



\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S@X
M+#

]






3`V(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q

L.3`X/'-P86X^

Y
M

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(S-2PP

S4L

]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]





]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
M


T1T;W`^0T]-34E4345.5%
@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)
M15

]
T1T97AT

]
T1P




#`L
#`P+#`P

S$L(#(P
3$@86YD
M(#(P


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@1&5F:6-I=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




]
T1N=6T^*#(L
#





;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W
#DY.#9D



]



04Y#12!32$5%




T1T;W`^1&ES8V]U;G0@;VX@0V]N


]
T1R;SX-

M






T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%-H


#`L
#`P+#`P

#`L





MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

S%C830S93=?9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?-S(S-S`Y.3@V9#5E
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q8V$T
V4W7V1F
#A?


#0N:'1M










M/3-$
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$Q






]
M




]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P



3`S+#@Y


]




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@







]
M
T1N=6UP/C8P
RPQ





#DL


]



]




3U-3($923TT@3U!%4D%4

]
T1N=6T^
M*#$L.3
X+#


]


]


]












]


]

S





]
T1N=6T^*#$L
38W+#@Q

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W.3
L




]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^5T5)1TA4140@059%4D%'12!05-)0R!!3D0@1$E

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P




'0O:'1M



]



]
T1T:#Y#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@06UO=6YT
M/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^


M/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^


M9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R

BPW
#4L

C4L-#@U+#@Q




]





]

]
T1N








M1&YU;7`^


]




RPS






M

]


\

M


M;7`^

]



]


]

BPV
#`L
M

M;7`^
BPV







]




@;VX@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@

]
T1N=6UP/C$S
M






T1T;W`^4F]U

]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]
T1N=6UP/C`\


2PV


BPW



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96
N(#

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
M







]









3`L



]







]




]
T1N=6UP/C
U+#`P



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
S
BPP



]
T1N=6UP/C(Y
RPR


M;7`^
CDS+#(X


]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC
M92!A=!$96
N(#


]
T1N=6UP/C$P-2PS






M4&%R=%\S
6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W










]


]

]

]


M



]



T1T;W`^4W1O



S`L.#8R


]

\

M-3



]
T1N=6UP/C0S+#DX

]





M:6]N(&]F(&EN=&%N9VEB;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



RPX-#

2PT
S





]
T1N=6T^*#4P-BPW



]

M1&YU;3XH
3(U+#4P




@:6X@87-S


]



\+W1D



M(&EN('!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97


]

]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-2PP
#`I




T1T


3DU+#




2PW-S
L






]
T1P



]

M=&EV:71I97


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#(V


]
M




]

]



]

M;7`^-S
R+#`P















]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@



2PU.3@L


2PU
#@L.3


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q


]




T1T
M;W`^0V%S:!A=!%;F0@;V8@4&5R:6]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




]



]












S(L








]
T1N=6UP/C4R+#`P

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C4P


]

S
L
S

M:7-F86-T:6]N(&]F(&%N(&]B;&EG871I;VX@=&\@:7-S=64@8V]M;6]N('-T

]
T1N=6UP/C4P
M+#`P

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Y-BPP





C`L
#`P/'-P86X^



]






T1T;W`^4F5C

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



]

M5$%414U%3E0@3T8@0T%32!&3$]74R!005)%3E1(151)0T%,4R`H55-$(0I

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]

]

S
L
S



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S$W+#


]

@;V8@8V]M;6]N

C
S
M+#`P






]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



Q8V$T
V4W7V1F





]

M:60]



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


\+W-T


T1T;W`^1$530U))
M4%1)3TX@3T8@0E5324Y%4U



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@
M

N(&%N



@

M92!#;VUP86YY)W
@9F]C=7
@:7


@86YD(&ES(&YO


M:6-A;'


Q8V$T
V4W7V1F





]

M:60]




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1T97AT/CPA


M5$4@
B`F(S$U
#L@0D%325
@3T8@4%)%4T5.5$%424].(#PO8CX\+W`^(#QP


'!T


2P@
M
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

M($-O;7!A;GD@:&%D(&$@=V]R:VEN9R!C87!I=&%L(&1E9FEC:65N8WD@;V8@
M)#
L


F(S$T-CL@9&5F:6-I96YC

RPY-38L
3DQ(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#


M(&]R('1H870@9G5N9'










M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@




@871T96UP=&EN9R!T
2!R86ES:6YG(&%D
M9&ET:6]N86P@9G5N9'



T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SXF

M24XZ

M24XZ

T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@


M

'!T)SX\9F]N
M=#XF(S$X

@

BPP


Q.#

&EN(#!I;B`P

C4X+#4Y
B!I

S%C830S93=?9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?
M-S(S-S`Y.3@V9#5E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
M8V$T
V4W7V1F


M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE





S$L
M(#(P



M/E-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4SPO

M='
@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='
@;V8@2&5A;'1H($5N:&%N8V5M96YT
M(%!R;V1U8W1S+!);F,N(&%N9!I='
@=VAO;&QY+6]W;F5D(%-U8G-I9&EA











M:6=I;F%L(&UA='5R:71I97

N(%1H

@86YD(&%R92!I


@:6X@

@:6YS

M;'D@;&EQ=6ED(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S('=I=&@@86X@;W)I9VEN86P@;6%T=7)I

@=VAE;B!P=7)C:&%S960N($%T
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#




M8CX\8CX@)B









M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@



@




M;&5D9V5A8FQE+`H:6EI*29N8G-P.V%B;&4@=&\@=')A;G-A8W0L(&%N9`H

M='EL93TS1$)!0TM'4D]53D0Z=VAI=&4^3&5V96P@
2`F(S$U
#L\+V9O;G0^




T0G
M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M6%0M24Y$14Y4.C`N-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ


979E;`R(8C
34P.R`\+V9O;G0^




M86YT:6%L;'D@=&AE(&9U;&P@=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@87-S971S(&]R(&QI86)I

&EN

M;CL@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^(#QP('-T

'!T


T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@


&EN(#!I


M='
@:6YC;'5D92!C87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S+!A8V-O=6YT




@=V5R92!D971E

N









M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@





@




M





@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$@;F\@


T0G34%21TE.
M.C!I;B`P:6X@

M14Y4.C`N-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ


M05)'24XZ

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@





2P@)B


M
30X.R`H)B


@8W)I=&5R:6$@;75S=!B92!M970@
M8F5F;W)E(')E=F5N=64@8V%N(&)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960Z(@Q*2!P97)S=6%S


I('1H92!S96QL:6YG('!R:6-E(&ES



M861J=7-T;65N='







2P@
C`Q

2P@
C`Q


M

M.R!-05)'24XZ

&EN

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!N;R!S:&EP



@=6YD97(@='=O(&UA:6X@

&EN(#!P

M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SX\9F]N=#XF(S$X


M97





@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P



M/CQF;VYT/B8C

M14Y4.BTQ+C5P=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

L(&-H87)G97
L(&%N


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3CHP:6X@

'!T)SY4:&4@












@
M870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P






M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SX\8CX\=3Y3=&]C:R!87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I

&EN

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@


M($%30R`W
3@L(#QI/D-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B`F(S$U


@;V8@1D%3
M0B!!4T



@96UP




T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SXF;F)S

M




L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO




T0P(&-E

#X@/'1R/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q-C

T0G

M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
#


M4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG/CPO=&0^(#QT

M0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+

&EN.R!7
M24142#HQ
2XR-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC

M33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)

R!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E

M4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@



M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

&EN

M


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED
M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M1$E.1RU

C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP
M:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[


'!T)R!A;&EG


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED
M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



M24Y'+4Q%1E0Z

&EN


M1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

&EN.R!724142#HQ
C(N
M
C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@




M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R

&EN.R!724142#HW-RXR-7!T.R!0

3(U+C$Q)3PO

T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]2



M.C!I;B`P:6X@

XW-24@=&\@/]P/B`\


M

R!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/

T0G34%21TE..C!I
M;B`P:6X@

M9'1H/3-$


&EN)R!V
M86QI9VX]

M.R!-05)'24XZ

&EN

M3U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M:6X@


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-SDN-7!T.R!0

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M:6X[(%=)1%1(.C$R
BXR-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52

M
T0Q
#


M($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG


T1C96YT97(^

M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E
M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52



M;B`P:6X@


T0Q-C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/

M1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M4D=)3CHP:6X@

M('=I9'1H/3-$


&EN
M)R!V86QI9VX]

M=&5R.R!-05)'24XZ

M=&\@+C

T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)


M3U)$15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]




24=..F-E;G1E


C4E('1O
M(#
N

M)TU!4D=)3CHP:6X@


[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@



M=6ER92!T:&4@:6YP=70@;V8@:&EG:&QY('-U8FIE8W1I=F4@87-S=6UP=&EO
M;G


30V.W
@96UP;&]Y964@=V%R






30V.W




T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
M

M.R!-05)'24XZ






@86YD(#$V+#
V-2PR
#D@8V]M


Q+`R
M,#$Q+!C;VYS:7-T960@;V8@
3`L




@=V5R92`D

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
M
C`Q

T0G34%21TE..C!I
M;B`P:6X@

M.C`N-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ



@;V8@


@



C4P
M+#`P

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3CHP:6X@

'!T)SY#97)T



M




@9F]R






M('1H86X@;F]T('1H870@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@86X@:6YD969I;FET




34L(#(P
3(L

C`Q
BTP
B!I




\+VD^)B
Q-#@[





@

M+E



3$M
3$@:7
@;F]T

M(&]P97)A=&EO;G

T0G4$%'12U4D5!2RU149/
M4D4Z86QW87ES.R!-05)'24XZ


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@
&EN(#!P

30W.T%352`R
M
#$Q+3`X)B


U



M:6YG('5N:70@:7

@


@=&AA;B!I='


@:6X@05-5(#(P
M
3$M


M86YC97



@;V8@979E;G1S(&%N



C`Q



@5&]P:6
@
S4P+B!!4U4@
C`Q
M



C`Q
2X@5&AE(&%D
M;W!T:6]N(&]F($%352`R

30V.W



M)TU!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M15A4+4E.1$5.5#HP+C5I;CL@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SY);B!-87D@
M
C`Q

M9&%T92`R
#$Q+3`T(@F(S$T-SM!4U4@,C`Q,2TP-8C
30X.RDL('=H:6-H
M('5P9&%T960@=&AE(&=U:61A;F-E(&EN($%30R!4;W!I8R`X
C`L(#QI/D9A

M4U4@
C`Q




M9V5D+B!!4U4@
C`Q






C`Q


34L(#(P
3$N
M(%1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!!4U4@
C`Q



M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@






6-A-#-E
M-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W

M;G1E;G0]


M




S$L(#(P
M




2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!C



&EN

M3U`Z
&EN)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R

M1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!


M96YT.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HX
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))
M1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C
M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z,&EN)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R,!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E

M/3-$


M3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)SX\+W1D/CPO


M3TTZ

M1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M3CHP:6X@

M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2

&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0

M24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HX
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@

S$L(#(P

M3U)$15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]




M4BU3U143TTZ8FQA8VL@,7!T('-O;&ED.R!3U)$15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P

M4DE'2%0Z


M.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HQ.#0N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))



&EN)R!V86QI
M9VX]


M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


1494

M:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
3@T
M+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@




T0R
M


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52


24=..G)I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ
&EN

M
T0Q


M4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS


M($)/4D1%4BU


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Q+#8Q


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^(#QP




M
&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z.#%P=#L@4$%$1$E.
M1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4


24=..G)I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ
&EN(#!I;B`P


M
T0R


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P
M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]2




T0Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$

T0G5$58


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
3@T+C5P
M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]2



M:&]L9!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M8VL@

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C$U,2PX-3D\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

7!T

M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T
M.PS-3D\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(T-B!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y

M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A



M9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E

M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P
M:6X@

M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R86YS

&EN.R!724142#HX
7!T.R!0041$24Y'


T0G0D]21$52+4)/

&EN

M/3-$


M4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SXF;F)S


M24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HX
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@

T1R
M:6=H=#XS
38L

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E

M5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!1$1)


'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C
Q
BPX-34\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(T
M-B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494


M:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



3`X('-T

M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]



M.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@S
#
L

M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R

1494.C!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z


&EN(#!I

T0Q

M

1494

M33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$

T0G34%2
M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




M3TTZ

M1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M3CHP:6X@

M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2

&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0

M1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z.#%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%


M

M9'1H/3-$


&EN)R!V
M86QI9VX]

&EN(#!P


M.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XD/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P.!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K(#(N,C5P=!D;W5B;&4[($)/4D1%4BU


M0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+

&EN.R!7
M24142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E

T1R:6=H=#XD/]P/CPO=&0^
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P.!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K
M(#(N,C5P=!D;W5B;&4[($)/4D1%4BU





RPX-#
@86YD

2P@
C`Q
M
B!A;F0@
C`Q


Q8V$T
V4W7V1F
#A?-#9F.%]B







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@

]




M149)3DE412U


M04Y'24)
12!!4U-%5%



M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]


M($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG/CPO=&0^

M.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!

&EN
M.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC

M1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C$N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]2

M4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
30N
C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(
M5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y

M.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A



M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E



M

M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C$N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]2

M97([($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
30N
C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)

M24XZ

T0X
M
2!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@0D]2
M1$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ


M:6X@


M1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HR
30N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]2



M2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




M
&EN.R!724142#HV



M;&4]

M24=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@


M:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



1494.C!I;CL@5TE$
M5$@Z
C$T+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C




M4BU


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$
M5$@Z-C$N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E

T1R:6=H=#XQ-PU,#$\+W`^
M/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC

M15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'


T0G0D]21$52+4)/


T0G

M1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

&EN.R!724142#HR
30N




M15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M3TTZ8FQA8VL@


M.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33IB





1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
C$T
M+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@




T0R

M1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)

M+4%
24=..G)I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ


T0X
B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K(#(N


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C$N-7!T.R!0041$


M
T0Q.2!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU





#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!R97-P


Q8V$T
V4W7V1F





]
T1R97!O


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L



]

M24XZ

#L@3$]!3B!005E!0DQ%


M

T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@



Z(&]N
M($YO=F5M8F5R(#$L(#(P



@;V8@)#@X
M+#
X


@;V8@)#DP+#$U

M=&5R(&]F(#(P


T0G34%2
M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M3CHP:6X@



'!T)SY$

C`Q

M86YY(0U-RPP,#`N(9N8G-P.U1H:7
@;6]N97D@=V%S(')E;&%T960@=&\@





M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X
M.%\W,C,W,#DY.#9D-64-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M

M='




CX\



]


M15)424)
12!$14)4/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SX\8CY.





3$
L(&$@36EC:&EG86X@;&EM:71E


#`L








M87)I97
@:&%V92!G=6%R86YT965D('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M3D1%3E0Z

@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(@-2P@
C`Q

M;GD@)#8P

#`@:6X@8V%S:!A
M;F0@)#$P,PP




M
#`@:6X@)#(U





M:&%R97

96YD97(@
M:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!

M=&AE(&9U;&P@)#(L
#`P+#`P


M97)T:6)L92!I;G1O('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B



M(&$@




2!C;VYV97)T960@:6YT;R!C;VUM;VX@<W1O8VL@;75S=!B92!R97!A


@86QS;R!A9W)E960@=&\@



T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P
M:6X@

M-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ




M;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!A;B!A9W)E96UE;G0@;F]T('1O(&UA:V4@86YY(&-H

30V.W




T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@

#`L
#`P(&%G

M92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='D@;V8@
M)#4U




M960@;W1H97(@:6YC;VUE(&]F(0R-PT





M





#$R
M+!(15`@26YV97-T;65N=',@861V86YC960@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86X@861D
M:71I;VYA;`D
S(U+#`P

#`@;VX@)#4P




RD@=V%S(&-A;&-U;&%T



M86-K+5-C:&]L97
@;65T:&]D(&]F('9A;'5A=&EO;B!R96QY:6YG(&]N('1H

Z('9O;&%T:6QI='D@;V8@
30P+CDS
M)2TQ-#
N


M;B!W:71H('1H92`D-3`P+#`P

@96YD960@2G5N92`S
M




#$R+!(15`@26YV97-T;65N=',@861V
M86YC960@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86X@861D:71I;VYA;`D
3(P+#4Y
BX@)FYB

C4P+#`P
!M=7-T(&)E(')E86-H960N(9N8G-P
M.U5N=&EL('1H:7
@=&AR97-H;VQD(&ES(')E86-H960L('1H92!D:69F97)E


M;&4@)B




M.C!I;B`P:6X@



Q


@
M86=R965D('1O(&%D=F%N8V4@)#4P
PP,#`@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDL(&%S
M(&9O;&QO=W,Z(9N8G-P.R0S
S(L

C8L(#(P
3(L


M(&]F(0U,#`L,#`P(@F(S$T-SM.;W1E)B
Q-#@[*3L@*&EI:2D@*&$I(&$@




@86YD(AB*2!A;B!)4!S96-U



L(&EN8VQU9&EN




3$
@96YT

L
M($Q



S
BPP



;V%N





@=&\@

RPS
S




#`@:6YV97-T


M;F%T960@8F%S:7
@8GD@86QL('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

L





@
M=W)I='1E;B!N;W1I8V4L(&)U=!N;W0@8F5F;W)E($%U9W5S=`S
2P@
C`Q
M



DZ(AI*2!F:6YD97(F(S$T
M-CMS(&9E97


@;V8@8V]M

34L
M





M
T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@


M

3
T+#4P
M







@=V5R92!N



T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@


&EN

M
S`L(#(P

@:6X@=&AE(&%M




M:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'


M041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I

M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P

M4DE'2%0Z
&EN.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC
M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(P


M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q


M($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG/CPO=&0^

M5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!1$1)


T0G
M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@




M2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^(#QP



1494.C!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z.#1P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z


&EN(#!I

T0R


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU2
M24=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E


M=VED=&@]
T0Q


M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T



1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
C8X+C5P=#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52




T0R

M1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%


&EN

T0Q

M;&4]


M5$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
M.#1P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@



M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

2P@
M
C`Q


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED
M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




M
&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/

B!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[


M($)/4D1%4BU


M24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[

M

M='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#,U.!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E
M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




M


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+

&EN.R!7
M24142#HX-'!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E

T0S-3@@





T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/

M15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'

T0G34%21TE..C!I
M;B`P:6X@

M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R

&EN.R!724142#HX-'!T.R!0041$
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C
M93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ
&EN

M
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

&EN


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z.#1P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU2
M24=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E




M3TTZ

M1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]




30@


M0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+

&EN.R!7
M24142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E

T1R:6=H=#XD/]P/CPO=&0^
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M5$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!

&EN

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C
X-BPW.#8\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
C8X
M+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@




T0R

M1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!

M05)'24XZ

M
T0Q


M4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SXF;F)S

M5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!1$1)


M


M15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E

M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SXQ
24@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@


M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R86YS

&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'

B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M5$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R
PX,S,\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#,U.!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


1494

M33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



C`@


M24=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@



M1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HX-'!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52

M=&@]



M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

24@0V]N=F5R=&EB
M;&4@;F]T92!P87EA8FQE+!N970@;V8@=6YA;6]R=&EZ960@9&ES8V]U;G0@
M;V8@)#$W.PS.3



T0R


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU2
M24=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33IB;&%C:R`Q



M15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)


1494.C!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z.#1P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z


24=..G)I
M9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ




M4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.
M1RU3U143TTZ

M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M1$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/

&EN.R!72414
M2#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X


B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)


M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R

&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$

B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E
M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R86YS

&EN.R!724142#HR-C@N-7!T.R!0041$


M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R86YS

&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'

B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K
M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U14
M3TTZ

M1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]




M.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M:61T:#TS1#$Q
B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K(#%P=!S
M;VQI9#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ
&EN

M
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]



M
C8\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
C8X+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.
M1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4



M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R

1494.C!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z


&EN(#!I

T0Q

M

M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^(#QP('-T


M33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$

T0G34%2
M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@



T0R


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@4$%$1$E.
M1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4


24=..G)I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ
&EN(#!I;B`P

T0Q
3(@


M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@
M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4Y,RPY,#@\+W`^
M/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC

M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B0\
M+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[

M

'!T)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C0R
RPS.3
\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^



M
'!T)SY!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@=&AE(&1E8G0@9&ES8V]U;G0@;VX@86QL

30R+#0Q
B!F
M;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P






M07

L($Q
0RP@=&AE($-O


@;V8@



M=6UP=&EO;G



M



M(#$U


M9&5N9'
@;V8@




T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@
&EN

C`Q
BP@87







M97



M3CHP:6X@

M1$5.5#HP+C5I;CL@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@



M='D@;V8@

2XU-R!Y96%R(&-O


2PP
C8L
3(X




M8V]N=')A8W1U86P@;&EF92!O9B!T:&4@;F]T92P@86X@86YN=6%L(')A=&4@

S%C830S

O4VAE
M970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



2PU.34L
M

3$
L(&$@9F]R;65R(&-O;G-U;'1A;G0@*$%N9')E


T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@


&EN


CDL.#$T

M3CHP:6X@

M1$5.5#HP+C5I;CL@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@


2P@
C`Q

M;V8@)#



S%C830S93=?9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?-S(S-S`Y.3@V
M9#5E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q8V$T
V4W7V1F
M






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P




]


M

1$524R8C
30V.R!$149)





S$L(#(P
M

BPU
#`@=V%S(')E8V]R





P


@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%N9!R96-E:79E9`D-3`L
M



M;F1E9!*=6YE(#,P+`R
#$Q+!F;W(@=VAI8V@@82!D:7-C;W5N=!O9B`D
M-3(L

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K

S
M
RPS


M(&%T(0U,PP



P@,C`Q,2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#$L,3`P
M+#`P,!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%N9!R96-E:79E9`D
3
P
M+#`P

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('5P







@870@






@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T
M;V-K+!V86QU960@870@)#$P+#`P,P@=&\@82!C;VYS=6QT86YT+B`F;F)S


#`P('-H87)E



@9G)O;2!A('-I9VYI9FEC86YT





BP@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A


M('5N9&5R('=H:6-H('1H92!

PP,#`@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDL('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@
M8V5R=&%I;B!C;VYD:71I;VYS+`H:6DI(&$@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@4V5C=7)E







N

30V.W


#`L
#`P+!C;VYS:7-T:6YG(&]F(0U
#`L


#`P(&EN8W)E;65N='
@*&9I;F%L(&EN8W)E;65N=!O
M9B`D,34P+#`P,D@=7!O;B!R97%U97-T(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
Q-#8[








M='

BPP
#`L





3(@






@




M92!

M;V8@1&ER96-T;W(@;65E=&EN9W
@87

N



@82!M96UB97(@




#`@




M;F1E9!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q



S(L
#`P

L

M
T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.C`N-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ




M(#0P+#`P




M(S$U

I+B`\+W`^(#QP

M;B`P:6X@

M.C`N-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ


#DL





@;V8@:71S(&-O;6UO
M;B!S=&]C:R!A;F0@
3(L


34L







M97-T(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z(#$R+#4P

M;G0@9&%T92!W:71H('1H92!R96UA:6YD97(@=F5S=&EN9R!O;B!A('%U87)T

#$R+!A;F0@96%C:!S=6)S



3(L-34S(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!W


M

#L@4W1O8VL@


M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#@P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@;V8@:71S(&-O;6UO
M;B!S=&]C:R!A;F0@.PP




M(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!A;F0@-C`L
#`P(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!W87)R



#`@9G)O;2!A

S4P+#`P


T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SXF;F)S

M

M;VUP86YY)B



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ



M('=I9'1H/3-$


M96-E.60X.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z,&EN
M)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0W,!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M1RU43U`Z
&EN)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G0D]2


M15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]

M.C$R
BXR-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E

M
B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494

M4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS


T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P

M
B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494

M4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS


T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P

T0Q-C
@


M15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HU




1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-S@N-S5P=#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))



M:6X@



M
&EN.R!724142#HU


M3CIC96YT97([($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-S@N-S5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU2
M24=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E


'!T

M33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M3$5&5#HP:6X[(%=)1%1(.C$R
BXR-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@



M4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS





M
&EN.R!724142#HW.XW-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52
M+51/4#HC96-E.60X.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU4
M3U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M1TXZ8V5N=&5R.R!-05)'24XZ


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED
M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@




M1$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/

&EN.R!72414
M2#HW.XW-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E
M.60X.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V
M86QI9VX]

M.R!-05)'24XZ


T0Q-C

M;&4]

M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2

&EN.R!724142#HU



M:6X@

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M3CIC96YT97([($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@

T0W

M1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3(N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I

3`U




M1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z




M5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!1$1)

&EN



M+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!

M


1494
M.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z




M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0G0D]21$52+4)/


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-S@N-S5P=#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52



M;B`P:6X@

M/'1R/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q-C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC

M1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M3CHP:6X@

M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2

&EN.R!724142#HU




M3TTZ




M4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SXF;F)S


M24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HW.XW-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I
M;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M)TU!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M:6X[(%=)1%1(.C$R
BXR-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52



M4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T1C96YT97(^*#4X
RPS
S
I/]P/CPO=&0^
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P-2!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU



M24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HU

&EN


M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2

&EN.R!724142#HW.XW-7!T
M.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X.R!3U)$
M15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M

#D\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$V
R!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$

T0G34%2
M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]2




T0Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


T0G
M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@




T0Q

T0G0D]21$52


M
T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

R!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E
M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'

T0G34%21TE.
M.C!I;B`P:6X@


M15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]

M.C4R+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED



M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-S@N-S5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU2
M24=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E


'!T


M15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]

M.C4R+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED



M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

RPW-3@L-C8V

T0Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/

1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!


M3U)$15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]

M1%1(.C$R
BXR-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!

&EN
M.R!724142#HW.XW-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/
M4#HC96-E.60X.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
M
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M

M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R86YS

&EN.R!724142#HU



M9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

&EN


M=&@]
T0Q-C


&EN)R!V
M86QI9VX]

&EN(#!P

M:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5#HP:6X[(%=)1%1(.C4R+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%



'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

C`Y/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P-2!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K(#(N


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-S@N
M-S5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@



M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@


M+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!

M:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[


'!T)R!A;&EG

PT,3,L-#,P/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M-2!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K(#(N,C5P=!D;W5B;&4[
M($)/4D1%4BU


M4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.
M1RU3U143TTZ

M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED
M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3@N-7!T
M.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X.R!3U)$
M15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z,&EN)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0V.!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/
M4D1%4BU



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E

M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP

M5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


B!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y

M5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@




T0X-B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)

M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M1$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/

&EN.R!72414
M2#HU
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X


M4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.
M1RU3U143TTZ

M


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E

M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@





M1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!

M05)'24XZ

M


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3@N



M
&EN.R!724142#HU
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/
6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED
M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^(#QP

&EN(#!I;B`P

M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X-B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M

M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R86YS

&EN.R!724142#HU
7!T.R!0041$24Y'



M96YT97([($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@


M041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HU
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I



M3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
M

M24XZ

M3U143TTZ

&EN



M4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SXF;F)S

M5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!1$1)

M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!

M15A4+4%

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS



1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3%P=#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))



M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X

1494
M.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C!P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU4


24=.



M;&4]

M4BU



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E


M96YT.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HU
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))

1494

M:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5#HP:6X[(%=)1%1(.C8T+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%


M



1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3%P=#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))



M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]

1494
M.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3@N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52



M2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




M
&EN.R!724142#HV
'!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/

M
T0X-B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU

M3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
M



`\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D


M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A


M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M3U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]




M24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HU
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@

T1R
M:6=H=#XS-2PP

M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E

M2%0Z

'!T)R!A


XQ,#`\+W`^/]T9#X\


M+4Q%1E0Z

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$

T0G34%2
M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y

M2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

&EN

M1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

&EN.R!724142#HU
7!T



&EN)R!V
M86QI9VX]

M($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P
M.R9N8G-P.S`N

T0X
M-B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494

M15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]



M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]

1494
M.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3@N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52

T1R:6=H=#XQ

M3U143TTZ

M1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]



M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P

M4DE'2%0Z

'!T


XQ,C4\+W`^/]T


M24Y'+4Q%1E0Z


T0G
M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!


M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2


M4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I
M;B`P:6X@,'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$N,3@\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('=I


M($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG


M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU









&EN
M)R!V86QI9VX]

M:'0[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@


M+4Q%1E0Z

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$

T0G5$58

T0G0D]2


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C8P,PP

M.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A



M




M041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z


M
T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[


#`P/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS




M.C!I;B`P:6X@

M3U)$15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]



M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L

#PO

T0X

M1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C!P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%


M24=..G)I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ


M3U)$15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]

M1%1(.C8T+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C


&EN(#!I;B`P


XU,#`@/]P/CPO

M8VL@

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C0P,PP


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3@N-7!T.R!0

T1R:6=H=#XP+C0X/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/

1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)





T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E

M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M3U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M:6X@

M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R

&EN.R!724142#HU
7!T.R!0041$
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C
M93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ
&EN

M
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C0N



M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^(#QP

&EN(#!P

BXR-7!T(&1O

M

M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/


T0G0D]21$52+4)/

M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T
M)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$V+#,Q-2PR,#D\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H



M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V
M9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M4D5,051%1!005)462!44D%.4T%#5$E/3E


M24XZ

T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@






RPQ

2P@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@:7-S=65D(#8U



@;V8@8V]M;6]N

PQ-3@N(9N8G-P.T%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#


T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M;F5D('1H92!#;VUP86YY(0Q-2PP,#`@=VAI8V@@=V%S('-T:6QL(&]U='-T
M86YD:6YG(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

M
T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M)TU!4D=)3CHP:6X@

T0G34%21TE..C!I
M;B`P:6X@

M.C`N-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ


M


2\Q
M

#`@


M
#`N(9N8G-P.T%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R


T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@





C`L

M56YI='




C4@9F]R(&%N(&%G

34L

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.C`N-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ



M
3`I(&]F(&]N92!S:&%R92!O9B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@*&]R(#@L
#`P('=A

PP,#`N/]P



T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SX\8CX\=3Y
:6-E;G-E

M


@2&5A;'1H('5N9&5R('1H



34P.R!
:6-E;G-E


T0G
M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

@






@86YD(#(P

R!Y96%R

M=&4@
3`@)B

30V.R!$969I8VEE;F-Y*2X\



M:6X@

S$L(#(P
M


M
S`P+#`P






M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X
M.%\W,C,W,#DY.#9D-64-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M

M='
O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


M0T5.4T4@04=2145-14Y4/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SX\


@4')O
M06QG85IY;64@)B

@2&5A;'1H+!,3$,@*8C

30X.RDN

@


@86YD(&9O



C`Q
BP@=V4@;F]T:69I960@=&AE('-O;&4@:VYO=VX@









M.2P@
C`Q




M:7


#`@87
@1&5F97)R960@4F5V96YU92P@;F]N8W5R


S%C830S93=?9&8P

O4VAE970R







CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R







S%C830S93=?9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?
M-S(S-S`Y.3@V9#5E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
M8V$T
V4W7V1F


M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



]







M

T0G34%21TE..C!I
M;B`P:6X@

M.C`N-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ


3$L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A;B!E;7!L;WEM


M;7


F(S$T-CL@;F]T:6-E('!R:6]R('1O('1H92!E

M;&5D('1O(&UO;G1H;'D@8F]N=7

M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

@



M;F5S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

#`L
#`P('-H87)E

M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

M
#`L



M;W(@
2PP
#`L






@9F]R(#$L
#`P+#`P

@*'=H97)E('1H92!P87)T;F5R('!R;W9I




M

T0G34%21TE..C!I
M;B`P:6X@
'!T)SX\8CX\=3Y7;W)K97)S)B
Q-#8[($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;CPO



30V.R!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@:6YS=7)A;F-E+!W:&EC:!C;W9E


S%C830S93=?9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?
M-S(S-S`Y.3@V9#5E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
M8V$T
V4W7V1F


M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE




]








T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@





!S:&%R97,@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K
M(&%T(&%N(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&]F(0N



BPU


3`L




M:6X@
'!T)SY/;B!-87)C:`Q.P@
C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=V%S(&%D
M=FES960@;V8@86X@86=R965M96YT(&)E='=E96X@2$50($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S




#`P(@D,34L,#`P(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#,Q+`R

#$S*2!H879E(&)E96X@



M96UB97(@
BP@
C`Q






S%C
M830S93=?9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?-S(S-S`Y.3@V9#5E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q8V$T
V4W7V1F

M

C




^+RH@1&\@


$5.




M97

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]




@

M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='
@;V8@2&5A
M;'1H($5N:&%N8V5M96YT(%!R;V1U8W1S+!);F,N(&%N9!I='
@=VAO;&QY




M-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ


2!A8V-E<'1E9!A
M8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97,@:6X@=&AE(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97
@;V8@




M870@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&%N9!R

@

M9V5M96YT('5S97






]





C4P+#`P










M='




&EN(#!P

M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@



M=7





M1=415A4+4E.1$5.5#HP+C5I;CL@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1$)!0TM'4D]53D0Z=VAI=&4^3&5V96P@
2`F(S$U
#L\+V9O



@9F]R(&ED96YT:6-A

M
T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.C`N-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ


979E;`R(8C
34P.R`\+V9O




M8G-T86YT:6%L;'D@=&AE(&9U;&P@=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@87-S971S(&]R(&QI

M

M+C5I;CL@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^(#QP

M


T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@


&EN


M;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!C87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S+!A8V-O




@=V5R92!D

M='






@4&]L:6-Y/]T9#X-B`@

T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3CHP:6X@

'!T)SY4:&4@


M8V]S='



M(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26UP86ER
M;65N=!O9B!




F5D(&EF('1H92!C87)R


T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P
M:6X@

M-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ






M9'


T1T

M3E0Z



30X.R`H
M)B



@

M(@S*2!A;F0@*#0I(&%R92!B87-E9!O;B!M86YA9V5M96YT)B


M(&-O;&QE8W1A8FEL:71Y(&]F('1H;W-E(&%M;W5N='

@

L(&5S=&EM




]
T1T97AT

M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M0V]S='



@
M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P



T1T;W`^4F5S96%R

M3E0Z


M($-O;7!A;GD@86-C;W5N='


T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@



M/CQF;VYT/B8C

M14Y4.BTQ+C5P=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@




BPP
#`@

M

Q.#

M

@17AP96YS97
L(&-O;G-I

@


S
M-BPP


]












@97AP96-T960@=&\@87!P;'D@=&\@=&%X86)L92!I;F-O;64@



M:71I97
@;V8@82!C:&%N9V4@:6X@=&%X(')A=&5S(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@

&EN(#!I;B`P

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[
M($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@



M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R



M9'

M+!A;F0@:70@:7,@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0@=&AA=!S;VUE('!O

M87

M:F5C=!T;R!A('-U8G-T86YT:6%L(&%N;G5A;!L:6UI=&%T:6]N(&1U92!T
M;R!T:&4@)B




]
TM/CQP('-T





M;B`P:6X@



M=64@86YD(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87
@97AP96YS92!O=F5R('1H92!R97%U





M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M;7!L;WEE97

@;V8@=&AE($-O


M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@


R!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E
M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'

M4$%$1$E.1RU

C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(
M5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y

M.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A


&EN.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU2
M24=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P-B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%
M4BU


&EN)SX\+W1D


M3U143TTZ


M1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z

&EN


2P@/]P/CPO=&0^/]T

T0Q-C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/

M1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M4D=)3CHP:6X@

M0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+

&EN.R!7
M24142#HW-RXR-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$

T0G34%2
M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@



M24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[

BXR-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))


T0Q
#

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


T0G

M
T1C96YT97(^
3$T+C8V)2!T;R`Q
C4N
3$E/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T


&EN)R!V86QI
M9VX]


M4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-SDN-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2

&EN.R!724142#HQ
C(N
C5P
M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]2




T0Q
#

M

M5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@


T1C96YT97(^
4\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SXF;F)S


M24Y'+4Q%1E0Z

&EN


M
R!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494

M4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@


M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU

C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU2
M24=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E


'!T



M3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-SDN-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I

1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
M


M.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A



M


M.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!

&EN
M.R!724142#HQ
2XR-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y

M2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

&EN(#!I







M92!#;VUP86YY)B


M)B



]

M



@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE('1R96%S


M:&%R97




38L
S8U+#(P

N(%!O
M=&5N=&EA;&QY(&1I;'5T:79E('-E8W5R:71I97
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P

M97


M:&%R97


]


M=6)L:6

#`@86YD(0Q+#0R,!F
M;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q



]

]
T1T97AT/CPA+2UE9W@M

M:6X@


&EN

M;CL@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SY&:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
@



@870@9FEN


M1D1)0R8C
30X.RD@;&EM:70@;V8@)#(U

M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.C`N-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ







M/CQB/CQU/D9U='5R92!);7!A8W0@;V8@4F5C96YT;'D@27-S=65D($%C8V]U

M

30W



M=6US=&%N8V5S(&EN9&EC871E('1H870@:70@:7
@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA
M;B!N;W0@=&AA=!T:&4@:6YD969I;FET92UL:79E9!I;G1A;F=I8FQE(&%S

@;6]R92!L




M
C`Q


M



M(S$T.#L@*8C,30W.T%352`R,#$Q+3$Q)B,Q-#@[*3QI/BX@/]I/D%352`R
M

@86)O=70@9FEN





M97
@:6X@;W)D97(@=&\@9F%C:6QI=&%T92!C;VUP87)A8FEL:71Y(&)E='=E
M96X@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M9'


30V.W

M='


M05-5(#(P
3$M

M92!I;B!!4T
@5&]P:6
@

M:71A=&EV92!F86-T;W)S('1O(&1E=&5R;6EN92!W:&5T:&5R(&ET(&ES(&UO







@


M4U4@
C`Q


M='




C`Q
M


M=!S:&]U;&0@=&5S=!F;W(@:6UP86ER;65N=!B971W965N(&%N;G5A;!T

M='




#$Q+3`X






M97)I86P@:6UP86-T(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.C`N-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ



30W.T%352`R
#$Q+3`T)B
Q-#@[*2P@


M(&EN($%352`R

M=&EO;G
@;V8@5&]P:6

N($=!

M9&%R9'
N(%1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN($%352`R
#$Q+3`T(&%R92!T;R!B

@96YT:71I97
L
M('1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&%R92!E9F9E8W1I=F4@9F]R(&EN=&5R:6T@86YD


M=&%N9&%R9'


Q
M8V$T
V4W7V1F






]

T1)1#!%


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P



M86QI9VX]







M


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q-2!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E

M9'1H/3-$


M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG/CPO

M+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!

BXR-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4



M041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HQ-CAP=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP
M:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[


'!T)R!A;&EG

Q+`\+W`^/]T9#X\

M1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z

&EN

M/3-$

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M96YT97([($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
3$N
C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!

M05)'24XZ

M
T0Q


M($)/4D1%4BU


&EN
M)R!V86QI9VX]

M=&5R.R!-05)'24XZ

3$\
M+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$V
R!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!

M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M1$E.1RU

C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP
M:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[


'!T)R!A;&EG

30N-C8E('1O(#$R-2XQ

M15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]




M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU3U143TTZ


M;&4]

M86QI9VX]

T0G5$58

T1C


T0Q
M-C


M3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
M




C5P=#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))



M:6X@

M
T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU

M+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!

M:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[


'!T)R!A;&EG

M



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^(#QP

&EN(#!I;B`P



M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]




M4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.
M1RU3U143TTZ


M

M9VX]
T1C96YT97(^

M9'1H/3-$




C5P=#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52



M;B`P:6X@

C4E('1O(XS,R4\+W`^/]T
M9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E

M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/

T0G34%21TE..C!I
M;B`P:6X@

M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R




M



S%C830S93=?9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?-S(S-S`Y
M.3@V9#5E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q8V$T
V4W
M7V1F


M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\


M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\



M.R!-05)'24XZ


T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

T1C96YT97(^(#QT86)L92!C96QL



1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
3@T
M+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z.#%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%


M+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!

&EN


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z.#%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU2
M24=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E

M:61T:#TS1#(T-B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/
M4D1%4BU


M15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)

1494.C!I;CL@
M5TE$5$@Z.#%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C



M/D1E8V5M8F5R(#

M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R

&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$

M+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HX
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]2

S$L(#(P
3$\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(T-B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E
M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




T0G0D]2


T0G
M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

&EN.R!724142#HX
M



T0G

M4DE'2%0Z


T0G0D]2


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/B0\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^(#QP('-T


C`@


M24=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P
M:6X@,'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B0\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M:6X@


M1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
3@T+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)

M24XZ

M
T0R


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P
M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]2




T0Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C$Q,BPX-SD\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+

&EN.R!7
M24142#HX
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E

T1R:6=H=#XQ


T0G0D]2

M2%0Z


M24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@

M1#$P.!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@
M0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+

&EN.R!7
M24142#HX
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E


M

M3U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M:6X@

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@0D]21$52
M+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
M

M3CHP:6X@


M5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!1$1)


T0G
M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]




M3U143TTZ

M1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M4D=)3CHP:6X@

M1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T


M1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z.#%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)

M24XZ

M('=I9'1H/3-$


&EN
M)R!V86QI9VX]

&EN


M96YT.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))

1494.C!I;CL@
M5TE$5$@Z.#%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C


24=..G)I9VAT
M.R!-05)'24XZ

S$V+#
U-2`F

M+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!

&EN

M('=I9'1H/3-$


&EN)R!V
M86QI9VX]

M($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@


M24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SY
97-S(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&1E



M3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^(#QP('-T


M


M4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@


M3TTZ8FQA8VL@


M

M1$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/

&EN.R!72414
M2#HQ.#0N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E
6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M4D1%4BU


M15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)


M15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]




1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
3@T+C5P=#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))



M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R

1494
M.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU4


24=.
M.G)I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ


T0Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/


M;&4]

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@S+#4T-CPO


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
M
6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W
#DY.#9D-64O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS





#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@





]
T1T97AT/CPA+2UE

M;B`P:6X@
'!T)SY$969I;FET92UL:69E(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&%T
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R





#X@/'1R/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R





&EN)SX\
M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X
B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E
M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M3U`Z
&EN)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q.2!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
M

M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E

M2%0Z






M3U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M8V5N=&5R.R!-05)'24XZ

M8V5M8F5R(#


T1C96YT97(^
C`Q

M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q.2!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E
M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

&EN.R!724142#HV
M
XW-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X
M.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI
M9VX]

M24XZ

Q+#PO


T1C96YT97(^
C`Q



&EN

M3U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M

M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R86YS

&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$24Y'
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED
M.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P
M:6X@

M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E

M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/

T0G34%21TE..C!I
M;B`P:6X@

M:#TS1#(X-B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%
M4BU



M
T0R


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P
M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]2


24=..G)I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ
M

M=&@]
T0X
B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%
M4BU


&EN)R!V86QI
M9VX]

M4D=)3CHP:6X@


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B0\

M33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C$T+#4P

C@V


M15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1T


M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2

&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M8FQA8VL@,7!T('-O;&ED.R!3U)$15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!

M:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[

24=..G)I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ



M

M5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C`N-S5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!

M15A4+4%
24=..G)I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ


#`\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(X
M-B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494

M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[

M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^(#QP

&EN(#!P


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
30N
C5P
M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]2


24=..G)I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ
M

M=&@]
T0X
2!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K(#(N

1494
M.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C`N-S5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%


M24=..G)I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ

M-RPR

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V
M9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W


T0G




M/3-$

@;V8@=&AE


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P


]

]
M

M9B!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

M861D:6YG/3-$

M1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

&EN.R!724142#HR-C@N


M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P

M4DE'2%0Z

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E.60X

M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T


M.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HX-'!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M/'1R/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC


C`@




T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M8VL@

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$

T0G5$58

T1C
M96YT97(^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




M+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!

&EN


M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#,U.!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




T0G


M
T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M1$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/

&EN.R!72414
M2#HX-'!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X



M;&4]




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC

M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P
M:6X@

M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R86YS

&EN.R!724142#HX-'!T.R!0041$24Y'
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED
M.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

&EN
M)R!V86QI9VX]

&EN(#!P

M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z.#1P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(
M5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y




M

M1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M3CHP:6X@

M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2

&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0

B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E
M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



1494

M


@9&%T97


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!


M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P

M4DE'2%0Z

'!T
M)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0T
PS,#`\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I
M;B`P:6X@,'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B0\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$


M3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
M

M3CHP:6X@


M5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!1$1)


T0G
M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]




M3U143TTZ

M1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M4D=)3CHP:6X@

M1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T

M/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+

&EN.R!7
M24142#HR-C@N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC



C`Q

M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R

1494.C!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z


&EN(#!I

T0Q

M

M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T
M)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0X,BPT-3@\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@



M+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HX-'!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]2

T1R:6=H
M=#XQ
C`L.#

T0S-3@@





T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/

M15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'

T0G34%21TE.
M.C!I;B`P:6X@

M(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2

&EN.R!724142#HX-'!T.R!0
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ
M

M3U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M:6X@


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z.#1P=#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))





M4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.
M1RU3U143TTZ

M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]



SDS(9N8G-P.V%N9`D
M+3`M+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&1U92!*86YU87)Y(#(P,30\+W`^/]T9#X@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E.60X

M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
M


M24=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P
M:6X@,'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$U,RPV,#@\+W`^/]T9#X@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$


M($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SXF


M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T
M)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#,U.!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%
M4BU


M15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)


M15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]



M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L


M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R

1494
M.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU4


&EN

T0Q

M;&4]

M5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
M,'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4P-RPV,3D\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#,U.!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y
M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R

1494.C!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z
35P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z


&EN(#!I

T0Q

M

1494

M4D1%4BU



1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z.#1P=#L@4$%$1$E.
M1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4


24=..G)I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ
&EN(#!I;B`P


M=&0@=VED=&@]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E.60X



M

M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!

&EN
M.R!724142#HX-'!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC
6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^(#QP('-T



1494.C!I;CL@
M5TE$5$@Z.#1P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C


&EN(#!I;B`P

S4X


M15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E

M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CIR
M:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B0\+W`^
M/]T9#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]



M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R

&EN.R!724142#HQ-7!T.R!0041$

T1R:6=H=#XD/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q
M
B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@0D]2
M1$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

&EN)R!V86QI
M9VX]

M4D=)3CHP:6X@



S%C830S93=?9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?-S(S
M-S`Y.3@V9#5E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q8V$T
M
V4W7V1F


M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@



3(@

S$L(#(P



]




Q-#8[




M3TTZ

T0G

3`U


M.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X.R!3U)$
M15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z,&EN)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0W,!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/
M4D1%4BU


&EN)SX\
M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC

M15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'

M.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A

BXR-7!T.R!0

B!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!

M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@


T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

B!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!

M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@


T1C96YT97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

T0Q-C

T0G0D]2

M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^(#QP('-T



M0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+

&EN.R!7
M24142#HU


M97([($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-S@N-S5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP
M:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[


'!T)R!A;&EG

M+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

&EN.R!724142#HU
M


M4D=)3CHP:6X@


M1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-S@N-S5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)

M+4%

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

M3U)$15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]

M1%1(.C$R
BXR-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@




M+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

&EN.R!724142#HW
M.XW-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X
M.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI
M9VX]

M05)'24XZ


M3U143TTZ


T0G

M


M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R

&EN.R!724142#HW.XW-7!T.R!0
M041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X.R!3U)$15(M
M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

&EN

T0Q-C

T0G0D]21$52

M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3CHP:6X@


M.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HU

M2%0Z


M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]



M4D=)3CHP:6X@

M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W

1494.C!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3(N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU3U143TTZ


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$
M5$@Z


T0G


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
M


T0G0D]2


M




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E.60X

M4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-S@N-S5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(
M5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y


'!T)R!A

M=&@]
T0Q-C


&EN)R!V
M86QI9VX]

&EN(#!P


M.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HU

M2%0Z

M('=I9'1H/3-$



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@
M4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!

&EN
M.R!724142#HW.XW-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/
M4#HC96-E.60X.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
M
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M

M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]

M
BXR-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU3U143TTZ


M;&4]

M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^*#4X
RPS
S
I/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P-2!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!

&EN
M.R!724142#HU


M96YT97([($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@


M.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HW.XW-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))
M1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C
M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^(#QP('-T


M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/C`N
#D\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#$V
R!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/
M4D1%4BU


M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
M

M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E

M24=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E.60X

M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P
M:6X@

M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P

M1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4



M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E

M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/

T0G34%21TE..C!I
M;B`P:6X@

M:#TS1#$V
R!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%
M4BU


M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T
6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ8FQA8VL@,7!T('-O;&ED.R!3U)$15(M3$5&5#HC96-E
M.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A

M1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))



M:6X@

M1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-S@N-S5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)

M+4%

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ8FQA8VL@,7!T('-O;&ED.R!3U)$15(M3$5&5#HC96-E
M.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A

M1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))



M:6X@


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33IB;&%C:R`Q



M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

BXR-7!T


M3TTZ

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$

T0G34%2
M1TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

M1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/

&EN.R!724142#HW.XW
M-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E.60X.R!
M3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
M



M24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HU

&EN

M/3-$




T0Q-C

M;&4]

M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]

M.C4R+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED



M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@

C`Y
M/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P-2!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.F)L86-K(#(N


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-S@N-S5P=#L@4$%$1$E.
M1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4



M


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M:6X[(%=)1%1(.C4R+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU4


24=.


M
PT,3,L-#,P/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P-2!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.F)L86-K(#(N,C5P=!D;W5B;&4[($)/4D1%4BU
1494



]
T1T97AT/CPA

M.C!I;B`P:6X@


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P
M:6X@

T1C96YT97(^(#QT86)L


M1$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/

&EN.R!72414

M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG/CPO


M
&EN.R!724142#HU
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/
M4#HC96-E.60X.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
M,&EN)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0W.!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]

M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(
M5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y

M.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A



M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R


T0G0D]21$52+4)/

M1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ8V5N=&5R.R!-05)'24XZ



1494
M.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z


M3CIC96YT97([($U!4D=)3CHP:6X@

1494.C!I;CL@5TE$
M5$@Z-C0N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#HC96-E
6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3CHP:6X@

M1$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/

&EN.R!72414

M9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A





M1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%


M

T0X


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C!P=#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))




T0G0D]21$52


M4BU


M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ8V5N=&5R.R!-05)'24XZ

M/3-$8V5N=&5R/E=E:6=H=&5D/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8X('-T


M2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




M
&EN.R!724142#HV
'!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C0N-7!T.R!0041$
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(V5C
M93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ
&EN

M
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M

M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R86YS


M5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@


T1C96YT97(^4F5M86EN:6YG/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W


&EN)R!V86QI
M9VX]



M041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HV
'!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I

M+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

&EN.R!724142#HV

M($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG

T0G34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)SXF

M+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!

&EN



M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E

M:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M5#HP:6X[(%=)1%1(.C8T+C5P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%



'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E


M4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP
M:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[


'!T)R!A;&EG

M.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A

M1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))



M:6X@



&EN
M)R!V86QI9VX]

M=&5R.R!-05)'24XZ


T0X

M1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C!P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y9#@[(%!!1$1)

M+4%

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&-E



M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E

M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HU
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52



M2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



M1$E.1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C0N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I

M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E

M2%0Z

'!T)R!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
U+#`P



1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3@N-7!T.R!0

T1R:6=H=#XP+C0Y/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T


M3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
M

M3CHP:6X@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E.60X

M8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG


#`\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS




M.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.S`N

M=VED=&@]

1494.C!I;CL@5TE$
M5$@Z-3%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED


24=..G)I9VAT.R!-
M05)'24XZ


M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]

1494
M.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3@N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52

T1R:6=H=#XR

M3U143TTZ

M1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]




M96YT.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z
&EN.R!724142#HV
'!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XD(9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P
M.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.S`N,3(P/]P/CPO=&0^

M1RU
1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C0N-7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@

T0G0D]2


M

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B-E

M4DE'2%0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M

M+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

&EN.R!724142#HU
M



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC96-E

M.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP


C4\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!W:61T



M8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.S`N

M=&0@=VED=&@]

1494.C!I;CL@
M5TE$5$@Z-3%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C


24=..G)I9VAT
M.R!-05)'24XZ

BPX-3`L
#`P

M3TTZ


'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C$N

M24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[

M

'!T)R!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L.#4P+#`P

T0X


1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-C!P=#L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))


24=..G)I9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ
&EN(#!I

M24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A;G-P87)E;G0[

M5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B-E8V4Y





M.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R86YS

&EN.R!724142#HU
7!T.R!0041$24Y'

T1R:6=H=#XV
#`L
#`P/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS




M.C!I;B`P:6X@

M3U)$15(M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]



M34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33HC

M5$]0.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/


C4\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!W



M.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.S`N

M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]

1494.C!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z


24=..G)I
M9VAT.R!-05)'24XZ


M24Y'+4Q%1E0Z


T0G

T0G


M;&4]

1494


M

T0G


#`@/]P/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8X('-T

M3$5&5#HC96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]



M.C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0P
PP,#`\+W`^/]T9#X@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33IB;&%C:R`Q



M1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]




M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#HP:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X@/'`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CIR:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@,'!T
M)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0P,PP

1494.C!I;CL@5TE$
M5$@Z-C!P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED


24=..G)I9VAT.R!-
M05)'24XZ

M96-E.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52





M1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3%P=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#HP:6X[($)/4D1%


M



1494.C!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z-3@N-7!T.R!0
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(V5C93ED.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ
M

M3U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M:6X@

M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ,&EN.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.G1R

&EN.R!724142#HV
'!T.R!0041$

T0X-B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B-E8V4Y9#@[($)/4D1%4BU


M4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

M)TU!4D=)3CHP:6X@

BXR-7!T(&1O

M
&EN.R!724142#HU
7!T.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.C!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/

T1R:6=H=#XQ-BPS
M-C4L

M4BU3U143TTZ8FQA8VL@,BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(V5C
M93ED.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ



M:6X@

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]



M:6=H=#L@34%21TE..C!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$V+#
Q
M-2PR

M.60X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33HP:6X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z=')A



M





Q8V$T
V4W7V1F
#A?






]

T1)1#!%2$)!0SX-B`@(`@

M5%
@3T8@*$1E=&%I;'





M
T1T;W`^5V]R:VEN9R!C87!I=&%L(&1E9FEC:65N8WD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]









CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#(L
#`P/'-P86X^




S-BPP


Q8V$T
V4W7V1F
#A?-#9F.%]B-#@X







]


T0R/C$R($UO

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]

3$T

M86QI9VX]

C4N

#4E/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N

M1&YU;7`^





]
T1N=6UP/C`N
C4E




S%C830S

O4VAE
M970S
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]

S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$X




S%C830S

O4VAE
M970S
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P


M=&EO;G
@8V]S='






6-A-#-E-U]D
M9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

M:7-K($%S($9O;&QO=W
@*$1E=&%I;'


T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A
M=&EO;G


M;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S%C830S93=?9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?-S(S-S`Y.3@V9#5E

O4VAE970S-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


2P@
M
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


]


]



]
T1R




M

S`S+#$U
M

M/B@R
CDL


]



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S%C830S93=?9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?-S(S-S`Y

O4VAE970S-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W
M




]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P




M

]


]





C



S%C830S93=?9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?-S(S-S`Y
M.3@V9#5E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q8V$T
V4W
M7V1F


M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M
6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M145.04

R!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$

M

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]

@;V8@8V]M;6]N


M1&YU;7`^-C4R+#4U





M;7`^.3DW+#(W


]











]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N
M=6UP/C@X+#
X


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^37(N($UA9V=I;W)E(&%D=F%N8V5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]


S%C830S93=?9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T
M.#A?-S(S-S`Y.3@V9#5E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S
Q8V$T
V4W7V1F



M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






M
T1T;W`^2$50($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(&QO86YE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPP
#`L
M


M
6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M151.04

L($Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#`U

M
#$L(#(P

M/D%D=F%N8V4@86=R965D('5N9&5R(&QO86X@86=R965M96YT/]T9#X-B`@


#`P+#`P


]



M9VX]

#`L
#`P*2!B

#`L
#`P



#`I(&%D=F%N8V4@

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P

]



]

]
M











]

]
M




S%C830S93=?
M9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?-S(S-S`Y.3@V9#5E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q8V$T
V4W7V1F




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$4V1T%%/@T*

M




M1#(^
R!-;VYT:'

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M

]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]







]


]


]





M



]


M86QI9VX]

M(&-H87)G97

3DL



]
T1N=6UP/C0W+#4P


]



]

M-S`L






]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30R+#0Q



'0O:'1M



]

M*$1E=&%I;'

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


M87EA8FQE+!N970@;V8@=6YA;6]R=&EZ960@9&ES8V]U;G0@;V8@)#0U+#,P
M,!A;F0@)#DX+#@Q-!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&1U92!A=!V87)I;W5S(&1A

30@=&\@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(P
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]


C`Q

]
T1N=6UP/C$R

]
T1R93X-


Y



M-3

M1&YU;7`^

]



]
T1N=6UP/C0X

]
T1R;SX-


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X
M7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


M5D%4259%($Q)04))3$E462!!4R!&3TQ
3U=3(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#`Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`W


]









]
T1N=6UP/C$T
RXS




]
M


]
T1N=6UP



2XY


]



]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#`E

M



]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N
C4E/'-P



M9VX]

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X
M7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W

M


S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]

30U+#



T1T;W`^



M;7`^



]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S


S%C830S93=?9&8P
M.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?-S(S-S`Y.3@V9#5E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q8V$T
V4W7V1F




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R



2P@
C`Q

M=&%I;'

]
T1R8SX-

2P@
C`Q
#PO=&0^

]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#`U-2PP








]




2P@
C`Q
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C`N


Q8V$T
V4W7V1F
#A?-#9F







]

T1)1#!%-$)!13X-B`@(`@(#QT




M9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#(U+#$Q


]
M

S
M



M/B@T+#@Y


]
M

M870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
T1N=6UP/C`N


Q8V$T
V4W7V1F





]
T1R


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')I8V4@4F%N9V4@,XQ
M


T1T;W`^4')I
M8V4@4F%N9V4@

]
T1N=6UP
M/C@T

]





]
T1R





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@4')I
M8V4@4F%N9V4@1G)O;2`P+C$P,!T;R`P+C4P
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





#PO=&0^



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')I8V4@4F%N9V4@
M,XQ

]
M




]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')I8V4@4F%N9V4@,XR


]





T1T
M;W`^5&]T86P@4')I8V4@4F%N9V4@1G)O;2`P+C$P





T1T
M;W`^4')I8V4@4F%N9V4@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
U+#`P

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')I8V4@4F%N9V4@,XQ
C`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



3(U

]
M


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!R:6-E(%)A;F=E(#`N
C(U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

#`L

#PO

#`P/'-P86X^

M92!286YG92`P+C4P


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@4')I8V4@4F%N9V4@1G)O;2`P+C$P

38L
S$U+#(P.3QS

]


M92!286YG92`P+C$P




]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')I8V4@4F%N9V4@,XQ
C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





T1T;W`^4')I8V4@4F%N
M9V4@

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
C(U




]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')I8V4@4F%N9V4@,XU

T1T;W`^5&]T86P@4')I8V4@4F%N9V4@1G)O;2`P
M+C$P

M


M
S%C830S93=?9&8P.%\T-F8X7V(T.#A?-S(S-S`Y.3@V9#5E#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q8V$T
V4W7V1F
#A?-#9F.%]B-#@X





^+RH@


M





]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
#$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M3F]V+B`P
2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]

]



@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%N


T1T







]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

L
3`V/'-P


L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X
M.%\W,C,W,#DY.#9D-64-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M

M='
O4VAE970U




@4W1O8VL@4W5B

@*$1E=&%I;'

]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#


T1T;W`^0VAR:7-T;W!H97(@






]







]





#`L


86EN
M+!A('-I9VYI9FEC86YT('-H87)E:&]L9&5R+!S=6)S8W)I8F5D('1O('1H

C`L


M(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!P87(@=F%L=64N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



]


]









]
T1T97AT



]


R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@





#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

S`P+#`P
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(P




]

]
T1N=6UP




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
6-A-#-E-U]D
M9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M96YS92!!9W)E96UE;G0@07

]
T1T:#Y*86XN



]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
6-A
M-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W



M='`M97%U:78]

]


@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS07



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M=V%R9'
@9F]R($9E9&5R86P@=&%X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]







M


]



Q8V$T
V4W7V1F
M








]


38L(#(P
3$\





M8F]N=7




M;VX@:61E;G1I9FEC871I;VX@;V8@8FEO+6%C=&EV92!A9V5N='
\+W1D/@T*






@8V]N=')A









]



M:&%R97



S%C830S93=?9&8P

O4VAE970U-2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3$L(#(P
3








]





]


T1T;W`^:6YC;'5D97
@82!C

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
3`L


M+#`P


M


S$L(#(P

]



]

#$S

C`Q


]

]
M




;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
6-A-#-E-U]D9C`X7S0V9CA?8C0X.%\W
C
W
M



M92(^#0H@/&\Z36%I;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#,U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
M-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*/]X;6P^#0HM+2TM+2T]7TYE

Q8V$T
V4W7V1F



 'defref_fil_N1ConvertibleNotesPayableNetOfUnamortizedDiscountOf45300And98814RespectivelyDueAtVariousDatesRangingFromJanuary2014ToSeptember2014'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_N11ConvertibleNotePayableNetOfUnamortizedDiscountOf517542And479167RespectivelyDueDecember2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_N11ConvertibleNotePayableNetOfUnamortizedDiscountOf178393And0RespectivelyDueJanuary2014'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ConvertibleNotePayableUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LessCurrentPortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LongTermPortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NetLossesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WorkingCapitalDeficiency'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_StockholdersDeficiencyAsOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_STOCKHOLDERSWARRANTSAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityNoteWarrantsOrRightsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RecordedADerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ClosingStockPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExpectedVolatilityOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ContractualLifeOfTheNoteInYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AnAnnualRateOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ARiskFreeInterestRateOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RecognizedOtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseExcludingAcquiredInProcessCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ClinicalStudiesExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExpectedVolatilityMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExpectedVolatilityMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExpectedDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExpectedTermInYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RiskFreeRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RiskFreeRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DESCRIPTIONOFBUSINESSAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PotentiallyDilutiveSecuritiesConsistedOfCommonShares1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CommonSharesFromOutstandingWarrants1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_VentureGroupLoaned'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_MoneyWasRelatedToTheOverallFinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_HEPInvestmentsLoaned'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_OverallFundingCommitment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_FederalAndStateStatutoryRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_EffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsCurrentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositsAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLoansPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerDepositsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ObligationToIssueCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRentCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRentCreditNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CommonStockSharesIssuedUnderObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LiabilityObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_TotalAmountOfSharesToBeIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SharesAtATotalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IssuanceOfStockAndWarrantsForServicesOrClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_FinanceCostsPaidInStockAndWarrants1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AmortizationOfDeferredFinanceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AmortizationOfBondDiscount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_FairValueAdjustmentOfDerivativeLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRentReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInSecurityDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IncreaseInObligationToIssueCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PaymentOfDeferredFinanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PaymentsOfOtherBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromWarrantExercises'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CashPaidDuringThePeriodForAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedConvertibleDebentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DiscountOnDebentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsWereRepricedFrom25To15ResultingInDeferredFinanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuedConvertibleDebenturesInThePrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DiscountOnDebentures1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockAmountIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SeveralThreeYear1ConvertibleNotesInTheAggregatePrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCostsIncurredDuringNoncashOrPartialNoncashTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DuringTheQuarterEndedSeptember302011RecordedADiscountOnTheDebentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DuringTheQuarterEndedDecember312011IssuedSharesOfCommonStockAndWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStockInRepaymentOfLoansTotaling'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RecognizedAdditionalDerivativeLiabilitiesValued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FixturesAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_PropertyAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_FairValueOfWarrantsEstimatedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_FairValueOfWarrantsEstimatedTextBlock'

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_fil_WarrantsRepricedResultingInDeferredFinanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DuringTheQuarterEndedJune302011IssuedSharesOfCommonStockInSatisfactionOfAnObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DuringTheQuarterEndedIssuedSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DuringTheQuarterEndedIssuedSharesOfCommonStockAndWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DuringTheQuarterEndedIssuedSharesOfCommonStockAndWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStockAtAnExercisePricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DiscountOnConvertibleDebenturePayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DiscountOnConvertibleDebenturePayableLongTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_STOCKHOLDERSDEFICIENCYAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RelatedPartyDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LicensesRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ProfessionalFeesAndConsultingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AmortizationOfBondDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AmortizationOfDeferredFinanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_FinanceCostsPaidInStockAndWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WeightedAverageSharesOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IntangibleAssetsGoodwillAndOtherAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AccountingPolicies1Abstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccounting'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Reclassifications'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LICENSEAGREEMENTAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LicenseAgreementTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DERIVATIVELIABILITYAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesAndFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LOANPAYABLEAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LoanPayableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CONVERTIBLEDEBTAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ConvertibleDebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_OBLIGATIONTOISSUECOMMONSTOCKAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ObligationToIssueCommonStockDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ConcentrationsOfCreditRiskConsistPrincipally'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyIssuedWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfStockToTheBoard1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SharesOfStockToScienceBoard'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsHaveAnExercisePriceOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsWereValuedAtPricingModel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CommitmentAndContingenciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DEFINITELIFEINTANGIBLEASSETSASFOLLOWSAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SignificantShareholderPaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyIssuedSharesOfCommonStockAndWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyIssuedSharesOfCommonStockAndWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CompanyIssuedSharesOfCommonStockAndWarrantsToPurchaseSharesOfCommonStockAtAnExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SharesOfCommonStockAtAnExercisePricePerShareInRepayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RecognizedFinanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AdvanceAgreedUnderLoanAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ConvertibleSecuredPromissoryNoteInTheInitialPrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_InitialPrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_InitialPrincipalAmountAdvancePaidByLender'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RemainingBalanceAmountOfConvertiblePromissoryNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IncrementAmountOfRemainingBalanceNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_FinalIncrementAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ToIssueWarrantsAsPerAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CommonStockIssuedPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceOfWarrantsToBoardOfDirectors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceOfStockToConsultants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceOfWarrantsToConsultants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForCashlessWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CommonStockIssuedInRepaymentOfLoan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExerciseOfCommonStockWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_WarrantsIssuedForFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DiscountsOnConvertibleDebentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DeferredFinanceCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_Rounding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceOfWarrantsToBoardOfDirectors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockAndWarrantsPursuantToPrivatePlacements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CashlessExerciseOfCommonStockWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExerciseOfCommonStockWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DiscountsOnConvertibleDebentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_DeferredFinanceCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ConvertibleDebtConsistsOfTheFollowingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ConvertibleDebtConsistsOfTheFollowingTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IntangbileAssetsLifeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AmortizationExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_INCOMETAXESAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'

